At his trial , petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer , Evensen , as well as his report thereon .
at his trial , petitioner sought to secure through subpoena duces tecum the longhand notes of the department's hearing officer , evensen , as well as his report [of that] .

‘ The main danger is ice , which coming down in large floes at the breaking up of a frost , is apt to accumulate at the pillars and exert enormous pressure thereon , ’ he says .
‘ the main danger is ice , which coming down in large floes at the breaking up of a frost , is apt to accumulate at the pillars and exert enormous pressure [of that] , ’ he says .

On 15 July 1987 , the Woolwich issued a writ to recover the capital sum and interest thereon .
on 15 july 1987 , the woolwich issued a writ to recover the capital sum and interest [of that] .

Eventually the plant bushes out and develops stocky rootstock , and the plantlets thereon can be divided and transplanted .
eventually the plant bushes out and develops stocky rootstock , and the plantlets [of that] can be divided and transplanted .

However , the transaction by which the end result was sought could not be characterised as a sale of land with finished buildings thereon .
however , the transaction by which the end result was sought could not be characterised as a sale of land with finished buildings [of that] .

Old , even centuries old , pieces of paper are fairly easily come by , and the unrighteous find no great problem in copying an acceptable signature thereon .
old , even centuries old , pieces of paper are fairly easily come by , and the unrighteous find no great problem in copying an acceptable signature [of that] .

Alternatively an even briefer statement is sometimes included , such as : ’ Stocks and land , including development costs and construction thereon , are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value . ’
alternatively an even briefer statement is sometimes included , such as : ’ stocks and land , including development costs and construction [of that] , are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value . ’

He was aware that his powers were limited : ‘ The civil service , the police , the judiciary , defence and external affairs were all in the hands of the Governor and … all decisions thereon had to come from Whitehall ’ ( p. 147 ) .
he was aware that his powers were limited : ‘ the civil service , the police , the judiciary , defence and external affairs were all in the hands of the governor and … all decisions [of that] had to come from whitehall ’ ( p. 147 ) .

The final two components in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting thereon to management so that they can investigate adverse variances and initiate corrective action .
the final two components in ' any system of formal management control involve measuring the resources consumed and reporting [of that] to management so that they can investigate adverse variances and initiate corrective action .

Solicitor — Costs — Action to recover — Solicitors serving statutory demand within one month of delivering bill of costs — Whether service of statutory demand constituting ‘ action … brought ’ — Whether statutory demand and bankruptcy petition founded thereon to be set aside — Solicitors Act 1974 ( c. 47 ) , s. 69(1)
solicitor — costs — action to recover — solicitors serving statutory demand within one month of delivering bill of costs — whether service of statutory demand constituting ‘ action … brought ’ — whether statutory demand and bankruptcy petition founded [of that] to be set aside — solicitors act 1974 ( c. 47 ) , s. 69(1)

The former defines the nature of the user of the land ; the latter the cause of accumulation thereon .
the former defines the nature of the user of the land ; the latter the cause of accumulation [of that] .

" … the Church Yard of Kilmeny is quite open , never having been Inclosed. & that besides the Indecency thereof , the Grave Stones are much Injured by Horses and Cattle pasturing thereon … " ask for an estimate for building a stone wall .
" … the church yard of kilmeny is quite open , never having been inclosed. & that besides the indecency thereof , the grave stones are much injured by horses and cattle pasturing [of that] … " ask for an estimate for building a stone wall .

1812 " It is proposed that the Clergymen of the Island shall … convene the poor of their respective Parishes , & to such as they find needy , to issue a Ticket of his or her name & Parish Written thereon , who only should be served as the Poor , & impostures excluded — It is Represented to this Meeting that a number of Beggars keep dogs at home and abroad — and as Scarcity is apprehended , it is considered proper that every person should this year Discharge every unnecessary Dog … "
1812 " it is proposed that the clergymen of the island shall … convene the poor of their respective parishes , & to such as they find needy , to issue a ticket of his or her name & parish written [of that] , who only should be served as the poor , & impostures excluded — it is represented to this meeting that a number of beggars keep dogs at home and abroad — and as scarcity is apprehended , it is considered proper that every person should this year discharge every unnecessary dog … "

That the Presbytery be requested to take this matter into their favourable consideration , pass their judgement thereon , transmit it to the proper quarter and in every way in their power forward the interests and wishes of the congregation towards obtaining the sanction of the General Assembly .
that the presbytery be requested to take this matter into their favourable consideration , pass their judgement [of that] , transmit it to the proper quarter and in every way in their power forward the interests and wishes of the congregation towards obtaining the sanction of the general assembly .

Provided always that nothing in these restrictions shall preclude Norwich Union from processing any proposal or application form made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 submitted through the Winchester Group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or application form so long as Norwich Union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or application form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or application form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown thereon is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or application form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .
provided always that nothing in these restrictions shall preclude norwich union from processing any proposal or application form made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 submitted through the winchester group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or application form so long as norwich union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or application form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or application form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown [of that] is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or application form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .

If there is a surplus remaining after paying all proved debts ( including interest on them up to the date of the bankruptcy order ) , it must be applied to the payment of interest on all proved debts ( including any interest thereon up to the date of the bankruptcy order ( s 328 ( 4 ) ) .
if there is a surplus remaining after paying all proved debts ( including interest on them up to the date of the bankruptcy order ) , it must be applied to the payment of interest on all proved debts ( including any interest [of that] up to the date of the bankruptcy order ( s 328 ( 4 ) ) .

Etymologists trace this colloquialism to the turn of the century ( Flaubert does n't use it ; he prefers the redcoats have landed , and other humorous variations thereon .
etymologists trace this colloquialism to the turn of the century ( flaubert does n't use it ; he prefers the redcoats have landed , and other humorous variations [of that] .

The final document that has to accompany the annual accounts is the auditors ' report thereon .
the final document that has to accompany the annual accounts is the auditors ' report [of that] .

Furthermore , if large tidal ranges are accompanied by such wide foreshores much of the wave attack and energy will be expended thereon .
furthermore , if large tidal ranges are accompanied by such wide foreshores much of the wave attack and energy will be expended [of that] .

There was no platform , not a building to indicate its whereabouts , nothing but a small board nailed to a decapitated tree trunk with the name inscribed thereon in white letters upon a black background .
there was no platform , not a building to indicate its whereabouts , nothing but a small board nailed to a decapitated tree trunk with the name inscribed [of that] in white letters upon a black background .

rules governing the crossing by persons of the external borders of the Member States and the exercise of controls thereon ;
rules governing the crossing by persons of the external borders of the member states and the exercise of controls [of that] ;

When the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .
when the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable [of that] , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .

In spite of the trusts imposed on the former matrimonial home or its proceeds of sale , the husband may remain liable in respect of any mortgage secured thereon , the intent being in effect that this should be deducted from or charged on his equitable share .
in spite of the trusts imposed on the former matrimonial home or its proceeds of sale , the husband may remain liable in respect of any mortgage secured [of that] , the intent being in effect that this should be deducted from or charged on his equitable share .

If there is a mortgage granted in the husband 's favour on the property , it is probably best either that the policy be in the names of the husband and wife , or ( more properly ) in the wife 's sole name , but with the husband 's interest as mortgagee noted thereon .
if there is a mortgage granted in the husband 's favour on the property , it is probably best either that the policy be in the names of the husband and wife , or ( more properly ) in the wife 's sole name , but with the husband 's interest as mortgagee noted [of that] .

Betterment had been conceived as ‘ any increase in the value of land ( including the buildings thereon ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the execution of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of restrictions on the other land ’ .
betterment had been conceived as ‘ any increase in the value of land ( including the buildings [of that] ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the execution of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of restrictions on the other land ’ .

Where a counterclaim ( or set-off and counterclaim ) are transferred to the High Court but judgment has been given on the claim save for the question of set-off , execution is stayed thereon until the proceedings transferred to the High Court have been concluded , unless the High Court otherwise orders ( s 42(2) ) .
where a counterclaim ( or set-off and counterclaim ) are transferred to the high court but judgment has been given on the claim save for the question of set-off , execution is stayed [of that] until the proceedings transferred to the high court have been concluded , unless the high court otherwise orders ( s 42(2) ) .

Order 29 , r 1 ( 3 ) provides that if the order was injunctive , it should have been served having borne thereon a `` penal notice `` — see below .
order 29 , r 1 ( 3 ) provides that if the order was injunctive , it should have been served having borne [of that] a `` penal notice `` — see below .

By the Law of Property Act 1925 , s62 , a lease of land with buildings thereon will include all outhouses , cellars , areas , courtyards , sewers , drains , ways , passages and other rights appertaining or reputed to appertain to the property or at the time of the conveyance occupied or enjoyed therewith .
by the law of property act 1925 , s62 , a lease of land with buildings [of that] will include all outhouses , cellars , areas , courtyards , sewers , drains , ways , passages and other rights appertaining or reputed to appertain to the property or at the time of the conveyance occupied or enjoyed therewith .

From somewhere they would suddenly turn up in all sorts of fancy gear , funny sorts of knickerbockers and sweatshirts with strange devices thereon , and also funny hats .
from somewhere they would suddenly turn up in all sorts of fancy gear , funny sorts of knickerbockers and sweatshirts with strange devices [of that] , and also funny hats .

Obligations and rights arise for States members of an international organisation from the provisions of a treaty to which that organisation is a party when the parties to the treaty intend those provisions to be the means of establishing such obligations and according such rights and have defined their conditions and effects in the treaty or have otherwise agreed thereon , and if :
obligations and rights arise for states members of an international organisation from the provisions of a treaty to which that organisation is a party when the parties to the treaty intend those provisions to be the means of establishing such obligations and according such rights and have defined their conditions and effects in the treaty or have otherwise agreed [of that] , and if :

The defacing of posters may be a natural intuitive desire to turn the perfect images thereon displayed into the imbalanced , imperfect , real life state .
the defacing of posters may be a natural intuitive desire to turn the perfect images [of that] displayed into the imbalanced , imperfect , real life state .

Also insured , in the same way as your motor cycle , are your motor cycles spare parts and accessories while thereon provided they fall within the maximum amount payable .
also insured , in the same way as your motor cycle , are your motor cycles spare parts and accessories while [of that] provided they fall within the maximum amount payable .

The Corporation will indemnify the Policyholder against loss of or damage to any Caravan described in the Schedule its Equipment and Contents ( other than Personal Effects ) while therein or thereon or in the immediate vicinity thereof .
the corporation will indemnify the policyholder against loss of or damage to any caravan described in the schedule its equipment and contents ( other than personal effects ) while therein or [of that] or in the immediate vicinity thereof .

Nothing in this Policy or in any document thereon shall affect the right of any person indemnified by this Policy or of any other person to recover an amount under or by virtue of the provisions of the law of any territory in which the Policy operates relating to the insurance of liability to Third Parties .
nothing in this policy or in any document [of that] shall affect the right of any person indemnified by this policy or of any other person to recover an amount under or by virtue of the provisions of the law of any territory in which the policy operates relating to the insurance of liability to third parties .

Nothing in this Policy or in any Endorsement thereon shall affect the right of any person indemnified by this Policy or of any other person to recover an amount under or by virtue of the provisions of the law of any territory in which the Policy operates relating to the insurance of liability to Third Parties .
nothing in this policy or in any endorsement [of that] shall affect the right of any person indemnified by this policy or of any other person to recover an amount under or by virtue of the provisions of the law of any territory in which the policy operates relating to the insurance of liability to third parties .

The Corporation will indemnify the Policyholder against loss of or damage to any motor car described in the Schedule ( and its accessories and spare parts while thereon or while in the Policyholders private garage ) .
the corporation will indemnify the policyholder against loss of or damage to any motor car described in the schedule ( and its accessories and spare parts while [of that] or while in the policyholders private garage ) .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; ( * finds the expenses of this application and procedure following [of that] to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the Accountant of Court a bond binding himself to lodge Accounts annually with the Accountant of Court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of Scotland ; to appear before the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the Court of Session for said purposes and to assign an address in Scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the accountant of court a bond binding himself to lodge accounts annually with the accountant of court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of scotland ; to appear before the lords of council and session in scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the court of session for said purposes and to assign an address in scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * finds the expenses of this application and procedure following [of that] to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

But what Sheriff Irvine Smith has , with compelling cause shown , denied us in his Introduction he has amply redeemed in the justiciary cases he has placed before us and in his commentary thereon .
but what sheriff irvine smith has , with compelling cause shown , denied us in his introduction he has amply redeemed in the justiciary cases he has placed before us and in his commentary [of that] .

On a bill of Suspension the Court of Session found that the town of Selkirk had contravened the King 's letter and Act of the burghs made thereon — which discharged the burgh to elect any to represent them but actual trafficking and residing burgesses — and fined the burgh .
on a bill of suspension the court of session found that the town of selkirk had contravened the king 's letter and act of the burghs made [of that] — which discharged the burgh to elect any to represent them but actual trafficking and residing burgesses — and fined the burgh .

No nomination shall be valid unless made on the form in terms prescribed by the National Executive Committee and bearing thereon the consent in writing of the member nominated .
no nomination shall be valid unless made on the form in terms prescribed by the national executive committee and bearing [of that] the consent in writing of the member nominated .

( 2 ) No Motion shall be made in the Standing Committee relating to the sitting of the Committee except by a member of the Government , and the Chairman shall permit a brief explanatory statement from the Member who moves , and from a Member who opposes , the Motion , and shall then put the Question thereon .
( 2 ) no motion shall be made in the standing committee relating to the sitting of the committee except by a member of the government , and the chairman shall permit a brief explanatory statement from the member who moves , and from a member who opposes , the motion , and shall then put the question [of that] .

She was a quick worker and her knitting and sewing , her cleaning of the two rooms and kitchen , her preparing of the evening meal against Ron 's return , her visits to the clinic and her regular letters to her mother in Darlington to report thereon , did not fill the day .
she was a quick worker and her knitting and sewing , her cleaning of the two rooms and kitchen , her preparing of the evening meal against ron 's return , her visits to the clinic and her regular letters to her mother in darlington to report [of that] , did not fill the day .

Rules governing the crossing by persons of the external borders of the Member States and the exercise of controls thereon ;
rules governing the crossing by persons of the external borders of the member states and the exercise of controls [of that] ;

to be the ordinary retail selling price and offered to pay Chappell & Co. royalties thereon , which Chappell and Co. refused .
to be the ordinary retail selling price and offered to pay chappell & co. royalties [of that] , which chappell and co. refused .

To receive and adopt the accounts of the Company for the year ended 31st March 1993 and the reports of the directors and auditors thereon .
to receive and adopt the accounts of the company for the year ended 31st march 1993 and the reports of the directors and auditors [of that] .

Boness handled 125,000 tons in 1860 and increased steadily from thereon .
boness handled 125,000 tons in 1860 and increased steadily from [of that] .

210 In all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .
210 in all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed [of that] , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .

Subject to the preservation of the object of the Society , this Constitution may be amended by a resolution at any General Meeting provided it be carried by a majority of at least two-thirds of the members present and voting thereon .
subject to the preservation of the object of the society , this constitution may be amended by a resolution at any general meeting provided it be carried by a majority of at least two-thirds of the members present and voting [of that] .

`` The cricket ground recently acquired by the Institute , is in fairly good order , and the first cricket match played thereon , took place on Sat .
`` the cricket ground recently acquired by the institute , is in fairly good order , and the first cricket match played [of that] , took place on sat .

Numerous other licences were issued — to hawk , fell and sell woods , plough up pastures , enclose small parcels of land on the forest wastes and build houses thereon , cut turf and peat , and to operate a brick kiln .
numerous other licences were issued — to hawk , fell and sell woods , plough up pastures , enclose small parcels of land on the forest wastes and build houses [of that] , cut turf and peat , and to operate a brick kiln .

One society , the Woolwich , then challenged them in court : won , lost on appeal , then won again before the law lords last October , and retrieved £91m ( $ 160m ) of tax and interest thereon from the Inland Revenue , plus another £6m due after a further appeal-court victory of detail this week .
one society , the woolwich , then challenged them in court : won , lost on appeal , then won again before the law lords last october , and retrieved £91m ( $ 160m ) of tax and interest [of that] from the inland revenue , plus another £6m due after a further appeal-court victory of detail this week .

This gradual variation of the gradient is effected without disturbing the horizontality of the lift dock by providing at least at the upper part of the incline two or more sets of rails for each carriage supporting the dock , the said duplicate sets of rails being in different alignment and gradually assuming different levels , the wheels of each carriage being adapted to travel thereon so that on the diminished gradient the leading wheels will travel on rails at a different level from those on which the trailing wheels travel , the duplication of the rails and their difference of level being variously arranged according to circumstances .
this gradual variation of the gradient is effected without disturbing the horizontality of the lift dock by providing at least at the upper part of the incline two or more sets of rails for each carriage supporting the dock , the said duplicate sets of rails being in different alignment and gradually assuming different levels , the wheels of each carriage being adapted to travel [of that] so that on the diminished gradient the leading wheels will travel on rails at a different level from those on which the trailing wheels travel , the duplication of the rails and their difference of level being variously arranged according to circumstances .

The males perforce come within such an area to mate and establish small ‘ leks ’ thereon .
the males perforce come within such an area to mate and establish small ‘ leks ’ [of that] .

The loss of British merchant shipping in the north Atlantic had always been very troublesome but in March of 1943 , the worst monthly loss was recorded , fortunately gradually improving from thereon .
the loss of british merchant shipping in the north atlantic had always been very troublesome but in march of 1943 , the worst monthly loss was recorded , fortunately gradually improving from [of that] .

From thereon a number of methods may be employed
from [of that] a number of methods may be employed

Thereon was twenty pounds of steele ,
[of that] was twenty pounds of steele ,

the acquisition of land ( including buildings thereon ) ,
the acquisition of land ( including buildings [of that] ) ,

The area of ground selected was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ All that piece of ground situate north of Fig Lane [ now Crowndale Road ] St Pancras extending northwards from thence 650 feet on average abutting Eastwards on the Church path leading to Kentish Town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting Westward on other Ground intended and agreed to be used as Garden Ground by the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy or the Undertenants and no buildings to be erected thereon which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a Street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy do engage to lett to the Veterinary College a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the College shall determine upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn Rent .
the area of ground selected was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ all that piece of ground situate north of fig lane [ now crowndale road ] st pancras extending northwards from thence 650 feet on average abutting eastwards on the church path leading to kentish town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting westward on other ground intended and agreed to be used as garden ground by the said messrs. kirkman and hendy or the undertenants and no buildings to be erected [of that] which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said messrs. kirkman and hendy do engage to lett to the veterinary college a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the college shall determine upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn rent .

Although he might perhaps have done better to observe Wittgenstein 's adage , ‘ Whereof one can not speak , thereon one must be silent ’ , one can not help regretting that he has not tried to be less vague about the nature of personal growth .
although he might perhaps have done better to observe wittgenstein 's adage , ‘ whereof one can not speak , [of that] one must be silent ’ , one can not help regretting that he has not tried to be less vague about the nature of personal growth .

Stone-age man would have noticed that birds navigating by means of the magnetic properties of the ley lines together with the visual cues thereon , became disorientated at certain points ( multiple ley-line intersections ) .
stone-age man would have noticed that birds navigating by means of the magnetic properties of the ley lines together with the visual cues [of that] , became disorientated at certain points ( multiple ley-line intersections ) .

However , by s 6 of the 1907 Act , a limited partner may by himself or his agent at any time inspect the books of the firm and look into the state and prospects of the partnership business , and may advise with the partners thereon .
however , by s 6 of the 1907 act , a limited partner may by himself or his agent at any time inspect the books of the firm and look into the state and prospects of the partnership business , and may advise with the partners [of that] .

Thirdly , the committees were allowed to take steps ‘ either by themselves or in cooperation with any other bodies or persons , to give information , advice , and assistance to boys and girls and their parents with respect to the choice of employment and other matters bearing thereon .
thirdly , the committees were allowed to take steps ‘ either by themselves or in cooperation with any other bodies or persons , to give information , advice , and assistance to boys and girls and their parents with respect to the choice of employment and other matters bearing [of that] .

An omnibus awaited us , and we got ourselves and our luggage stowed therein or thereon ; but a place in the hotel omnibus does not guarantee that you will find a corner in the house .
an omnibus awaited us , and we got ourselves and our luggage stowed therein or [of that] ; but a place in the hotel omnibus does not guarantee that you will find a corner in the house .

Section 808 ( 2 ) states that , notwithstanding section 801 , `` any rule which an agency for good cause finds ( and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefor in the rule issued ) that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest '' shall take effect at such time as the federal agency promulgating the rule determines .
section 808 ( 2 ) states that , notwithstanding section 801 , `` any rule which an agency for good cause finds ( and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefor in the rule issued ) that notice and public procedure [of that] are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest '' shall take effect at such time as the federal agency promulgating the rule determines .

I entered this strange territory , and thereon the chalkboard was inscribed :
i entered this strange territory , and [of that] the chalkboard was inscribed :

In fact , of course , “ Full-O-Pep ” and many variations thereon were , and perhaps still are , common trade names of a variety of animal feed products .
in fact , of course , “ full-o-pep ” and many variations [of that] were , and perhaps still are , common trade names of a variety of animal feed products .

All the arguments put forward assume an ideal fit in the original pile and one temperature change , with detailed calculations based thereon : therein , I suggest , lies the rub .
all the arguments put forward assume an ideal fit in the original pile and one temperature change , with detailed calculations based [of that] : therein , i suggest , lies the rub .

