The American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that `` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' .
the american constitution was historic at this point in providing that `` congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise [of that] '' .

It is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief , or at least the practical consequences thereof , upon others .
it is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief , or at least the practical consequences [of that] , upon others .

My own stern hand has rent the ancient bond , And thereof shall the ending not have end : But not for me , that loved her , to be fond Lightly to please me with a newer friend Then hold it more than bravest-feathered song , That I affirm to thee , with heart of pride , I knew not what did to a friend belong Till I stood up , true friend , by thy true side ; ;
my own stern hand has rent the ancient bond , and [of that] shall the ending not have end : but not for me , that loved her , to be fond lightly to please me with a newer friend then hold it more than bravest-feathered song , that i affirm to thee , with heart of pride , i knew not what did to a friend belong till i stood up , true friend , by thy true side ; ;

Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' .
sturley wrote to quiney that sir edward `` gave his allowance and liking [of that] , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` sir edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' .

Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that `` all rateable property , both tangible and intangible , shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of April in each year '' .
middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that `` all rateable property , both tangible and intangible , shall be taxed to the owner [of that] in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of april in each year '' .

the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof .
the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any state and any place outside [of that] , or between points within the same state but through any place outside [of that] .

Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment [of that] shall be made by the secretary of the treasury by deducting the amount [of that] from the total amount paid pursuant to the award .

Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title .
whoever , in the united states or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction [of that] , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title .

if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; ;
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the united states , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part [of that] , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part [of that] , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; ;

in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .
in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part [of that] , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the secretary of the treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the secretary of the treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .

The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement , to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) .
the government of india shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , of the agreement , to disclose the use [of that] in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost [of that] ) .

The decision reached in 1938-39 was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study thereof .
the decision reached in 1938-39 was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study [of that] .

The solicitors have warned Mr Clark of the consequences if he presses ahead : ‘ Our clients have the option to irritate the feu on the basis of breach of conditions thereof , which would revoke the feudal grant and thus the property would revert to the church . ’
the solicitors have warned mr clark of the consequences if he presses ahead : ‘ our clients have the option to irritate the feu on the basis of breach of conditions [of that] , which would revoke the feudal grant and thus the property would revert to the church . ’

When George Abbott , the Archbishop of Canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , Andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ Brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness thereof , lest we render ourselves in the same condition .
when george abbott , the archbishop of canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness [of that] , lest we render ourselves in the same condition .

Gifford , though he gave advice from his own experience , told him to take nothing on trust , but ‘ to cry mightily unto the Lord that He would convince him of the truth thereof ’ : he must work out his own salvation .
gifford , though he gave advice from his own experience , told him to take nothing on trust , but ‘ to cry mightily unto the lord that he would convince him of the truth [of that] ’ : he must work out his own salvation .

On no matter is American social thought in its accepted and popular manifestation more insistent than on social class or , more specifically , the absence thereof in the United States .
on no matter is american social thought in its accepted and popular manifestation more insistent than on social class or , more specifically , the absence [of that] in the united states .

Provided that when goods are consigned ‘ carriage forward ’ the Trader shall not be required to pay such charges unless the consignee fails to pay after a reasonable demand has been made by the carrier for payment thereof .
provided that when goods are consigned ‘ carriage forward ’ the trader shall not be required to pay such charges unless the consignee fails to pay after a reasonable demand has been made by the carrier for payment [of that] .

the goods exceed 2.25 cubic metres in measurement per tonne , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to each measurement of 2.25 cubic metres or any part thereof , or
the goods exceed 2.25 cubic metres in measurement per tonne , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to each measurement of 2.25 cubic metres or any part [of that] , or

the Carrier shall be entitled to require proof of the value of the whole of the Consignment and of any part thereof lost , misdelivered or damaged ;
the carrier shall be entitled to require proof of the value of the whole of the consignment and of any part [of that] lost , misdelivered or damaged ;

If any such lien is not satisfied within a reasonable time the Carrier may at his absolute discretion sell the goods , or part thereof , as agent for the owner and apply the proceeds towards the monies due and the expenses of the retention , insurance and sale of the goods and shall , upon accounting to the Trader for any balance remaining , be discharged from all liability whatever in respect of the goods .
if any such lien is not satisfied within a reasonable time the carrier may at his absolute discretion sell the goods , or part [of that] , as agent for the owner and apply the proceeds towards the monies due and the expenses of the retention , insurance and sale of the goods and shall , upon accounting to the trader for any balance remaining , be discharged from all liability whatever in respect of the goods .

The Trader shall be liable for the cost of unreasonable detention of any vehicle , trailer , container or sheet but the rights of the Carrier against any other person in respect thereof shall remain unaffected .
the trader shall be liable for the cost of unreasonable detention of any vehicle , trailer , container or sheet but the rights of the carrier against any other person in respect [of that] shall remain unaffected .

The Carrier shall be relieved of its obligation to perform the contract to the extent that the performance thereof is prevented by failure of the Trader , fire , weather conditions , industrial dispute , labour disturbance or cause beyond the reasonable control of the Carrier .
the carrier shall be relieved of its obligation to perform the contract to the extent that the performance [of that] is prevented by failure of the trader , fire , weather conditions , industrial dispute , labour disturbance or cause beyond the reasonable control of the carrier .

To pay all rates taxes assessments charges and outgoings which now are or may at any time hereafter be imposed assessed or charged upon the premises whether payable by the owner or occupier thereof
to pay all rates taxes assessments charges and outgoings which now are or may at any time hereafter be imposed assessed or charged upon the premises whether payable by the owner or occupier [of that]

That if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the Tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the Tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the Landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .
that if the rent hereby reserved or any part [of that] shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point [of that] in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .

Again , the undertaker offered two choices to the client : outright purchase of all the accoutrements or the hire thereof .
again , the undertaker offered two choices to the client : outright purchase of all the accoutrements or the hire [of that] .

In time ‘ yeoman ’ came to mean primarily a farmer who had raised himself out of the ruck of common husbandman , ‘ such as be exempted out of the rascalitie of the popular bee called and written yeomen , as in the degree next vnto gentlemen ’ ; and while careful to avoid making wealth appear the sole criterion , Smith adds that ‘ these tende their owne businesse , come not to meddle in publike matters and iudgements but when they are called and glad when they are deliuered thereof ’ .
in time ‘ yeoman ’ came to mean primarily a farmer who had raised himself out of the ruck of common husbandman , ‘ such as be exempted out of the rascalitie of the popular bee called and written yeomen , as in the degree next vnto gentlemen ’ ; and while careful to avoid making wealth appear the sole criterion , smith adds that ‘ these tende their owne businesse , come not to meddle in publike matters and iudgements but when they are called and glad when they are deliuered [of that] ’ .

It is his un-doubted duty to employ his skill , training and experience in order to ensure that his client 's case is placed before the court to the client 's best advantage and in the process thereof he must avail himself , on behalf of his client of every defence , be it technical or otherwise , which the law affords his client ( 1969 , p. 1 ) .
it is his un-doubted duty to employ his skill , training and experience in order to ensure that his client 's case is placed before the court to the client 's best advantage and in the process [of that] he must avail himself , on behalf of his client of every defence , be it technical or otherwise , which the law affords his client ( 1969 , p. 1 ) .

They will possess the same cognitive structures and whatever maturational schedules thereof that underlie hearing children 's language acquisition .
they will possess the same cognitive structures and whatever maturational schedules [of that] that underlie hearing children 's language acquisition .

Whatever the relative order of gesture , speech and structure thereof , my quasi-conceptual evolutionary thesis would still be pressing : iterable contribution to significant structure across the whole language , be it gestural or symbolic , is almost certain to have needed a shrewd intentional grasp by communicators of what they were up to .
whatever the relative order of gesture , speech and structure [of that] , my quasi-conceptual evolutionary thesis would still be pressing : iterable contribution to significant structure across the whole language , be it gestural or symbolic , is almost certain to have needed a shrewd intentional grasp by communicators of what they were up to .

Note that where the offence in question gave alternatives of using , causing or permitting the use thereof , ‘ uses ’ is interpreted rather more strictly and restricted than when an offence commences ‘ Did use ’ , with no other alternatives .
note that where the offence in question gave alternatives of using , causing or permitting the use [of that] , ‘ uses ’ is interpreted rather more strictly and restricted than when an offence commences ‘ did use ’ , with no other alternatives .

so as to cause an unnecessary obstruction thereof .
so as to cause an unnecessary obstruction [of that] .

‘ so as to cause an unnecessary obstruction thereof ’ . The judges have taken the word ‘ unnecessary ’ to mean ‘ unreasonable ’ , whether or not use amounting to an obstruction was or was not unreasonable use was a question of fact , depending on all the circumstances , including
‘ so as to cause an unnecessary obstruction [of that] ’ . the judges have taken the word ‘ unnecessary ’ to mean ‘ unreasonable ’ , whether or not use amounting to an obstruction was or was not unreasonable use was a question of fact , depending on all the circumstances , including

‘ so as to cause an unnecessary obstruction thereof ’ .
‘ so as to cause an unnecessary obstruction [of that] ’ .

after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit .
after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion [of that] in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit .

‘ after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit ’ . The prescribed limits at present are :
‘ after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion [of that] in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit ’ . the prescribed limits at present are :

‘ after consuming so much alcohol the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit ’ . Evidence of the proportion of alcohol in a specimen of breath , blood or urine may be by a document which is :
‘ after consuming so much alcohol the proportion [of that] in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit ’ . evidence of the proportion of alcohol in a specimen of breath , blood or urine may be by a document which is :

Instead it kept to the south thereof serving roads whose development was contemporary with the construction of the tramway .
instead it kept to the south [of that] serving roads whose development was contemporary with the construction of the tramway .

… the city of Chichester doth so fast decay and run to ruine , and the multitude inhabiting there so fast growe too beggary that except for remedy thereof some speedy order bee taken it is very likely the multitude of poor in the liberty of that city increasing will cause the better sorte ( being few that can contribute towards the releefe of the poore ) by reason of charges to wex weery of inhabiting the city .
… the city of chichester doth so fast decay and run to ruine , and the multitude inhabiting there so fast growe too beggary that except for remedy [of that] some speedy order bee taken it is very likely the multitude of poor in the liberty of that city increasing will cause the better sorte ( being few that can contribute towards the releefe of the poore ) by reason of charges to wex weery of inhabiting the city .

Every subterfuge is availed of to furnish excuses for the spending of money , not because the spending thereof is necessary , or even desirable , in the public interest , but because of the opportunities for graft incident thereto .
every subterfuge is availed of to furnish excuses for the spending of money , not because the spending [of that] is necessary , or even desirable , in the public interest , but because of the opportunities for graft incident thereto .

Once you have established ‘ max flash ’ you can use all of this flash time or smaller parts thereof .
once you have established ‘ max flash ’ you can use all of this flash time or smaller parts [of that] .

In fact , in Hong Kong 's markets you can buy almost any creature or part thereof you consider a delicacy , from bear 's paw to braised dog .
in fact , in hong kong 's markets you can buy almost any creature or part [of that] you consider a delicacy , from bear 's paw to braised dog .

For Italian unions , in this respect , industry bargaining corresponded originally to a need to unite their scarce resources in order to guarantee uniform minimum conditions of work ‘ to an impoverished , fragmented and still mostly agricultural working class , privileging the weak sectors thereof with respect to the elite ’ ( Treu , 1981 , p. 135 ) .
for italian unions , in this respect , industry bargaining corresponded originally to a need to unite their scarce resources in order to guarantee uniform minimum conditions of work ‘ to an impoverished , fragmented and still mostly agricultural working class , privileging the weak sectors [of that] with respect to the elite ’ ( treu , 1981 , p. 135 ) .

12.1 Except to the extent that liability may by statute not lawfully be excluded in an Agreement of this nature and between the respective Parties hereto , any statement , condition or warranty , expressed or implied , statutory or otherwise , as to the quality , marketability , suitability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Licensed Software is hereby excluded and shall not be liable to or to any other persons for loss or damage , whether direct or consequential , arising directly or indirectly from the use of the Licensed Software or any modification or enhancement thereof and any documentation , manual or training relating thereto .
12.1 except to the extent that liability may by statute not lawfully be excluded in an agreement of this nature and between the respective parties hereto , any statement , condition or warranty , expressed or implied , statutory or otherwise , as to the quality , marketability , suitability or fitness for any particular purpose of the licensed software is hereby excluded and shall not be liable to or to any other persons for loss or damage , whether direct or consequential , arising directly or indirectly from the use of the licensed software or any modification or enhancement [of that] and any documentation , manual or training relating thereto .

23.1 If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties hereto in connection with or arising out of the Agreement and provided that either of them shall have given notice in writing thereof , the Parties shall try to reach an agreement by negotiating in goodwill and at the highest level .
23.1 if any dispute or difference arises between the parties hereto in connection with or arising out of the agreement and provided that either of them shall have given notice in writing [of that] , the parties shall try to reach an agreement by negotiating in goodwill and at the highest level .

8.1 In the event that the Secretary of State shall reject the Proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed Party in the Project or if the Grant Offer Letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the Parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the Project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the Proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each Party shall be entitled to require each other Party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all Technical Information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the Proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other Parties or any of its Related companies .
8.1 in the event that the secretary of state shall reject the proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed party in the project or if the grant offer letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each party shall be entitled to require each other party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all technical information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the proposal together with all copies [of that] in any form in the possession of such other parties or any of its related companies .

10.7.7 Each Party , in exercising its rights under Clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.6 shall be entitled to employ an agent or contractor , provided that 10.7.7.1 it shall not supply computer programs in source code form to such an agent or contractor without the prior written consent of the Party or Parties who have generated or supplied such programs or parts thereof , and
10.7.7 each party , in exercising its rights under clauses 10.7.2 to 10.7.6 shall be entitled to employ an agent or contractor , provided that 10.7.7.1 it shall not supply computer programs in source code form to such an agent or contractor without the prior written consent of the party or parties who have generated or supplied such programs or parts [of that] , and

12.1 In the event of any dispute or difference arising between any of the Parties concerning this Agreement or the construction or performance thereof , such dispute or difference shall in the first instance be referred to the Project Manager whose decision shall be final and binding on the Parties unless with 14 days after such decision any one of the Parties shall have notified the others of his dissatisfaction with such decision .
12.1 in the event of any dispute or difference arising between any of the parties concerning this agreement or the construction or performance [of that] , such dispute or difference shall in the first instance be referred to the project manager whose decision shall be final and binding on the parties unless with 14 days after such decision any one of the parties shall have notified the others of his dissatisfaction with such decision .

12.3 In the event that any such dispute or difference can not be settled amicably the matter in dispute or difference may be referred by any of the Parties to a single arbitrator to be appointed by the Parties hereto or failing agreement within 28 days after being requested to concur in such appointment , according to the provisions of the Arbitration Acts , 1950 and 1979 or any statuary re-enactment or amendment thereof for the time being in force shall apply thereto .
12.3 in the event that any such dispute or difference can not be settled amicably the matter in dispute or difference may be referred by any of the parties to a single arbitrator to be appointed by the parties hereto or failing agreement within 28 days after being requested to concur in such appointment , according to the provisions of the arbitration acts , 1950 and 1979 or any statuary re-enactment or amendment [of that] for the time being in force shall apply thereto .

13.2.1 In addition and without prejudice to its obligations under Clause [ number of confidentiality clause ] , no Party hereto shall cause or permit the publication or lease of any work , paper or presentation based on the work or any Party thereof without the prior consent of the Chairman of the Project Committee .
13.2.1 in addition and without prejudice to its obligations under clause [ number of confidentiality clause ] , no party hereto shall cause or permit the publication or lease of any work , paper or presentation based on the work or any party [of that] without the prior consent of the chairman of the project committee .

5.1 The Proprietor hereby grants to the Publisher during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals thereof ) an irrevocable exclusive licence to publish the Work throughout the world in any form whatsoever that the Publisher may wish .
5.1 the proprietor hereby grants to the publisher during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals [of that] ) an irrevocable exclusive licence to publish the work throughout the world in any form whatsoever that the publisher may wish .

20.1 In the case of any dispute or difference arising between the parties hereto relating to this Agreement or any matter arising therefrom or incidental thereto the same may be submitted to the arbitration of a single arbitrator in accordance with the provisions of the United Kingdom Arbitration Act 1979 or any statutory modification thereof for the time being in force .
20.1 in the case of any dispute or difference arising between the parties hereto relating to this agreement or any matter arising therefrom or incidental thereto the same may be submitted to the arbitration of a single arbitrator in accordance with the provisions of the united kingdom arbitration act 1979 or any statutory modification [of that] for the time being in force .

Between 13 November and 22 December 1989 we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
between 13 november and 22 december 1989 we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products [of that] and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .

During the shooting and on-line editing of the Video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
during the shooting and on-line editing of the video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products [of that] and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .

During the shooting and on-line editing of the Video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
during the shooting and on-line editing of the video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products [of that] and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .

Military and economic historians continue to argue about the quantities and quality of aid received by the two sides , and the financial and economic costs thereof .
military and economic historians continue to argue about the quantities and quality of aid received by the two sides , and the financial and economic costs [of that] .

The Chaplain had only delivered veiled hints as to the nature of this ‘ Chaos ’ , which special psychic personnel were equipped to expunge : the Inquisition … Librarians … the legendary Grey Knights … Sufficient unto the hour was the ordinary evil thereof .
the chaplain had only delivered veiled hints as to the nature of this ‘ chaos ’ , which special psychic personnel were equipped to expunge : the inquisition … librarians … the legendary grey knights … sufficient unto the hour was the ordinary evil [of that] .

Every bill of lading in the hands of a consignee or endorsee for valuable consideration representing goods to have been shipped on board a vessel shall be conclusive evidence of such shipment as against the master or other person signing the same , notwithstanding that such goods or some part thereof may not have been so shipped , unless such holder of the bill of lading shall have had actual notice at the time of receiving the same that the goods had not been in fact laden on board : Provided , that the master or other person … may exonerate himself … by showing that it was caused without any default on his part , and wholly by the fraud of the shipper or the holder , or some person under whom the holder claims .
every bill of lading in the hands of a consignee or endorsee for valuable consideration representing goods to have been shipped on board a vessel shall be conclusive evidence of such shipment as against the master or other person signing the same , notwithstanding that such goods or some part [of that] may not have been so shipped , unless such holder of the bill of lading shall have had actual notice at the time of receiving the same that the goods had not been in fact laden on board : provided , that the master or other person … may exonerate himself … by showing that it was caused without any default on his part , and wholly by the fraud of the shipper or the holder , or some person under whom the holder claims .

Clause four declared that the objective of the party was ‘ to secure for the producers by hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry , and the most equitable distribution thereof that may be possible , upon the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and the best obtainable system of popular administration and control of each industry and service ’ .
clause four declared that the objective of the party was ‘ to secure for the producers by hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry , and the most equitable distribution [of that] that may be possible , upon the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and the best obtainable system of popular administration and control of each industry and service ’ .

names which include the words ‘ limited ’ , ‘ unlimited ’ or ‘ public limited company ’ ( or abbreviations thereof ) anywhere except at the end of the name ;
names which include the words ‘ limited ’ , ‘ unlimited ’ or ‘ public limited company ’ ( or abbreviations [of that] ) anywhere except at the end of the name ;

the survival of the company , or part thereof , as a going concern ;
the survival of the company , or part [of that] , as a going concern ;

Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage …
where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect [of that] shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage …

In most cases it is immediately clear what the semantic constituents of a sentence ( or part thereof ) are .
in most cases it is immediately clear what the semantic constituents of a sentence ( or part [of that] ) are .

Few who lived when the aristocratic rule of taste prevailed would have questioned Sir Henry Wotton 's definition in the previous century of ‘ Every Man 's proper Mansion House and Home ’ as ‘ the Theatre of his Hospitality , the Seat of Self Fruition , the comfortablest Part of his own Life , the noblest of his Son 's Inheritance , a kind of private Princedom ; nay , to the Possessors thereof , an Epitomy of the whole World ’ , although , on occasions , this was not of course the reality .
few who lived when the aristocratic rule of taste prevailed would have questioned sir henry wotton 's definition in the previous century of ‘ every man 's proper mansion house and home ’ as ‘ the theatre of his hospitality , the seat of self fruition , the comfortablest part of his own life , the noblest of his son 's inheritance , a kind of private princedom ; nay , to the possessors [of that] , an epitomy of the whole world ’ , although , on occasions , this was not of course the reality .

On Sunday all was quiet , but on Monday about 1,500 assembled in Sunderland , broke a great number of windows , destroyed the lights and inner works of the assembly room and broke to pieces the two figures over the gateway of the entrance thereof representing a mendicant sailor and charity .
on sunday all was quiet , but on monday about 1,500 assembled in sunderland , broke a great number of windows , destroyed the lights and inner works of the assembly room and broke to pieces the two figures over the gateway of the entrance [of that] representing a mendicant sailor and charity .

‘ The visitor is made by the founder , and is the proper judge of the private laws of the college ; he is to determine offences against those laws . But where the law of the land is disobeyed , this court will take notice thereof notwithstanding the visitor …
‘ the visitor is made by the founder , and is the proper judge of the private laws of the college ; he is to determine offences against those laws . but where the law of the land is disobeyed , this court will take notice [of that] notwithstanding the visitor …

Where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , disclose the number of directors waiving emoluments and the total amount ( including pension contributions ) thereof .
where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , disclose the number of directors waiving emoluments and the total amount ( including pension contributions ) [of that] .

The nub thereof is , of course , that you must first get to know your heron .
the nub [of that] is , of course , that you must first get to know your heron .

The alleged libel is contained in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ Manchester Examiner and Times ’ , which charged , as alleged by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the Manchester City Council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant thereof , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to render necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .
the alleged libel is contained in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ manchester examiner and times ’ , which charged , as alleged by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the manchester city council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant [of that] , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to render necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .

It was in weight two hundred pounds ; the traine and parts thereof borne up by six dukes .
it was in weight two hundred pounds ; the traine and parts [of that] borne up by six dukes .

For the purposes of this form of liability a person is a ‘ keeper ’ of the animal if ‘ ( a ) he owns the animal or has it in his possession ; or ( b ) he is the head of a household of which a member under the age of 16 owns the animal or has it in his possession ; and if at any time an animal ceases to be owned by or to be in the possession of a person , any person who immediately before that time was a keeper thereof … continues to be a keeper of the animal until another person becomes a keeper thereof … ’
for the purposes of this form of liability a person is a ‘ keeper ’ of the animal if ‘ ( a ) he owns the animal or has it in his possession ; or ( b ) he is the head of a household of which a member under the age of 16 owns the animal or has it in his possession ; and if at any time an animal ceases to be owned by or to be in the possession of a person , any person who immediately before that time was a keeper [of that] … continues to be a keeper of the animal until another person becomes a keeper [of that] … ’

The Act provides that it is a defence to an action brought under section 2 that the damage was wholly due to the fault of the person suffering it or that he voluntarily assumed the risk thereof ( though a person employed as a servant by a keeper of the animal is not to be treated as accepting voluntarily risks incidental to his employment ) .
the act provides that it is a defence to an action brought under section 2 that the damage was wholly due to the fault of the person suffering it or that he voluntarily assumed the risk [of that] ( though a person employed as a servant by a keeper of the animal is not to be treated as accepting voluntarily risks incidental to his employment ) .

325 0 0 The Chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 Kildaltan Schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 To repairing of the meeting-house at Lagavullin 20 0 0 To collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 To Purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by Lagganlochan , standing on the lands of Knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt thereof 53 0 0 517 4 0 Which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .
325 0 0 the chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 kildaltan schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 to repairing of the meeting-house at lagavullin 20 0 0 to collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 to purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by lagganlochan , standing on the lands of knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt [of that] 53 0 0 517 4 0 which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .

Doctor Robertson , & Lagganlochan shall direct And the Expence thereof to be payd out of the overplus sum stented as King 's Cess , above what ought to be stented as King 's Cess for this year and Last year . ``
doctor robertson , & lagganlochan shall direct and the expence [of that] to be payd out of the overplus sum stented as king 's cess , above what ought to be stented as king 's cess for this year and last year . ``

1773 " To be levied for finishing the Church yeard Dyke of Kilchoman and the Remainder thereof to be applied towards building the Church yeard Dyke of Kildalton with future collections , till the same be Completed . "
1773 " to be levied for finishing the church yeard dyke of kilchoman and the remainder [of that] to be applied towards building the church yeard dyke of kildalton with future collections , till the same be completed . "

325 0 0 The Chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 Kildaltan Schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 To repairing of the meeting-house at Lagavullin 20 0 0 To collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 To Purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by Lagganlochan , standing on the lands of Knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt thereof 53 0 0 517 4 0 Which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .
325 0 0 the chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 kildaltan schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 to repairing of the meeting-house at lagavullin 20 0 0 to collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 to purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by lagganlochan , standing on the lands of knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt [of that] 53 0 0 517 4 0 which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .

Doctor Robertson , & Lagganlochan shall direct And the Expence thereof to be payd out of the overplus sum stented as King 's Cess , above what ought to be stented as King 's Cess for this year and Last year . ``
doctor robertson , & lagganlochan shall direct and the expence [of that] to be payd out of the overplus sum stented as king 's cess , above what ought to be stented as king 's cess for this year and last year . ``

1773 " To be levied for finishing the Church yeard Dyke of Kilchoman and the Remainder thereof to be applied towards building the Church yeard Dyke of Kildalton with future collections , till the same be Completed . "
1773 " to be levied for finishing the church yeard dyke of kilchoman and the remainder [of that] to be applied towards building the church yeard dyke of kildalton with future collections , till the same be completed . "

That such Yearn shall be Confiscatted — And the Partys havers thereof fined in such sum as the Baillie of Isla shall see Cause .
that such yearn shall be confiscatted — and the partys havers [of that] fined in such sum as the baillie of isla shall see cause .

" … the Church Yard of Kilmeny is quite open , never having been Inclosed. & that besides the Indecency thereof , the Grave Stones are much Injured by Horses and Cattle pasturing thereon … " ask for an estimate for building a stone wall .
" … the church yard of kilmeny is quite open , never having been inclosed. & that besides the indecency [of that] , the grave stones are much injured by horses and cattle pasturing thereon … " ask for an estimate for building a stone wall .

Once you have established ‘ max.flash ’ you can use all of this flash time or smaller parts thereof .
once you have established ‘ max.flash ’ you can use all of this flash time or smaller parts [of that] .

‘ 4 . Is there any distinction to be drawn between the words required to be spoken by a constable ( a ) acting pursuant to section 7(3) of the Act and ( b ) acting pursuant to section 8(2) thereof , after the suspect has been told , in the latter case , of his right to claim that the breath specimen taken from him should be replaced by a blood or urine specimen ?
‘ 4 . is there any distinction to be drawn between the words required to be spoken by a constable ( a ) acting pursuant to section 7(3) of the act and ( b ) acting pursuant to section 8(2) [of that] , after the suspect has been told , in the latter case , of his right to claim that the breath specimen taken from him should be replaced by a blood or urine specimen ?

‘ Any party who seeks to charge an accounting party with an amount beyond that which he has by his account admitted to have received or who alleges that any item in his account is erroneous in respect of amount or in any other respect must give him notice thereof stating , so far as he is able , the amount sought to be charged with brief particulars thereof or , as the case may be , the grounds for alleging that the item is erroneous .
‘ any party who seeks to charge an accounting party with an amount beyond that which he has by his account admitted to have received or who alleges that any item in his account is erroneous in respect of amount or in any other respect must give him notice [of that] stating , so far as he is able , the amount sought to be charged with brief particulars [of that] or , as the case may be , the grounds for alleging that the item is erroneous .

In addition , the notice of objection stated that in respect of any sum properly chargeable to the plaintiffs , i.e. any sum in respect of which objection number 4 could not be maintained , the plaintiffs required ‘ taxation as to the amount thereof and/or that such be referred to the inquiry directed by Chief Master Munrow in the said order . ’
in addition , the notice of objection stated that in respect of any sum properly chargeable to the plaintiffs , i.e. any sum in respect of which objection number 4 could not be maintained , the plaintiffs required ‘ taxation as to the amount [of that] and/or that such be referred to the inquiry directed by chief master munrow in the said order . ’

Clause 7 thereof gave power to the first defendant , inter alia , to ‘ determine the remuneration of the receiver .
clause 7 [of that] gave power to the first defendant , inter alia , to ‘ determine the remuneration of the receiver .

‘ All costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …
‘ all costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part [of that] would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …

for the taxing master to decide what amount is recoverable in respect thereof .
for the taxing master to decide what amount is recoverable in respect [of that] .

( 3 ) That on the taking of the said accounts and inquiry costs of and incidental to proceedings on an indemnity basis are not to be disallowed on the ground that an order has already been made for costs of and incidental to those proceedings to be taxed on a standard basis unless it should appear that in making the said order the court intended thereby to deprive the defendants of the right to add those costs or some part thereof to the mortgage security .
( 3 ) that on the taking of the said accounts and inquiry costs of and incidental to proceedings on an indemnity basis are not to be disallowed on the ground that an order has already been made for costs of and incidental to those proceedings to be taxed on a standard basis unless it should appear that in making the said order the court intended thereby to deprive the defendants of the right to add those costs or some part [of that] to the mortgage security .

… ( 5 ) The registrar shall obey the order of any competent court in relation to any registered land on being served with the order or an official copy thereof .
… ( 5 ) the registrar shall obey the order of any competent court in relation to any registered land on being served with the order or an official copy [of that] .

Section 39 is not itself a legislative provision , so the issue is whether Parliament intended by the legislation conferring such powers on the Bank of England that a section 39 notice should revoke or vary an injunction , or permit a party subject to the injunction to act in apparent breach thereof without attracting the sanctions of contempt of court .
section 39 is not itself a legislative provision , so the issue is whether parliament intended by the legislation conferring such powers on the bank of england that a section 39 notice should revoke or vary an injunction , or permit a party subject to the injunction to act in apparent breach [of that] without attracting the sanctions of contempt of court .

‘ The purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .
‘ the purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect [of that] .

‘ provided that … the rights of non-member countries are not involved , a member state can not rely on the provisions of a pre-existing convention of that kind in order to justify restrictions on the marketing of products coming from another member state where the marketing thereof is lawful by virtue of the free movement of goods provided for by the Treaty .
‘ provided that … the rights of non-member countries are not involved , a member state can not rely on the provisions of a pre-existing convention of that kind in order to justify restrictions on the marketing of products coming from another member state where the marketing [of that] is lawful by virtue of the free movement of goods provided for by the treaty .

‘ where it is shown to the satisfaction of a rating authority that any amount paid in respect of rates , and not recoverable apart from this section , could properly be refunded on the ground that … ( e ) the person who made a payment in respect of rates was not liable to make that payment , the rating authority may refund that amount or a part thereof .
‘ where it is shown to the satisfaction of a rating authority that any amount paid in respect of rates , and not recoverable apart from this section , could properly be refunded on the ground that … ( e ) the person who made a payment in respect of rates was not liable to make that payment , the rating authority may refund that amount or a part [of that] .

‘ After the date of the publication of a complete specification and until the sealing of a patent in respect thereof , the applicant shall have the like privileges and rights as if a patent for the invention had been sealed on the date of the publication of the complete specification : Provided that an applicant shall not be entitled to institute any proceedings for infringement until the patent has been sealed .
‘ after the date of the publication of a complete specification and until the sealing of a patent in respect [of that] , the applicant shall have the like privileges and rights as if a patent for the invention had been sealed on the date of the publication of the complete specification : provided that an applicant shall not be entitled to institute any proceedings for infringement until the patent has been sealed .

‘ It shall be the duty of every local authority to enforce within their district the provisions of this Act and of the orders made under those provisions , and for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions and such orders as aforesaid as may be necessary to secure observance thereof .
‘ it shall be the duty of every local authority to enforce within their district the provisions of this act and of the orders made under those provisions , and for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions and such orders as aforesaid as may be necessary to secure observance [of that] .

Under section 71 ( 1 ) of the Act , it is the duty of each local authority to enforce within its district the provisions of the Act and ‘ for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions … as may be necessary to secure observance thereof .
under section 71 ( 1 ) of the act , it is the duty of each local authority to enforce within its district the provisions of the act and ‘ for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions … as may be necessary to secure observance [of that] .

Adopting this approach what emerges is that the taxpayer , a Hong Kong based company , carrying on business in Hong Kong , having acquired films and rights of exhibition thereof , exploited those rights by granting sub-licences to overseas customers .
adopting this approach what emerges is that the taxpayer , a hong kong based company , carrying on business in hong kong , having acquired films and rights of exhibition [of that] , exploited those rights by granting sub-licences to overseas customers .

If there is a serious possibility that the debtor 's property or the value thereof will be significantly diminished during the three week period after service of a statutory demand , a petition may be presented to the court before the end of the three week period ( s 270 ) .
if there is a serious possibility that the debtor 's property or the value [of that] will be significantly diminished during the three week period after service of a statutory demand , a petition may be presented to the court before the end of the three week period ( s 270 ) .

( 3 ) The council of any district or islands area may from time to time determine whether the district or area shall be divided ( or continue to be divided ) into licensing divisions for the purposes of this Act , and such a council shall , on making a determination under this subsection , forthwith notify the Secretary of State of such determination and cause notice thereof to be published in two successive weeks in one or more newspapers circulating in the district or area .
( 3 ) the council of any district or islands area may from time to time determine whether the district or area shall be divided ( or continue to be divided ) into licensing divisions for the purposes of this act , and such a council shall , on making a determination under this subsection , forthwith notify the secretary of state of such determination and cause notice [of that] to be published in two successive weeks in one or more newspapers circulating in the district or area .

Provided that at a meeting of a licensing board the chairman shall not have a second or casting vote on an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , and such an application shall be granted by the board only by a majority of the members thereof present and voting .
provided that at a meeting of a licensing board the chairman shall not have a second or casting vote on an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , and such an application shall be granted by the board only by a majority of the members [of that] present and voting .

that the premises in respect of which the grant was made have been completed in accordance with the plan thereof lodged with the board , or ( b ) that the premises have been completed and that such deviations from the said plan as exist are of minor importance and have not materially altered the character of the premises or the facilities for the supply of alcoholic liquor thereat .
that the premises in respect of which the grant was made have been completed in accordance with the plan [of that] lodged with the board , or ( b ) that the premises have been completed and that such deviations from the said plan as exist are of minor importance and have not materially altered the character of the premises or the facilities for the supply of alcoholic liquor thereat .

Where the licensing board decides to hold a hearing as mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above : ( a ) the clerk of the board shall serve on the holder of the licence , not less than 21 days before the hearing , a notice that the board proposes to hold a hearing , specifying the complaint and the grounds upon which suspension of the licence is sought ; ( b ) the clerk of the board shall give notice of the hearing to the complainer ; ( c ) any person or body mentioned in section 16(1) of this Act may , not less than 7 days before the hearing , lodge notice with the clerk of the board that he or it wishes to be heard in support of suspension of the licence specifying the grounds on which he or it seeks such suspension , an any such notice shall be intimated by such person to the holder of the licence ; ( d ) the board shall not order suspension of a licence without hearing the holder thereof unless after receiving due notice of the hearing the holder fails to appear .
where the licensing board decides to hold a hearing as mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above : ( a ) the clerk of the board shall serve on the holder of the licence , not less than 21 days before the hearing , a notice that the board proposes to hold a hearing , specifying the complaint and the grounds upon which suspension of the licence is sought ; ( b ) the clerk of the board shall give notice of the hearing to the complainer ; ( c ) any person or body mentioned in section 16(1) of this act may , not less than 7 days before the hearing , lodge notice with the clerk of the board that he or it wishes to be heard in support of suspension of the licence specifying the grounds on which he or it seeks such suspension , an any such notice shall be intimated by such person to the holder of the licence ; ( d ) the board shall not order suspension of a licence without hearing the holder [of that] unless after receiving due notice of the hearing the holder fails to appear .

( 3 ) On an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .
( 3 ) on an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice [of that] to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy [of that] to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .

( 2 ) While this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below , the permitted hours in those premises in the afternoon shall be increased by the addition of one and a half hours at the end thereof .
( 2 ) while this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below , the permitted hours in those premises in the afternoon shall be increased by the addition of one and a half hours at the end [of that] .

( 2 ) While this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below the permitted hours in those premises in the evening shall be increased by the addition of two hours at the end thereof .
( 2 ) while this section applies to any premises , the effect shall be that for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) below the permitted hours in those premises in the evening shall be increased by the addition of two hours at the end [of that] .

The traditional position was that the courts would control the existence and extent of prerogative power , but not the manner of exercise thereof .
the traditional position was that the courts would control the existence and extent of prerogative power , but not the manner of exercise [of that] .

How many fields , hedges and stiles were needed , what thickness thereof , to separate one from getting mixed into two ?
how many fields , hedges and stiles were needed , what thickness [of that] , to separate one from getting mixed into two ?

In a rare occurrence , the accounts of Boswell and Johnson overlap on this Saturday , on the matter of ‘ Muck ’ , the laird thereof .
in a rare occurrence , the accounts of boswell and johnson overlap on this saturday , on the matter of ‘ muck ’ , the laird [of that] .

Preaching to the converted , he said that credit was the best indicator of forthcoming recession , or the end thereof .
preaching to the converted , he said that credit was the best indicator of forthcoming recession , or the end [of that] .

Sufficient unto the day was the evil thereof , and he had considerable confidence in his own ingenuity .
sufficient unto the day was the evil [of that] , and he had considerable confidence in his own ingenuity .

In witness thereof We have caused these our letters to be made patent .
in witness [of that] we have caused these our letters to be made patent .

— Wood , paper , natural fibre , cloth , or products thereof , containing no more than a negligible amount of plastics in the product or packaging .
— wood , paper , natural fibre , cloth , or products [of that] , containing no more than a negligible amount of plastics in the product or packaging .

Measured in points or fractions thereof .
measured in points or fractions [of that] .

When her son Henry , another court musician , died in 1633 , his widow petitioned to get their four-year-old son , Henry , Emilia 's grandson , trained in music , ‘ as soon as he shall be capable thereof ’ .
when her son henry , another court musician , died in 1633 , his widow petitioned to get their four-year-old son , henry , emilia 's grandson , trained in music , ‘ as soon as he shall be capable [of that] ’ .

‘ Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community , and in particular Articles 99 and 100 thereof , Having regard to the proposal from the Commission , Having regard to the opinion of the European Parliament , Having regard to the opinion of the Economic and Social Committee . ’
‘ having regard to the treaty establishing the european economic community , and in particular articles 99 and 100 [of that] , having regard to the proposal from the commission , having regard to the opinion of the european parliament , having regard to the opinion of the economic and social committee . ’

They shall enter into force on the date specified in them or , in the absence thereof , on the twentieth day following their publication .
they shall enter into force on the date specified in them or , in the absence [of that] , on the twentieth day following their publication .

Finally , every provision of Community law must be placed in its context and interpreted in the light of the provisions of Community law as a whole , regard being had to the objectives thereof and to its state of evolution at the date on which the provision in question is to be applied .
finally , every provision of community law must be placed in its context and interpreted in the light of the provisions of community law as a whole , regard being had to the objectives [of that] and to its state of evolution at the date on which the provision in question is to be applied .

( 2 ) Sexual Assaults Involving Bodily Harm , Weapons or Third Parties 246.2 Every one who , in committing a sexual assault , ( a ) carries , uses or threatens to use a weapon or an imitation thereof , ( b ) threatens to cause bodily harm to a person other than the complainant , ( c ) causes bodily harm to the complainant , or ( d ) is a party to the offence with any other person , is guilty of an indictable offence and is liable to imprisonment for fourteen years .
( 2 ) sexual assaults involving bodily harm , weapons or third parties 246.2 every one who , in committing a sexual assault , ( a ) carries , uses or threatens to use a weapon or an imitation [of that] , ( b ) threatens to cause bodily harm to a person other than the complainant , ( c ) causes bodily harm to the complainant , or ( d ) is a party to the offence with any other person , is guilty of an indictable offence and is liable to imprisonment for fourteen years .

In the event of any dispute or difference between the parties hereto concerning any matter of thing arising under this agreement such dispute or difference shall be referred to an independent surveyor agreed between the parties hereto or in default of agreement to a surveyor appointed for the purpose on the application of either party by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors who shall act as an arbitrator pursuant to the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 or any statutory re-enactment thereof for the time being in force
in the event of any dispute or difference between the parties hereto concerning any matter of thing arising under this agreement such dispute or difference shall be referred to an independent surveyor agreed between the parties hereto or in default of agreement to a surveyor appointed for the purpose on the application of either party by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors who shall act as an arbitrator pursuant to the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 or any statutory re-enactment [of that] for the time being in force

It should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .
it should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the landlord and tenant act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part [of that] without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .

6.2 Services To observe and perform [ its ] obligations contained in the sixth Schedule There should be a landlord 's covenant to carry out the services and this covenant should not be qualified by a condition that the landlord 's covenant is subject to the tenant having paid the service charge in respect thereof .
6.2 services to observe and perform [ its ] obligations contained in the sixth schedule there should be a landlord 's covenant to carry out the services and this covenant should not be qualified by a condition that the landlord 's covenant is subject to the tenant having paid the service charge in respect [of that] .

The clause could be amended to read as follows : The Landlord covenants with the Tenant to insure the Centre and all parts thereof except during such periods as the insurance shall be rendered ineffectual or avoided by any act of the Tenant
the clause could be amended to read as follows : the landlord covenants with the tenant to insure the centre and all parts [of that] except during such periods as the insurance shall be rendered ineffectual or avoided by any act of the tenant

7.6.1.1 the Centre or any part thereof or its essential accesses or services are damaged or destroyed by any of the Insured Risks and
7.6.1.1 the centre or any part [of that] or its essential accesses or services are damaged or destroyed by any of the insured risks and

4 Scaffolding The right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the Centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre ] notwithstanding that such scaffolding may temporarily restrict the access to or use and enjoyment of the Premises This right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from Owen v Gadd where the Court of Appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . It is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : The right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if applicable ) of the Premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the Premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the Premises by customers or other persons entering the Premises or in connection with the servicing thereof
4 scaffolding the right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre ] notwithstanding that such scaffolding may temporarily restrict the access to or use and enjoyment of the premises this right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from owen v gadd where the court of appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . it is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : the right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if applicable ) of the premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the premises by customers or other persons entering the premises or in connection with the servicing [of that]

If there is a positive covenant , not only should this be referred to but also the buyer should be required to enter into an indemnity covenant in the conveyance to him or her in respect of the future observance thereof .
if there is a positive covenant , not only should this be referred to but also the buyer should be required to enter into an indemnity covenant in the conveyance to him or her in respect of the future observance [of that] .

Be careful to ensure that all the original deeds , or examined copies or abstracts thereof , will be handed over , or yourself be very thorough in examining the title , because the Registry normally requires all copies or abstracts to be marked as examined against the original ( including photocopies ) .
be careful to ensure that all the original deeds , or examined copies or abstracts [of that] , will be handed over , or yourself be very thorough in examining the title , because the registry normally requires all copies or abstracts to be marked as examined against the original ( including photocopies ) .

But it 's s70(1) ( g ) that 's the nightmare of conveyancers : The rights of every person in actual occupation of the land or in receipt of the rents and profits thereof save where enquiry is made of such person and the rights are not disclosed .
but it 's s70(1) ( g ) that 's the nightmare of conveyancers : the rights of every person in actual occupation of the land or in receipt of the rents and profits [of that] save where enquiry is made of such person and the rights are not disclosed .

The application to register is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract thereof ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a registered charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .
the application to register is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract [of that] ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a registered charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .

They are defined by the Land Registration Act 1925 , s3 ( b ) as : The interests not capable of being disposed of or created by registered dispositions and capable of being overridden ( whether or not a purchaser has notice thereof ) by the proprietor unless protected as provided by the Act .
they are defined by the land registration act 1925 , s3 ( b ) as : the interests not capable of being disposed of or created by registered dispositions and capable of being overridden ( whether or not a purchaser has notice [of that] ) by the proprietor unless protected as provided by the act .

The most common error by solicitors concerns the incorrect calculation of fees , and the following also appear frequently : ( 1 ) Failure to sign certified copies ; ( 2 ) Failure to sign application forms ; ( 3 ) Using a facsimile signature on application forms ; ( 4 ) Leaving uncompleted spaces in building society and other mortgages ; ( 5 ) Failure to include , on application for first registration , a land charges search against the seller ; ( 6 ) Failure to lodge a probate or letters of administration , or to mark the abstract thereof as examined .
the most common error by solicitors concerns the incorrect calculation of fees , and the following also appear frequently : ( 1 ) failure to sign certified copies ; ( 2 ) failure to sign application forms ; ( 3 ) using a facsimile signature on application forms ; ( 4 ) leaving uncompleted spaces in building society and other mortgages ; ( 5 ) failure to include , on application for first registration , a land charges search against the seller ; ( 6 ) failure to lodge a probate or letters of administration , or to mark the abstract [of that] as examined .

When personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof thereof and of the death of the registered proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the grant of probate or letters of administration certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .
when personal representatives sell without first effecting registration of their title , proof [of that] and of the death of the registered proprietor must of course be lodged : a copy of the grant of probate or letters of administration certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancers ( when acting for a buyer you should make this requirement the subject of one of your requisitions on title ) is sufficient evidence .

The sophistication of this turn is indicated in its formal lexicon and its syntactic and semantic complexities ( both visible when he reverses Wittgenstein 's famous statement to produce his own aphorism , `` Whereof we can not speak , thereof we are by no means silent `` ) but he uses this complexity deliberately to obfuscate the sense of his utterance and to enable a swift escape to the World Cup qualifier .
the sophistication of this turn is indicated in its formal lexicon and its syntactic and semantic complexities ( both visible when he reverses wittgenstein 's famous statement to produce his own aphorism , `` whereof we can not speak , [of that] we are by no means silent `` ) but he uses this complexity deliberately to obfuscate the sense of his utterance and to enable a swift escape to the world cup qualifier .

The trustees ' expenses and proper management fees , therefore , are paid out of the income of the trust taxed at the basic rate , and no relief can be claimed by the trustees or beneficiaries in respect thereof .
the trustees ' expenses and proper management fees , therefore , are paid out of the income of the trust taxed at the basic rate , and no relief can be claimed by the trustees or beneficiaries in respect [of that] .

Similarly , the possible charge with respect to the free user of chattels may be based on the " rental " which does not have to be paid by the beneficiary for the use thereof .
similarly , the possible charge with respect to the free user of chattels may be based on the " rental " which does not have to be paid by the beneficiary for the use [of that] .

In respect of registered leaseholds s24 of the Land Registration Act 1925 implies on a transfer similar covenants to those in unregistered conveyancing , namely that the transferor has paid the rent and observed and performed the covenants of the lease and that the transferee will pay future rent , observe and perform the leasehold covenants and keep the transferor indemnified in respect thereof .
in respect of registered leaseholds s24 of the land registration act 1925 implies on a transfer similar covenants to those in unregistered conveyancing , namely that the transferor has paid the rent and observed and performed the covenants of the lease and that the transferee will pay future rent , observe and perform the leasehold covenants and keep the transferor indemnified in respect [of that] .

The entry will be placed on the Proprietorship Register and will read : Note : The transfer to the proprietor contains a covenant by her with [ Husband ] to pay the monies secured by Charge No 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect thereof .
the entry will be placed on the proprietorship register and will read : note : the transfer to the proprietor contains a covenant by her with [ husband ] to pay the monies secured by charge no 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect [of that] .

Alternatively , there can be a conveyance between the husband and the wife to which the first mortgagee is a party ( as above ) and a deed of covenant from the wife in favour of the second mortgagee to observe and perform the terms of the second mortgage , containing an indemnity in favour of the husband in respect thereof .
alternatively , there can be a conveyance between the husband and the wife to which the first mortgagee is a party ( as above ) and a deed of covenant from the wife in favour of the second mortgagee to observe and perform the terms of the second mortgage , containing an indemnity in favour of the husband in respect [of that] .

The court may order the husband to convey or transfer his interest in the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : It is ordered that the Respondent shall transfer to the Petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this Order all his estate and interest in the property 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre [ subject to the existing Mortgage to the Blackacre Building Society , the Petitioner indemnifying the Respondent against all claims in respect thereof ] .
the court may order the husband to convey or transfer his interest in the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : it is ordered that the respondent shall transfer to the petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this order all his estate and interest in the property 1 blackacre drive , blackacre [ subject to the existing mortgage to the blackacre building society , the petitioner indemnifying the respondent against all claims in respect [of that] ] .

As the property was purchased jointly for the husband and the wife , it would seem unreasonable for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title and investigation thereof .
as the property was purchased jointly for the husband and the wife , it would seem unreasonable for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title and investigation [of that] .

In such case there will be a conveyance or transfer to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage with the husband taking an indemnity in respect thereof from the wife .
in such case there will be a conveyance or transfer to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage with the husband taking an indemnity in respect [of that] from the wife .

( b ) Completion of the abstract In those cases where it is recited that the wife has married the new husband , a marked copy of the marriage certificate or marked abstract thereof should be placed with the title documents ( Precedents 34 and 38 ) .
( b ) completion of the abstract in those cases where it is recited that the wife has married the new husband , a marked copy of the marriage certificate or marked abstract [of that] should be placed with the title documents ( precedents 34 and 38 ) .

Thus , if the house has to be conveyed or transferred to the husband and the wife as trustees , the building society will probably require the wife to covenant with the society in respect of the mortgage and the wife will require an indemnity from the husband in respect thereof .
thus , if the house has to be conveyed or transferred to the husband and the wife as trustees , the building society will probably require the wife to covenant with the society in respect of the mortgage and the wife will require an indemnity from the husband in respect [of that] .

( a ) Stamp duty Because it is considered that a settlement is created by each of the transactions contemplated in this chapter ( see p99 ) the documents concerned should be lodged ( together with a copy thereof ) for adjudication .
( a ) stamp duty because it is considered that a settlement is created by each of the transactions contemplated in this chapter ( see p99 ) the documents concerned should be lodged ( together with a copy [of that] ) for adjudication .

The pursuit and acquisition thereof .
the pursuit and acquisition [of that] .

If the address for service by the bailiff is not within the district of the court issuing the summons , or within five hundred yards thereof , the issuing court must send the summons to the court within the district for which the address for service is situated for personal service to be effected by that court ( Ord 7 , r 7 ) .
if the address for service by the bailiff is not within the district of the court issuing the summons , or within five hundred yards [of that] , the issuing court must send the summons to the court within the district for which the address for service is situated for personal service to be effected by that court ( ord 7 , r 7 ) .

( 7 ) Where the proper officer fixes a day for the hearing , he shall give not less than 21 days ' notice thereof to every party .
( 7 ) where the proper officer fixes a day for the hearing , he shall give not less than 21 days ' notice [of that] to every party .

The court then fixes a pre-trial review , giving notice to the plaintiff and defendant and endorsing notice thereof on the third party notice .
the court then fixes a pre-trial review , giving notice to the plaintiff and defendant and endorsing notice [of that] on the third party notice .

It may well be necessary at the time of ordering a reference to a referee to agree the limits of his remuneration and to undertake to make payment thereof when called upon ; the district judge is required when the report is filed to fix the remuneration of the referee , unless it has been agreed ( Ord 19 , r 9(g) ( ii ) ) .
it may well be necessary at the time of ordering a reference to a referee to agree the limits of his remuneration and to undertake to make payment [of that] when called upon ; the district judge is required when the report is filed to fix the remuneration of the referee , unless it has been agreed ( ord 19 , r 9(g) ( ii ) ) .

( 1 ) In the case of an agreement made on 18 May , 1985 or earlier — The court has power to vary orders and suspend warrants for delivery of goods made under the Hire-Purchase Act 1965 pursuant to s 39 thereof where a suspended order was made .
( 1 ) in the case of an agreement made on 18 may , 1985 or earlier — the court has power to vary orders and suspend warrants for delivery of goods made under the hire-purchase act 1965 pursuant to s 39 [of that] where a suspended order was made .

As long as the seller can not assign the contract itself , he should be free to deal with the benefit thereof ( ie the resulting revenue stream and book debts ) as he sees fit .
as long as the seller can not assign the contract itself , he should be free to deal with the benefit [of that] ( ie the resulting revenue stream and book debts ) as he sees fit .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , in no circumstances shall the Seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .
subject to condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these conditions ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , in no circumstances shall the seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause [of that] , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .

Furthermore , if by the nature of the goods and/or the work , any defects therein or any failure thereof to conform as aforesaid does not or would not become apparent ( despite the carrying out of any examination and/or such tests ) until after use we may reject the same even after a reasonable period of use .
furthermore , if by the nature of the goods and/or the work , any defects therein or any failure [of that] to conform as aforesaid does not or would not become apparent ( despite the carrying out of any examination and/or such tests ) until after use we may reject the same even after a reasonable period of use .

9.1 You may not assign or transfer this order or part thereof to any other person without our written consent .
9.1 you may not assign or transfer this order or part [of that] to any other person without our written consent .

9.2 You may not , without our written consent , sub-contract this order or part thereof , other than for materials , minor details , or for any part of the goods in respect of which the makers are specified overleaf , or to the extent to which sub-contracting is a trade custom in relation to the subject matter of the order .
9.2 you may not , without our written consent , sub-contract this order or part [of that] , other than for materials , minor details , or for any part of the goods in respect of which the makers are specified overleaf , or to the extent to which sub-contracting is a trade custom in relation to the subject matter of the order .

10.2 Subject to Condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with Conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .
10.2 subject to condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account [of that] , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .

But no such agreement will be binding on third parties save to the extent that they have knowledge thereof .
but no such agreement will be binding on third parties save to the extent that they have knowledge [of that] .

( 2 ) Provided that where by the partnership contract an option is given to surviving or continuing partners to purchase the interest of a deceased or outgoing partner , and that option is duly exercised , the estate of the deceased partner , or the outgoing partner or his estate , as the case may be , is not entitled to any further or other share of profits ; but if any partner assuming to act in exercise of the option does not in all material respects comply with the terms thereof , he is liable to account under the foregoing provisions of this section .
( 2 ) provided that where by the partnership contract an option is given to surviving or continuing partners to purchase the interest of a deceased or outgoing partner , and that option is duly exercised , the estate of the deceased partner , or the outgoing partner or his estate , as the case may be , is not entitled to any further or other share of profits ; but if any partner assuming to act in exercise of the option does not in all material respects comply with the terms [of that] , he is liable to account under the foregoing provisions of this section .

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement permitted by regulations the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement [of that] example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

Biotechnology is `` the integrated use of biochemistry , microbiology and engineering sciences in order to achieve the technological ( industrial ) application of the capabilities of micro-organisms , cultured tissue cells , and parts thereof `` .
biotechnology is `` the integrated use of biochemistry , microbiology and engineering sciences in order to achieve the technological ( industrial ) application of the capabilities of micro-organisms , cultured tissue cells , and parts [of that] `` .

a great waste ground of four miles broad and more … and the side thereof that lieth towards England is the common pasture of the uttermost inhabited towns of England , and the side thereof towards Scotland is so wet a moss or marshy ground that it will neither bear corn nor serve for the pasture of any cattle , also their way scarcely any man pass over it .
a great waste ground of four miles broad and more … and the side [of that] that lieth towards england is the common pasture of the uttermost inhabited towns of england , and the side [of that] towards scotland is so wet a moss or marshy ground that it will neither bear corn nor serve for the pasture of any cattle , also their way scarcely any man pass over it .

Only after ‘ tedious battering the top thereof with pick-axes ’ did they eventually undermine two of its six sides bringing them down and leaving the tower in the state in which it is today .
only after ‘ tedious battering the top [of that] with pick-axes ’ did they eventually undermine two of its six sides bringing them down and leaving the tower in the state in which it is today .

The work of the former on jus cogens , the Draft Code of Offences against Mankind , and the concept of an international State crime and the consequences of the commission thereof all develop the concept of obligations owed to the international legal community , and possible third party responses to violation .
the work of the former on jus cogens , the draft code of offences against mankind , and the concept of an international state crime and the consequences of the commission [of that] all develop the concept of obligations owed to the international legal community , and possible third party responses to violation .

The Scholmaster thereof for the tyme beinge yelding and paying yearely unto my heires and some of Sixe shillings Eight pence Rente . ``
the scholmaster [of that] for the tyme beinge yelding and paying yearely unto my heires and some of sixe shillings eight pence rente . ``

That the Schools shall be conducted as heretofore on the principles of the Church of England , but not to the exclusion of the Children of Dissenters who desire to avail themselves thereof .
that the schools shall be conducted as heretofore on the principles of the church of england , but not to the exclusion of the children of dissenters who desire to avail themselves [of that] .

" They that go down to the sea in ships and occupy their business in great waters ; these men see the works of the Lord and his wonders in the deep … so when they cry unto the Lord in their trouble He delivereth them out of this distress . For He maketh the storm to cease so that the waves thereof are still … "
" they that go down to the sea in ships and occupy their business in great waters ; these men see the works of the lord and his wonders in the deep … so when they cry unto the lord in their trouble he delivereth them out of this distress . for he maketh the storm to cease so that the waves [of that] are still … "

In witness thereof , the parties sign this document , in duplicate originals , in the Spanish and English versions , both of equal validity , in the place and on the date indicated ‘ ut supra ’ .
in witness [of that] , the parties sign this document , in duplicate originals , in the spanish and english versions , both of equal validity , in the place and on the date indicated ‘ ut supra ’ .

This may be based on the core vocabulary , or a subset thereof .
this may be based on the core vocabulary , or a subset [of that] .

Each additional 10g or part thereof : 11p .
each additional 10g or part [of that] : 11p .

Each additional 10g or part thereof : 5p .
each additional 10g or part [of that] : 5p .

The term ‘ premises ’ as defined in Article 2(2) ‘ includes any place and , in particular , includes any vehicle , vessel , aircraft or hovercraft , any installation on land ( including the foreshore and other land intermittently covered by water ) , any offshore installation , and any other installation ( whether floating , or resting on the seabed or the subsoil thereof , or resting on other land covered with water or the subsoil thereof ) , and any tent or movable structure . ’
the term ‘ premises ’ as defined in article 2(2) ‘ includes any place and , in particular , includes any vehicle , vessel , aircraft or hovercraft , any installation on land ( including the foreshore and other land intermittently covered by water ) , any offshore installation , and any other installation ( whether floating , or resting on the seabed or the subsoil [of that] , or resting on other land covered with water or the subsoil [of that] ) , and any tent or movable structure . ’

‘ Nothing in the provisions of this Article shall be taken to require a person to repeat any testing , examination or research which has been carried out otherwise than by him or at his instance , in so far as it is reasonable for him to rely on the results thereof for the purposes of those provisions . ’
‘ nothing in the provisions of this article shall be taken to require a person to repeat any testing , examination or research which has been carried out otherwise than by him or at his instance , in so far as it is reasonable for him to rely on the results [of that] for the purposes of those provisions . ’

In the event of unemployment or disability : - a benefit equal to your monthly loan repayment , or proportion thereof .
in the event of unemployment or disability : - a benefit equal to your monthly loan repayment , or proportion [of that] .

These individual differences , rather than government interventions ( or the lack thereof ) , were in the author 's view the real causes of the changing face of French science .
these individual differences , rather than government interventions ( or the lack [of that] ) , were in the author 's view the real causes of the changing face of french science .

George Buchanan also contends that it is the people who are the ultimate source of the laws : `` the Law is more powerful than the King , and the People more powerful than the Law `` for `` the People is as it were the Parent of the Law , certainly the Author thereof . ``
george buchanan also contends that it is the people who are the ultimate source of the laws : `` the law is more powerful than the king , and the people more powerful than the law `` for `` the people is as it were the parent of the law , certainly the author [of that] . ``

, supply , the appropriation , receipt , custody , issue or audit of accounts of public money , the raising or guarantee of any loan or the repayment thereof , or subordinate matters incidental to any of the above topics .
, supply , the appropriation , receipt , custody , issue or audit of accounts of public money , the raising or guarantee of any loan or the repayment [of that] , or subordinate matters incidental to any of the above topics .

Samuel Taylor Coleridge had been reading Purchas 's His Pilgrimage after taking some opium : In Xamdu did Cublai Can build a stately palace , encompassing sixteene miles of plaine ground with a wall , wherein are fertile Meddowes , pleasant Springs , delightful Streames , and all sorts of beasts of chase and game , and in the middest thereof a sumptuous house of pleasure .
samuel taylor coleridge had been reading purchas 's his pilgrimage after taking some opium : in xamdu did cublai can build a stately palace , encompassing sixteene miles of plaine ground with a wall , wherein are fertile meddowes , pleasant springs , delightful streames , and all sorts of beasts of chase and game , and in the middest [of that] a sumptuous house of pleasure .

But these provisions are declared to be replaced by those of Article 15 of the Hague Convention if the document instituting the proceedings or notice thereof was transmitted abroad in accordance with that Convention .
but these provisions are declared to be replaced by those of article 15 of the hague convention if the document instituting the proceedings or notice [of that] was transmitted abroad in accordance with that convention .

in so far as this order purports to have any extraterritorial effect , no person shall be affected thereby or concerned with the terms thereof until it shall be declared enforceable or be enforced by a foreign court and then it shall only affect them to the extent of such declaration or enforcement unless they are :
in so far as this order purports to have any extraterritorial effect , no person shall be affected thereby or concerned with the terms [of that] until it shall be declared enforceable or be enforced by a foreign court and then it shall only affect them to the extent of such declaration or enforcement unless they are :

To sum up this section , it is argued that a purely economic approach can not provide a comprehensive treatment of financial market regulation , or any part thereof .
to sum up this section , it is argued that a purely economic approach can not provide a comprehensive treatment of financial market regulation , or any part [of that] .

The question of conflicts of interest and duty within financial conglomerates and the regulation thereof is not entirely academic .
the question of conflicts of interest and duty within financial conglomerates and the regulation [of that] is not entirely academic .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component [of that] .

The Corporation will indemnify the Policyholder against loss of or damage to any Caravan described in the Schedule its Equipment and Contents ( other than Personal Effects ) while therein or thereon or in the immediate vicinity thereof .
the corporation will indemnify the policyholder against loss of or damage to any caravan described in the schedule its equipment and contents ( other than personal effects ) while therein or thereon or in the immediate vicinity [of that] .

The Policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the Head Office or any Branch Office of the Corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident loss or damage with full particulars thereof .
the policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the head office or any branch office of the corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident loss or damage with full particulars [of that] .

The Corporation may at its own option repair reinstate or replace such motor car or any part thereof or its accessories or spare parts or may pay in cash the amount of the loss or damage .
the corporation may at its own option repair reinstate or replace such motor car or any part [of that] or its accessories or spare parts or may pay in cash the amount of the loss or damage .

The Policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the Corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident injury loss or damage with full particulars thereof .
the policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident injury loss or damage with full particulars [of that] .

The Corporation may cancel this Policy by sending seven days notice by registered letter to the Policyholder at his last known address and in such event will return to the Policyholder the premium less the pro rata portion thereof for the period the Policy has been in force or the Policy may be cancelled at any time by the Policyholder on seven days notice and ( provided no claim has arisen during the then current period of insurance ( subject to the relative International Motor Insurance Card ( Green Card ) being returned to the Corporation the Policyholder shall be entitled to a return of the premium less premium at the Corporations short period rates for the time the Policy has been in force calculated from the date upon which such Card is received by the Corporation .
the corporation may cancel this policy by sending seven days notice by registered letter to the policyholder at his last known address and in such event will return to the policyholder the premium less the pro rata portion [of that] for the period the policy has been in force or the policy may be cancelled at any time by the policyholder on seven days notice and ( provided no claim has arisen during the then current period of insurance ( subject to the relative international motor insurance card ( green card ) being returned to the corporation the policyholder shall be entitled to a return of the premium less premium at the corporations short period rates for the time the policy has been in force calculated from the date upon which such card is received by the corporation .

Where this Agreement provides that the loss or part thereof shall be borne by a party hereto , and the loss is paid by the other party hereto , the purposes of this Agreement shall be effected by reimbursement between such parties subject to the limits of the Policies issued by such parties .
where this agreement provides that the loss or part [of that] shall be borne by a party hereto , and the loss is paid by the other party hereto , the purposes of this agreement shall be effected by reimbursement between such parties subject to the limits of the policies issued by such parties .

It has been said that the Court should consider an interim sum ‘ which would alleviate or mitigate the sufferings or hardships of the pursuer as a result of the injuries during the interim period until the case is finally decided ’ but , more recently , some judges have been persuaded that there is no reason why the interim payment should be restricted to the period up to the date of Proof and that if some estimate of the full value of the claim can be made , the pursuer is entitled to receive a significant portion thereof .
it has been said that the court should consider an interim sum ‘ which would alleviate or mitigate the sufferings or hardships of the pursuer as a result of the injuries during the interim period until the case is finally decided ’ but , more recently , some judges have been persuaded that there is no reason why the interim payment should be restricted to the period up to the date of proof and that if some estimate of the full value of the claim can be made , the pursuer is entitled to receive a significant portion [of that] .

The incentive to settle any claim exists insofar as it takes one file more off the solicitor 's desk and from the client 's point of view , gives him his damages ( or a proportion thereof ) sooner than would be the case if he requires to proceed to Proof .
the incentive to settle any claim exists insofar as it takes one file more off the solicitor 's desk and from the client 's point of view , gives him his damages ( or a proportion [of that] ) sooner than would be the case if he requires to proceed to proof .

In the event that for whatever reason it has not proved possible to settle a claim either extrajudicially or by Tender well before the Proof , the defender should in any case in which he approaches Proof without wishing to contest on the merits , protect himself against the expenses thereof by Tender .
in the event that for whatever reason it has not proved possible to settle a claim either extrajudicially or by tender well before the proof , the defender should in any case in which he approaches proof without wishing to contest on the merits , protect himself against the expenses [of that] by tender .

He found the car keys and availed himself thereof .
he found the car keys and availed himself [of that] .

Note that the user can only be given privileges which you possess ( or a subset thereof ) .
note that the user can only be given privileges which you possess ( or a subset [of that] ) .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; ( * finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account [of that] , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the Accountant of Court a bond binding himself to lodge Accounts annually with the Accountant of Court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of Scotland ; to appear before the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the Court of Session for said purposes and to assign an address in Scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the accountant of court a bond binding himself to lodge accounts annually with the accountant of court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of scotland ; to appear before the lords of council and session in scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the court of session for said purposes and to assign an address in scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account [of that] , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

Recent valuations thereof
recent valuations [of that]

If at any time you should decide not to pursue your interest in [ name ] or upon request by [ selling agent ] or any one of the shareholders you will return promptly all material ( including any copies thereof ) received from [ selling agent ] or the shareholders , or any of their representatives .
if at any time you should decide not to pursue your interest in [ name ] or upon request by [ selling agent ] or any one of the shareholders you will return promptly all material ( including any copies [of that] ) received from [ selling agent ] or the shareholders , or any of their representatives .

Where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share thereof are to be included from the effective date of acquisition .
where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share [of that] are to be included from the effective date of acquisition .

Where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share thereof are to be included from the effective date of acquisition .
where subsidiary or associated undertakings are acquired during the year , their results or the group 's share [of that] are to be included from the effective date of acquisition .

No value shall be attributable to any intangible asset including but not limited to , goodwill , intellectual property rights , research and development expenditure , third party rights , customer contracts , computer software and hardware , assets located in the business which is to be closed , any assets with an original cost of less than £500 , books and records but full provision shall be made for all liabilities in respect thereof .
no value shall be attributable to any intangible asset including but not limited to , goodwill , intellectual property rights , research and development expenditure , third party rights , customer contracts , computer software and hardware , assets located in the business which is to be closed , any assets with an original cost of less than £500 , books and records but full provision shall be made for all liabilities in respect [of that] .

The Information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the Company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the Information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the Information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ Representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those Representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the Information and shall agree to be bound by this Agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this Agreement ) .
the information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the information or portions [of that] may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the information and shall agree to be bound by this agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this agreement ) .

You shall not be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement if you are compelled by law or any regulatory authority to disclose the Information or any part thereof .
you shall not be deemed to be in breach of this agreement if you are compelled by law or any regulatory authority to disclose the information or any part [of that] .

The debts shown in the Accounts relating to the Business ( less the amount of any provision or reserve calculated on the same basis as that applied in the corresponding accounts for the preceding three financial years ) were good and collectable in full in the ordinary course of business and have or will realise the net amount thereof .
the debts shown in the accounts relating to the business ( less the amount of any provision or reserve calculated on the same basis as that applied in the corresponding accounts for the preceding three financial years ) were good and collectable in full in the ordinary course of business and have or will realise the net amount [of that] .

The opening sequence ( 6Mb thereof !
the opening sequence ( 6mb [of that] !

To begin with , people thought that electric charges could be arbitrarily big or small , but Faraday made the crucial step of showing that charged atoms , or ions , are always associated with a fixed amount of charge or some multiple thereof , suggesting atoms of electric charge .
to begin with , people thought that electric charges could be arbitrarily big or small , but faraday made the crucial step of showing that charged atoms , or ions , are always associated with a fixed amount of charge or some multiple [of that] , suggesting atoms of electric charge .

But unless there have been marked changes over the past 30 years in insolation , the quantum efficiency of phytoplankton photosynthesis , or rates of nutrient supply , interannual changes or lack thereof , in chlorophyll ( which we inferred from interannual changes in Secchi depths ) will reflect interannual variations in primary production in the North Pacific or any other ocean basin .
but unless there have been marked changes over the past 30 years in insolation , the quantum efficiency of phytoplankton photosynthesis , or rates of nutrient supply , interannual changes or lack [of that] , in chlorophyll ( which we inferred from interannual changes in secchi depths ) will reflect interannual variations in primary production in the north pacific or any other ocean basin .

In the event of another company acquiring control of the Company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .
in the event of another company acquiring control of the company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent [of that] ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .

In the event of the name of a member nominated being on the official panel of available parliamentary candidates of an affiliated organisation the consent in writing of the Executive Committee thereof must also be obtained and sent in with the form of nomination .
in the event of the name of a member nominated being on the official panel of available parliamentary candidates of an affiliated organisation the consent in writing of the executive committee [of that] must also be obtained and sent in with the form of nomination .

‘ … And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was a delight to the eyes , and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof , and did eat ; and she gave also unto her husband with her , and he did eat … ’ And we all know what happened then — or do we ? Celia Kitzinger throws new light on an old story .
‘ … and when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was a delight to the eyes , and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit [of that] , and did eat ; and she gave also unto her husband with her , and he did eat … ’ and we all know what happened then — or do we ? celia kitzinger throws new light on an old story .

Resolved , That if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any Witness , in respect of his evidence to be given to this House , or any Committee thereof , or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing or giving evidence the same is declared to be a high crime and misdemeanour ; and this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender .
resolved , that if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any witness , in respect of his evidence to be given to this house , or any committee [of that] , or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing or giving evidence the same is declared to be a high crime and misdemeanour ; and this house will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender .

Resolved , That if it shall appear that any person hath given false evidence in any case before this House , or any Committee thereof , this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender .
resolved , that if it shall appear that any person hath given false evidence in any case before this house , or any committee [of that] , this house will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender .

Ordered , That the Votes and Proceedings of this House be printed , being first perused by Mr. Speaker ; and that he do appoint the printing thereof ; and that no person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the same .
ordered , that the votes and proceedings of this house be printed , being first perused by mr. speaker ; and that he do appoint the printing [of that] ; and that no person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the same .

Were it so again , that some little profit might be reaped … out of some of our playbooks , the benefit thereof will nothing near countervail the harm that the scandal will bring unto the library , when it shall be given out , that we stuff it full of baggage books .
were it so again , that some little profit might be reaped … out of some of our playbooks , the benefit [of that] will nothing near countervail the harm that the scandal will bring unto the library , when it shall be given out , that we stuff it full of baggage books .

‘ Where a person , having sold goods , continues , or is , in possession of the goods or of the documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer by that person , or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of the previous sale , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same . ’
‘ where a person , having sold goods , continues , or is , in possession of the goods or of the documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer by that person , or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title under any sale , pledge , or other disposition [of that] , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition [of that] , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of the previous sale , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same . ’

‘ Where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , obtains with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer , by that person or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’
‘ where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , obtains with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer , by that person or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition [of that] , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition [of that] , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’

Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof .
sufficient unto the day is the evil [of that] .

‘ Enough for the day is the evil thereof , friar .
‘ enough for the day is the evil [of that] , friar .

An act or forbearance of the one party , or the promise thereof , is the price for which the promise of the other is bought , and the promise thus given for value is enforceable .
an act or forbearance of the one party , or the promise [of that] , is the price for which the promise of the other is bought , and the promise thus given for value is enforceable .

, but wholly neglected and refused so to do , although a reasonable time for that purpose had elapsed before the commencement of this suit ; and , on the contrary thereof , defendant afterwards , to wit on , etc .
, but wholly neglected and refused so to do , although a reasonable time for that purpose had elapsed before the commencement of this suit ; and , on the contrary [of that] , defendant afterwards , to wit on , etc .

True , without error , certain and most true ; that which is above is as that which is below , and that which is below is as that which is above , for performing the miracles of the One Thing ; and as all things were from One , by the mediation of One , so all things arose from this One Thing by adaptation ; the father of it is the Sun , the mother of it is the Moon ; the wind carries it in its belly ; the nurse thereof is the Earth .
true , without error , certain and most true ; that which is above is as that which is below , and that which is below is as that which is above , for performing the miracles of the one thing ; and as all things were from one , by the mediation of one , so all things arose from this one thing by adaptation ; the father of it is the sun , the mother of it is the moon ; the wind carries it in its belly ; the nurse [of that] is the earth .

the westgate with part of the wall as far as particular upright stone in the said wall , between the said gates and the standing stile and steps belongs to Chew Stoke and is repaired by the parishioners thereof ; the other part home to the poor house is repaired by the parish of Chew Magna ; the east side is repaired and half of the wall and stile by the parish of Stowey ; the other by the parish of Norton … The north side is repaired by the parish of Dundry .
the westgate with part of the wall as far as particular upright stone in the said wall , between the said gates and the standing stile and steps belongs to chew stoke and is repaired by the parishioners [of that] ; the other part home to the poor house is repaired by the parish of chew magna ; the east side is repaired and half of the wall and stile by the parish of stowey ; the other by the parish of norton … the north side is repaired by the parish of dundry .

Do the union rules incorporate the principles of natural justice , so that a breach thereof brings the action with the Commissioner 's remit ?
do the union rules incorporate the principles of natural justice , so that a breach [of that] brings the action with the commissioner 's remit ?

: As a result of Act 1414/1984 , as construed in the light of Directive 76/207 , that is , in conformity with the wording and the spirit and purpose thereof , the employer is not allowed when announcing a public open competition for the hiring of personnel , to infringe the principle of sex equality with respect to either the means for attracting candidates or the criteria of their assessment .
: as a result of act 1414/1984 , as construed in the light of directive 76/207 , that is , in conformity with the wording and the spirit and purpose [of that] , the employer is not allowed when announcing a public open competition for the hiring of personnel , to infringe the principle of sex equality with respect to either the means for attracting candidates or the criteria of their assessment .

" Political union … The European Council considers that the Union should be based on the following principles … : full maintenance of the acquis communautaire and development thereof , a single institutional framework with procedures appropriate to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …
" political union … the european council considers that the union should be based on the following principles … : full maintenance of the acquis communautaire and development [of that] , a single institutional framework with procedures appropriate to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …

205. ( 1 ) ( ix ) Land includes … land of any tenure , and mines and minerals , whether or not held apart from the surface , buildings or parts of buildings ( whether the division is horizontal , vertical or made in any other way ) and other corporeal hereditaments ; also a manor , an advowson , and a rent and other incorporeal hereditament , and an easement , right , privilege , or benefit in , over , or derived from land ; but not an undivided share in land ; and " mines and minerals " include any strata or seam of minerals or substances in or under any land , and powers of working and getting the same but not an undivided share thereof ; and " manor " includes a lordship , and reputed manor or lordship ; and " hereditament " means any real property which on an intestacy occurring before the commencement of this Act might have devolved upon an heir …
205. ( 1 ) ( ix ) land includes … land of any tenure , and mines and minerals , whether or not held apart from the surface , buildings or parts of buildings ( whether the division is horizontal , vertical or made in any other way ) and other corporeal hereditaments ; also a manor , an advowson , and a rent and other incorporeal hereditament , and an easement , right , privilege , or benefit in , over , or derived from land ; but not an undivided share in land ; and " mines and minerals " include any strata or seam of minerals or substances in or under any land , and powers of working and getting the same but not an undivided share [of that] ; and " manor " includes a lordship , and reputed manor or lordship ; and " hereditament " means any real property which on an intestacy occurring before the commencement of this act might have devolved upon an heir …

( 2 ) Any person claiming to have acquired a title under the Limitation Acts to a registered estate in the land may apply to be registered as proprietor thereof .
( 2 ) any person claiming to have acquired a title under the limitation acts to a registered estate in the land may apply to be registered as proprietor [of that] .

205(1) ( xxvii ) " Term of years absolute " means a term of years ( taking effect either in possession or in reversion whether or not at a rent ) with or without impeachment for waste , subject or not to another legal estate , and either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , operation of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; but does not include any term of years determinable with life or lives or with the cesser of a determinable life interest , nor , if created after the commencement of this Act , a term of years which is not expressed to take <pb n=80 effect in possession within twenty-one years after the creation thereof where required by this Act to take effect within that period ; and in this definition the expression " term of years " includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year …
205(1) ( xxvii ) " term of years absolute " means a term of years ( taking effect either in possession or in reversion whether or not at a rent ) with or without impeachment for waste , subject or not to another legal estate , and either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , operation of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; but does not include any term of years determinable with life or lives or with the cesser of a determinable life interest , nor , if created after the commencement of this act , a term of years which is not expressed to take <pb n=80 effect in possession within twenty-one years after the creation [of that] where required by this act to take effect within that period ; and in this definition the expression " term of years " includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year …

( 2 ) If any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or attempts to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises .
( 2 ) if any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part [of that] , or attempts to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises .

( 3 ) If any person with intent to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( a ) to give up the occupation of the premises or any part thereof ; or
( 3 ) if any person with intent to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( a ) to give up the occupation of the premises or any part [of that] ; or

( b ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or part thereof ; does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( b ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or part [of that] ; does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 2 ) This section also applies if , at any time after 9th June 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default — ( a ) attempts unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part thereof , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a residence .
( 2 ) this section also applies if , at any time after 9th june 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default — ( a ) attempts unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part [of that] , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part [of that] , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a residence .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part [of that] without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

141 ( 1 ) Rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .
141 ( 1 ) rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter [of that] , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part [of that] , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .

142 ( 2 ) The obligation under a condition or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts thereof , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .
142 ( 2 ) the obligation under a condition or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts [of that] , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .

210 In all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .
210 in all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment [of that] , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part [of that] , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .

212 If the tenant or his assignee do or shall , at any time before the trial in such ejectment , pay or tender to the lessor or landlord , his executors or administrators , or his or their attorney in that cause , or pay into the court where the same cause is depending , all the rent and arrears , together with the costs , then and in such case all further proceedings on the said ejectment shall cease and be discontinued ; and if such lessee , his executors , administrators , or assigns , shall , upon such proceedings as aforesaid , be relieved in equity , he and they shall have , hold , and enjoy the demised lands , according to the lease thereof made , without any new lease .
212 if the tenant or his assignee do or shall , at any time before the trial in such ejectment , pay or tender to the lessor or landlord , his executors or administrators , or his or their attorney in that cause , or pay into the court where the same cause is depending , all the rent and arrears , together with the costs , then and in such case all further proceedings on the said ejectment shall cease and be discontinued ; and if such lessee , his executors , administrators , or assigns , shall , upon such proceedings as aforesaid , be relieved in equity , he and they shall have , hold , and enjoy the demised lands , according to the lease [of that] made , without any new lease .

( 4 ) Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .
( 4 ) where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part [of that] , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part [of that] in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .

It is conceded that in the notice given by the plaintiffs the defendant was not required to remedy the breach , nor was she required to make compensation in money in respect thereof .
it is conceded that in the notice given by the plaintiffs the defendant was not required to remedy the breach , nor was she required to make compensation in money in respect [of that] .

By s.5(4) : [ w ] here a person gets property by another 's mistake and is under an obligation to make restoration ( in whole or in part ) of the property or its proceeds or the value thereof , then to the extent of that obligation the property or proceeds shall be regarded ( as against him ) as belonging to the person entitled to restoration , and an intention not to make restoration shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive that person of the property or proceeds .
by s.5(4) : [ w ] here a person gets property by another 's mistake and is under an obligation to make restoration ( in whole or in part ) of the property or its proceeds or the value [of that] , then to the extent of that obligation the property or proceeds shall be regarded ( as against him ) as belonging to the person entitled to restoration , and an intention not to make restoration shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive that person of the property or proceeds .

Section 1 ( 1 ) provides : Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .
section 1 ( 1 ) provides : where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect [of that] shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .

( 5 ) In this Clause ‘ the Rules ’ means the Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules 1988 or any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force .
( 5 ) in this clause ‘ the rules ’ means the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules 1988 or any modification or re-enactment [of that] for the time being in force .

( 4 ) Any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the Directors who may allot , grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers thereof than the terms on which they were offered to the members .
( 4 ) any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the directors who may allot , grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers [of that] than the terms on which they were offered to the members .

Forthwith upon receipt of the certificate as to the Prescribed Price , the Company shall notify the Proposing Transferor thereof .
forthwith upon receipt of the certificate as to the prescribed price , the company shall notify the proposing transferor [of that] .

( 4 ) If the Company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the Proposing Transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the Prescribed Price , to transfer such Shares to the respective Purchasers thereof .
( 4 ) if the company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares concerned and shall give notice in writing [of that] to the proposing transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the prescribed price , to transfer such shares to the respective purchasers [of that] .

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application [of that] and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

I/We , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment thereof .
i/we , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment [of that] .

I/We , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment thereof .
i/we , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment [of that] .

( 5 ) In this Clause ‘ the Rules ’ means the Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules 1988 or any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force .
( 5 ) in this clause ‘ the rules ’ means the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules 1988 or any modification or re-enactment [of that] for the time being in force .

( 4 ) Any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the Directors who may allot , grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers thereof than the terms on which they were offered to the members .
( 4 ) any shares not accepted pursuant to such offer or further offer as aforesaid not including fractions unalloted shall be under the control of the directors who may allot , grant options over or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons who are qualified to be members on such terms and in such manner as they think fit , provided that such shares shall not be disposed of on terms which are more favourable to the subscribers [of that] than the terms on which they were offered to the members .

Forthwith upon receipt of the certificate as to the Prescribed Price , the Company shall notify the Proposing Transferor thereof .
forthwith upon receipt of the certificate as to the prescribed price , the company shall notify the proposing transferor [of that] .

( 4 ) If the Company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the Proposing Transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the Prescribed Price , to transfer such Shares to the respective Purchasers thereof .
( 4 ) if the company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares concerned and shall give notice in writing [of that] to the proposing transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the prescribed price , to transfer such shares to the respective purchasers [of that] .

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application [of that] and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

I/We , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment thereof .
i/we , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment [of that] .

I/We , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the Company or a recognised body which is a member of the Company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment thereof as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment thereof .
i/we , of , being a member/members of the above-named company , hereby appoint of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] , or failing him , of , being a solicitor/registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or who is working in the practice of either the company or a recognised body which is a member of the company at the time of the meeting or any adjournment [of that] as my/our proxy to vote in my/our name[s] and on my/our behalf at the annual/extraordinary general meeting of the company to be held on 19 , and at any adjournment [of that] .

Mark `` is defined by section 68 of the 1938 Act as including : a device , brand , heading , label , ticket , name , signature , word , letter , numeral or any combination thereof .
mark `` is defined by section 68 of the 1938 act as including : a device , brand , heading , label , ticket , name , signature , word , letter , numeral or any combination [of that] .

The income and property of the Society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the Object of the Society and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the Society , provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of remuneration to any officer , servant or member of the Society in return for Services actually rendered to the Society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the Society .
the income and property of the society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the object of the society and no portion [of that] shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the society , provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of remuneration to any officer , servant or member of the society in return for services actually rendered to the society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the society .

In each case , whether represented as a guess or as a known fact , the notion is seen as conditioned by a mental process or state which allows one to predicate it and so is represented as a consequence thereof by means of the to infinitive .
in each case , whether represented as a guess or as a known fact , the notion is seen as conditioned by a mental process or state which allows one to predicate it and so is represented as a consequence [of that] by means of the to infinitive .

To signifies this relation of subsequence in virtue of its potential meaning of a movement from one point in time to another and has been seen to give rise to two clearly identifiable actual meanings according to whether the speaker conceives the whole movement which to is capable of signifying or only the initial part thereof .
to signifies this relation of subsequence in virtue of its potential meaning of a movement from one point in time to another and has been seen to give rise to two clearly identifiable actual meanings according to whether the speaker conceives the whole movement which to is capable of signifying or only the initial part [of that] .

Since the notional content of adjectives , on the other hand , does not define the nature of their support but only a quality thereof they can be said to have external incidence .
since the notional content of adjectives , on the other hand , does not define the nature of their support but only a quality [of that] they can be said to have external incidence .

Remember the scripture — ‘ Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof .
remember the scripture — ‘ sufficient for the day is the evil [of that] .

As the Earl of Leicester is now dead , in whose keeping the King was by reason of the disturbance in the realm , and now by the favour of God the King is snatched out of his hands and raised again to his former estate , whereby with the common consent of the realm the King has caused all things attempted by the Earl for the diminution of the King 's right , honour and royal dignity to be revoked ; and whereas the forests north of Trent , which before the war in the time of the Earl were preserved whole and uninjured , have been disafforested and destroyed to the King 's disherison , the King commands the said Roger to re-afforest all the forests in his bailiwick as they were … before the war ; and if any part thereof ought of right to be disafforested , the King is prepared to do full justice .
as the earl of leicester is now dead , in whose keeping the king was by reason of the disturbance in the realm , and now by the favour of god the king is snatched out of his hands and raised again to his former estate , whereby with the common consent of the realm the king has caused all things attempted by the earl for the diminution of the king 's right , honour and royal dignity to be revoked ; and whereas the forests north of trent , which before the war in the time of the earl were preserved whole and uninjured , have been disafforested and destroyed to the king 's disherison , the king commands the said roger to re-afforest all the forests in his bailiwick as they were … before the war ; and if any part [of that] ought of right to be disafforested , the king is prepared to do full justice .

On 14 February 1637 , for example , he granted licence to Lady Mary Crane to cut down underwood in Stoke Park in Salcey Forest ‘ until she had made an agreement with His Majesty for the disafforestment thereof .
on 14 february 1637 , for example , he granted licence to lady mary crane to cut down underwood in stoke park in salcey forest ‘ until she had made an agreement with his majesty for the disafforestment [of that] .

These five people promised ‘ before the Majesty of God and his congregation to … maintain , set forward and establish the most blessed word of God and his Congregation … and forsake and renounce the congregation of Satan , with all the superstitions , abominations and idolatry thereof … ’ .
these five people promised ‘ before the majesty of god and his congregation to … maintain , set forward and establish the most blessed word of god and his congregation … and forsake and renounce the congregation of satan , with all the superstitions , abominations and idolatry [of that] … ’ .

in such a condition , there is no place for industry ; because the fruit thereof is uncertain : and consequently no culture of the earth ; no navigation , nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea ; no commodious buildings ; no instruments of moving , and removing , such things as require much force ; no knowledge of the face of the earth ; no account of time ; no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continual fear , and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short .
in such a condition , there is no place for industry ; because the fruit [of that] is uncertain : and consequently no culture of the earth ; no navigation , nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea ; no commodious buildings ; no instruments of moving , and removing , such things as require much force ; no knowledge of the face of the earth ; no account of time ; no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continual fear , and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short .

Berkeley remarks that the opinion that words like ‘ good ’ and ‘ happiness ’ ‘ stand for general notions abstracted from all particular persons and actions ’ has ‘ rendered morality difficult , and the study thereof of less use to mankind ’ .
berkeley remarks that the opinion that words like ‘ good ’ and ‘ happiness ’ ‘ stand for general notions abstracted from all particular persons and actions ’ has ‘ rendered morality difficult , and the study [of that] of less use to mankind ’ .

Your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part thereof ) of savings over £3,000 .
your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part [of that] ) of savings over £3,000 .

the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof .
the radioactive , toxic , explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component [of that] .

The scavenging of energy and the processing thereof is a complicated business .
the scavenging of energy and the processing [of that] is a complicated business .

They are frequently referred to as ‘ black bastards ’ , or some variant thereof , by young Protestant children .
they are frequently referred to as ‘ black bastards ’ , or some variant [of that] , by young protestant children .

( Sufficient unto each day the evil thereof . )
( sufficient unto each day the evil [of that] . )

possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this Act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under Her Majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the State his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the State , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …
possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under her majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the state his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the state , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal [of that] , or …

Uncritical testimonials to the postmodern 's attractions are ten a penny , and conservative denunciations thereof not much scarcer .
uncritical testimonials to the postmodern 's attractions are ten a penny , and conservative denunciations [of that] not much scarcer .

If the Jewish destiny , and the message thereof , concerned suffering , then it must be the duty of every comfortable Jew to fix up some for himself .
if the jewish destiny , and the message [of that] , concerned suffering , then it must be the duty of every comfortable jew to fix up some for himself .

With it has sprung a variety of names and product descriptions with some of the more common being ‘ germicidal detergent ’ ; ‘ detergent sanitiser ’ ; ‘ detergent sterilant ’ and the simple ‘ sterilant ’ These titles and any combination thereof all mean one thing namely a sanitiser .
with it has sprung a variety of names and product descriptions with some of the more common being ‘ germicidal detergent ’ ; ‘ detergent sanitiser ’ ; ‘ detergent sterilant ’ and the simple ‘ sterilant ’ these titles and any combination [of that] all mean one thing namely a sanitiser .

Your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part thereof ) of savings over £3,000 .
your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part [of that] ) of savings over £3,000 .

Your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part thereof ) of savings over £3,000 .
your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part [of that] ) of savings over £3,000 .

But when the King of Toledo heard of the hurt which he had received at the hands of the Cid , he sent to King Don Alfonso to complain thereof , and the King was greatly troubled .
but when the king of toledo heard of the hurt which he had received at the hands of the cid , he sent to king don alfonso to complain [of that] , and the king was greatly troubled .

And so great was the uproar and confusion , that few there were who took arms , but instead thereof they turned their backs and fled toward the sea .
and so great was the uproar and confusion , that few there were who took arms , but instead [of that] they turned their backs and fled toward the sea .

Local government districts ( or parts thereof ) in mountain regions where agriculture is disadvantaged by short growing seasons due to altitudes above 600–800 metres or slopes over 20% average gradient per km. & sup2 ; In combination , areas can qualify at lower altitude with less severe slopes .
local government districts ( or parts [of that] ) in mountain regions where agriculture is disadvantaged by short growing seasons due to altitudes above 600–800 metres or slopes over 20% average gradient per km. & sup2 ; in combination , areas can qualify at lower altitude with less severe slopes .

Bone fragments were recorded to the nearest 25 per cent of the original unbroken element or part thereof , and this enabled distinctions to be drawn between some of the seven predator species compared .
bone fragments were recorded to the nearest 25 per cent of the original unbroken element or part [of that] , and this enabled distinctions to be drawn between some of the seven predator species compared .

‘ This meeting , having taken into consideration the proceedings of former meetings , and being informed that many respectable persons delay giving their names as subscribers while the proceedings of the committee are subject to be reported to the Odiham Society , and are under the controul [ sic ] thereof , find it expedient to detach themselves from that Society , the work on which they are engaged being of so considerable importance , the reformation and improvement of Farriery , requiring that it should be confined to that purpose and use alone , and be under the sole management and control of its own members .
‘ this meeting , having taken into consideration the proceedings of former meetings , and being informed that many respectable persons delay giving their names as subscribers while the proceedings of the committee are subject to be reported to the odiham society , and are under the controul [ sic ] [of that] , find it expedient to detach themselves from that society , the work on which they are engaged being of so considerable importance , the reformation and improvement of farriery , requiring that it should be confined to that purpose and use alone , and be under the sole management and control of its own members .

That the Transactions of the College be published annually , and a copy thereof delivered , gratis , to each subscriber ’ .
that the transactions of the college be published annually , and a copy [of that] delivered , gratis , to each subscriber ’ .

The Town and Country Planning ( Use Classes ) Order 1972 is one such Order , specifying 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class specified in the schedule to the Order , the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class is deemed not to involve development .
the town and country planning ( use classes ) order 1972 is one such order , specifying 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class specified in the schedule to the order , the use [of that] for any other purpose of the same class is deemed not to involve development .

This includes nudity in fact or in silhouette , or any licentious notice thereof by other characters in the pictures .
this includes nudity in fact or in silhouette , or any licentious notice [of that] by other characters in the pictures .

After all a molecule is indifferent to the discipline practised by its observer , and it will indulge in physical , chemical or biological processes ( or any combination thereof ) according to the circumstances ; a la cane options are strictly forbidden .
after all a molecule is indifferent to the discipline practised by its observer , and it will indulge in physical , chemical or biological processes ( or any combination [of that] ) according to the circumstances ; a la cane options are strictly forbidden .

At a human level , knowledge or science is supposed to be a pure objective description of experience , derived either directly from our senses or from instrumental extensions thereof .
at a human level , knowledge or science is supposed to be a pure objective description of experience , derived either directly from our senses or from instrumental extensions [of that] .

This may go some way towards explaining the difference of opinion in the various ‘ recommended ’ lists ; it all depends from what point of view ( or various shades thereof ) one is approaching the task , and for whose benefit ?
this may go some way towards explaining the difference of opinion in the various ‘ recommended ’ lists ; it all depends from what point of view ( or various shades [of that] ) one is approaching the task , and for whose benefit ?

It is also relevant that the Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964 , under which public library services are provided in England and Wales , requires local authorities to provide a ‘ comprehensive and efficient library service for all persons desiring to make use thereof ’ .
it is also relevant that the public libraries and museums act 1964 , under which public library services are provided in england and wales , requires local authorities to provide a ‘ comprehensive and efficient library service for all persons desiring to make use [of that] ’ .

It shall be the duty of every library authority to provide a comprehensive and efficient library service for all persons desiring to make use thereof … ( 2 ) In fulfilling its duty … a library authority shall in particular have regard to the desirability ( a ) of securing , by keeping of adequate stocks , by arrangements with other library authorities , and by any other appropriate means , that facilities are available for the borrowing of , or reference to , books and other printed matter , and pictures , gramophone records , films and other materials , sufficient in number , range and quality to meet the general requirements and any special requirements both of adults and children …
it shall be the duty of every library authority to provide a comprehensive and efficient library service for all persons desiring to make use [of that] … ( 2 ) in fulfilling its duty … a library authority shall in particular have regard to the desirability ( a ) of securing , by keeping of adequate stocks , by arrangements with other library authorities , and by any other appropriate means , that facilities are available for the borrowing of , or reference to , books and other printed matter , and pictures , gramophone records , films and other materials , sufficient in number , range and quality to meet the general requirements and any special requirements both of adults and children …

‘ In Xamdu did Cublai Can build a stately Palace , encompassing sixteene miles of plaine ground within a wall , wherein are fertile meddowes , pleasant springs , delightful streames , and all sorts of beasts of chase and game , and in the midst thereof a sumptuous house of pleasure , which may be moved from place to place .
‘ in xamdu did cublai can build a stately palace , encompassing sixteene miles of plaine ground within a wall , wherein are fertile meddowes , pleasant springs , delightful streames , and all sorts of beasts of chase and game , and in the midst [of that] a sumptuous house of pleasure , which may be moved from place to place .

The first clause of the Fourteenth Amendment specified who would be a member of the new polity : “ All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States .
the first clause of the fourteenth amendment specified who would be a member of the new polity : “ all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction [of that] , are citizens of the united states .

All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside .
all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction [of that] , are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside .

To find a simple definition , the Constitution adapted the traditional English rule that it is not blood but place of birth that matters : “ All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. ” Applying the traditional rule of jus soli to everyone born on American soil—except for the children of diplomats and other people “ not subject to the jurisdiction ” of the country—had the radical effect of eliminating family and racial history from the definition of the bond between citizen and government in the United States .
to find a simple definition , the constitution adapted the traditional english rule that it is not blood but place of birth that matters : “ all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction [of that] , are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside. ” applying the traditional rule of jus soli to everyone born on american soil—except for the children of diplomats and other people “ not subject to the jurisdiction ” of the country—had the radical effect of eliminating family and racial history from the definition of the bond between citizen and government in the united states .

In an alternative version of the postbellum legal order , also based on the value of nationhood , Charles Black stresses the reliance on national citizenship in the first sentence of the Fourteenth Amendment : “ All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. ” Membership in the nation is now defined by birth on the land , and the fact of nationality , legally recognized as citizenship , generates the most basic right of the new legal order .
in an alternative version of the postbellum legal order , also based on the value of nationhood , charles black stresses the reliance on national citizenship in the first sentence of the fourteenth amendment : “ all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction [of that] , are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside. ” membership in the nation is now defined by birth on the land , and the fact of nationality , legally recognized as citizenship , generates the most basic right of the new legal order .

Though all modern slot machines are computerized , the rules are still the same : get three or four matching icons in a row ( or some combination thereof ) and you win .
though all modern slot machines are computerized , the rules are still the same : get three or four matching icons in a row ( or some combination [of that] ) and you win .

The promise of more business , or the loss thereof , would have far more impact coming from an association than any single law firm .
the promise of more business , or the loss [of that] , would have far more impact coming from an association than any single law firm .

In addition , the same invoices , or portions thereof , could be paid more than once .
in addition , the same invoices , or portions [of that] , could be paid more than once .

The manufacturing company had developed an automated checklist that asked business managers and relevant staff in individual units a series of questions that prompted them to consider the impact of security controls , or a lack thereof , on their unit 's operations .
the manufacturing company had developed an automated checklist that asked business managers and relevant staff in individual units a series of questions that prompted them to consider the impact of security controls , or a lack [of that] , on their unit 's operations .

APPORTIONMENT - A distribution made by OMB of amounts available for obligation in an appropriation or fund account into amounts available for specified time periods , programs , activities , projects , objects , or combinations thereof .
apportionment - a distribution made by omb of amounts available for obligation in an appropriation or fund account into amounts available for specified time periods , programs , activities , projects , objects , or combinations [of that] .

The manufacturing company had developed an automated checklist that asked business managers and relevant staff in individual units a series of questions that prompted them to consider the impact of security controls , or a lack thereof , on their unit 's operations .
the manufacturing company had developed an automated checklist that asked business managers and relevant staff in individual units a series of questions that prompted them to consider the impact of security controls , or a lack [of that] , on their unit 's operations .

Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a cio who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination [of that] .

Section 406 also provides that no State or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .
section 406 also provides that no state or political subdivision [of that] shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence , the total tonnage of emissions in any calendar year ( calculated at the end thereof ) from all units in such a utility system , power pool , or allowance pool agreements shall not exceed the total allowances for such units for the calendar year concerned , including for calendar years after 2007 , allowances held for such units by the owner or operator of the sources where the units are located .
notwithstanding the preceding sentence , the total tonnage of emissions in any calendar year ( calculated at the end [of that] ) from all units in such a utility system , power pool , or allowance pool agreements shall not exceed the total allowances for such units for the calendar year concerned , including for calendar years after 2007 , allowances held for such units by the owner or operator of the sources where the units are located .

Some biologists call these mating types sexes ; others think that , in the absence of traits other than sexual compatibility or the lack thereof , it makes more sense to view species with many mating types as having no sexes , rather than lots .
some biologists call these mating types sexes ; others think that , in the absence of traits other than sexual compatibility or the lack [of that] , it makes more sense to view species with many mating types as having no sexes , rather than lots .

Expression ( or lack thereof ) of these antigens by each cell line was further confirmed by immunohistochemical staining .
expression ( or lack [of that] ) of these antigens by each cell line was further confirmed by immunohistochemical staining .

After two rounds of routing , synthesis , and selection , followed by DNA sequencing , the remaining oligonucleotides predominantly encoded the Tyr-Gly-Gly-Phe-Leu sequence or close variants thereof .
after two rounds of routing , synthesis , and selection , followed by dna sequencing , the remaining oligonucleotides predominantly encoded the tyr-gly-gly-phe-leu sequence or close variants [of that] .

However , a donation of $ 25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof , including : 1 ) The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections ( currently two members of the Class of ' 84 , Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board ) ; 2 ) An official Alumni Association decal and membership card ; 3 ) A discount on Alumni Association apparel ; and , 4 ) Eligibility for the Charity Raffle , $ 500 to be given to the charity of your choice .
however , a donation of $ 25 or more entitles you to official membership in the alumni association with the privileges [of that] , including : 1 ) the right to vote in the upcoming alumni association board member elections ( currently two members of the class of ' 84 , maureen althert and brian elson serve on the board ) ; 2 ) an official alumni association decal and membership card ; 3 ) a discount on alumni association apparel ; and , 4 ) eligibility for the charity raffle , $ 500 to be given to the charity of your choice .

Their change of expression ( or lack thereof ) is itself a comment on the meaning of nakedness -- many appear more defensive unclothed , as if to counteract any vulnerability -- and the effect is almost anti-erotic .
their change of expression ( or lack [of that] ) is itself a comment on the meaning of nakedness -- many appear more defensive unclothed , as if to counteract any vulnerability -- and the effect is almost anti-erotic .

The Post and LAT lead with pieces on Y2K computer glitches -- or rather the lack thereof -- a story fronted by the NYT ( technically , the Post story is part of a Y2K package serving as the top non-local lead ) .
the post and lat lead with pieces on y2k computer glitches -- or rather the lack [of that] -- a story fronted by the nyt ( technically , the post story is part of a y2k package serving as the top non-local lead ) .

Comes a guy who actually knows how to run a government , and thinks the coolest branch thereof is the secret police .
comes a guy who actually knows how to run a government , and thinks the coolest branch [of that] is the secret police .

You 're better off picking your detergent by its scent ( or , if you ask me , lack thereof ) than you are judging it by what 's on the label .
you 're better off picking your detergent by its scent ( or , if you ask me , lack [of that] ) than you are judging it by what 's on the label .

Eligibility could be restricted to those who have already been pregnant , or at least sexually active ; to those over age 13 , or under age 21 ; or some combination thereof .
eligibility could be restricted to those who have already been pregnant , or at least sexually active ; to those over age 13 , or under age 21 ; or some combination [of that] .

As the eminent Puritan theologian William Ames wrote in Conscience and the Cases Thereof , `` [ H ] e whose offence is hidden has ... as yet right to preserve his fame that it should not rashly be laid open .
as the eminent puritan theologian william ames wrote in conscience and the cases [of that] , `` [ h ] e whose offence is hidden has ... as yet right to preserve his fame that it should not rashly be laid open .

However , even leaving aside what are , in all three of those examples , to me very valid questions of interpretation ( I think -- I have n't seen Dogma ) , given that the resources of political activism on the behalf of special interests are necessarily limited , I would prefer to put my dollar and my anxiety down on the side of protecting actual , real live human beings suffering actual , real live oppression , or the threat thereof .
however , even leaving aside what are , in all three of those examples , to me very valid questions of interpretation ( i think -- i have n't seen dogma ) , given that the resources of political activism on the behalf of special interests are necessarily limited , i would prefer to put my dollar and my anxiety down on the side of protecting actual , real live human beings suffering actual , real live oppression , or the threat [of that] .

Problems : 1 ) The plot , or the lack thereof .
problems : 1 ) the plot , or the lack [of that] .

Bush sold his Rainwater-related investments when he began his presidential run , presumably to avoid impropriety or the appearance thereof .
bush sold his rainwater-related investments when he began his presidential run , presumably to avoid impropriety or the appearance [of that] .

It is said that Kubrick sent his scripts -- or pages thereof -- around in plastic bags , to be read by the intended recipient and then returned via hovering messengers .
it is said that kubrick sent his scripts -- or pages [of that] -- around in plastic bags , to be read by the intended recipient and then returned via hovering messengers .

Although America 's Funniest Home Videos is no longer provoking belly laughs across the country , variants thereof air regularly as specials .
although america 's funniest home videos is no longer provoking belly laughs across the country , variants [of that] air regularly as specials .

In focusing on the notion of life 's improbability -- or lack thereof -- Dawkins has inadvertently drawn attention to the greatest weakness of Darwinian theory .
in focusing on the notion of life 's improbability -- or lack [of that] -- dawkins has inadvertently drawn attention to the greatest weakness of darwinian theory .

These protections , enacted to encourage truth before trial , have the paradoxical effect , when publicized , of making Lewinsky appear crazy , mendacious , guilty , or some combination thereof .
these protections , enacted to encourage truth before trial , have the paradoxical effect , when publicized , of making lewinsky appear crazy , mendacious , guilty , or some combination [of that] .

The larger conceptual breakthrough is the Times ' discovery of the single factor -- altitude , or the lack thereof -- that can explain all plane crashes past and future .
the larger conceptual breakthrough is the times ' discovery of the single factor -- altitude , or the lack [of that] -- that can explain all plane crashes past and future .

In law , a trademark is a name , logotype , design , or any combination thereof adopted and used by a manufacturer to identify its goods and distinguish them from articles sold by others .
in law , a trademark is a name , logotype , design , or any combination [of that] adopted and used by a manufacturer to identify its goods and distinguish them from articles sold by others .

In one case the court told a manufacturer that there can be no monopoly on love : “ No one may preempt the field with respect to marks having ` love ' as a portion thereof and thus exclude all others from the use of any mark composed in part of such word. ” Owning a word can do little for a writer like me , except perhaps in the ego department , since according to the law , a word can be a trademark only if such status does not deprive others of their right to the normal use of the English language .
in one case the court told a manufacturer that there can be no monopoly on love : “ no one may preempt the field with respect to marks having ` love ' as a portion [of that] and thus exclude all others from the use of any mark composed in part of such word. ” owning a word can do little for a writer like me , except perhaps in the ego department , since according to the law , a word can be a trademark only if such status does not deprive others of their right to the normal use of the english language .

Green 's account of the early history of dictionary-making is very useful and interesting , for it gathers together information about the personal lives ( and qualifications—or lack thereof ) of the famous lexicographers .
green 's account of the early history of dictionary-making is very useful and interesting , for it gathers together information about the personal lives ( and qualifications—or lack [of that] ) of the famous lexicographers .

The language of the information superhighway is English—more accurately , a sub-species thereof with its own grammar and semantics .
the language of the information superhighway is english—more accurately , a sub-species [of that] with its own grammar and semantics .

It may just be that someone by that name -- a Frenchman , one would gather from the spelling “ Georges ’ -- uttered those words or foreign equivalents thereof .
it may just be that someone by that name -- a frenchman , one would gather from the spelling “ georges ’ -- uttered those words or foreign equivalents [of that] .

Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances .
congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise [of that] ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievances .

In such cases , “ the ” is followed by a real or implied “ well-known ” or some equivalent thereof , to wit , ( internationally ) famous , beloved , notorious , undisputed , disputed , recently released ( or Escaped ) , prize-winning , novelist , etc .
in such cases , “ the ” is followed by a real or implied “ well-known ” or some equivalent [of that] , to wit , ( internationally ) famous , beloved , notorious , undisputed , disputed , recently released ( or escaped ) , prize-winning , novelist , etc .

