Smith flatly rejected the offer , and Mister Sam thereupon decided to join the rebels .
smith flatly rejected the offer , and mister sam [shortly after] decided to join the rebels .

Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines .
[shortly after] followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines .

Thereupon Hwang Pah said : `` If I knew thou art an Arhat , I would have doubled you up before thou got over there '' ! !
[shortly after] hwang pah said : `` if i knew thou art an arhat , i would have doubled you up before thou got over there '' ! !

He thereupon went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth .
he [shortly after] went to london and spent the winter talking to men of wealth .

For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was Doris ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) .
for example , when the film is only four minutes old , neitzbohr refers to a small , victorian piano stool as `` wilhelmina '' , and we are [shortly after] subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was doris ( the english equivalent , when passed through middle-gaelic derivations , of wilhelmina ) .

The pope thereupon ruled that such an oath might not be taken by true Catholics ; King James replied to the Pope in an anonymous book which , in turn , was answered by Cardinal Bellarmine .
the pope [shortly after] ruled that such an oath might not be taken by true catholics ; king james replied to the pope in an anonymous book which , in turn , was answered by cardinal bellarmine .

The King put strong pressure on the individual members of the commission to agree to the divorce , and the Archbishop of Canterbury and several other members thereupon withdrew in silent protest before the vote .
the king put strong pressure on the individual members of the commission to agree to the divorce , and the archbishop of canterbury and several other members [shortly after] withdrew in silent protest before the vote .

There was no inclination to compromise on either side ; the Bishop thereupon declared that the thirty-six livings of the Church of Ireland held by the Presbyterian ministers were vacant because they had not been episcopally ordained .
there was no inclination to compromise on either side ; the bishop [shortly after] declared that the thirty-six livings of the church of ireland held by the presbyterian ministers were vacant because they had not been episcopally ordained .

When Ken thereupon resigned , however , William appealed to him to remain , which he did for a further year .
when ken [shortly after] resigned , however , william appealed to him to remain , which he did for a further year .

Two thousand librates of prime tillable land , that is one hundred thousand acres , convenient to the Border , of the Plantagenet 's choice , were to be handed over as free gift , with all the folk thereupon .
two thousand librates of prime tillable land , that is one hundred thousand acres , convenient to the border , of the plantagenet 's choice , were to be handed over as free gift , with all the folk [shortly after] .

That if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the Tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the Tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the Landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .
that if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and [shortly after] this demise shall absolutely determine .

How does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( Unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) Given that it has never heard of Snell 's law , does it have to go through some alternative process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? Or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? How does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it thereupon led to take appropriate action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , irrespective of how steep the dive should be ) ? And , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?
how does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) given that it has never heard of snell 's law , does it have to go through some alternative process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? how does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it [shortly after] led to take appropriate action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , irrespective of how steep the dive should be ) ? and , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?

Thereupon one of the companions of our bishop took a stone which had been blessed by all the people of God and hurled it from his sling after the manner of David .
[shortly after] one of the companions of our bishop took a stone which had been blessed by all the people of god and hurled it from his sling after the manner of david .

Thereupon , Anselm went off to spend the summer months in the hill village of Liberi above Capua , and here he found a renewed peace of mind and spirit which he had not known since his days as prior of Bec .
[shortly after] , anselm went off to spend the summer months in the hill village of liberi above capua , and here he found a renewed peace of mind and spirit which he had not known since his days as prior of bec .

And thereupon the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons pursuant to their respective letters and Elections being now assembled in a full and free representative of this nation taking into their most serious consideration the best meanes for atteyneing the ends aforesaid Doe in the first place ( as their Ancestors in like Case have usually done ) for the vindicating and asserting their antient rights and Liberties , Declare .
and [shortly after] the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons pursuant to their respective letters and elections being now assembled in a full and free representative of this nation taking into their most serious consideration the best meanes for atteyneing the ends aforesaid doe in the first place ( as their ancestors in like case have usually done ) for the vindicating and asserting their antient rights and liberties , declare .

Upon which their said Majestyes did accept the crowne and Royall dignitie of the kingdoms of England France and Ireland and the dominions there unto belonging … And thereupon their Majestyes were pleased that the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons being the two Houses of Parlyament should continue to sitt and with their Majesty 's Roy all concurrence make effectuall provision for the settlement of the religion lawes and liberties of this king dome soe that the same for the future might not be in danger againe of being subverted , to which the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons did agree and proceede to act accordingly .
upon which their said majestyes did accept the crowne and royall dignitie of the kingdoms of england france and ireland and the dominions there unto belonging … and [shortly after] their majestyes were pleased that the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons being the two houses of parlyament should continue to sitt and with their majesty 's roy all concurrence make effectuall provision for the settlement of the religion lawes and liberties of this king dome soe that the same for the future might not be in danger againe of being subverted , to which the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons did agree and proceede to act accordingly .

The student body thereupon came out on strike .
the student body [shortly after] came out on strike .

He thereupon pleaded guilty and was convicted .
he [shortly after] pleaded guilty and was convicted .

She thereupon remanded the defendant in custody pending the determination of the section 7 ( 5 ) proceedings by two or more justices on the next working day .
she [shortly after] remanded the defendant in custody pending the determination of the section 7 ( 5 ) proceedings by two or more justices on the next working day .

After its opening Archbishop Melton of York demanded that the king should be brought before parliament ; Bishops Stratford and Orleton were thereupon sent to Kenilworth , where the king was imprisoned , to request his attendance but they came back to report with some zest his offensive words of refusal .
after its opening archbishop melton of york demanded that the king should be brought before parliament ; bishops stratford and orleton were [shortly after] sent to kenilworth , where the king was imprisoned , to request his attendance but they came back to report with some zest his offensive words of refusal .

Various accusations , including that of treason , were thereupon levelled against Stratford and attempts were made to exclude him from the parliament which met subsequently .
various accusations , including that of treason , were [shortly after] levelled against stratford and attempts were made to exclude him from the parliament which met subsequently .

‘ The tenancy shall continue until the said land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of Walworth Road and the street paving works rendered necessary thereby and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so required and thereupon the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land …
‘ the tenancy shall continue until the said land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of walworth road and the street paving works rendered necessary thereby and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so required and [shortly after] the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land …

The concluding words of section 18 ( 1 ) of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 provide for the consequence of an adjudication in these terms : ‘ and thereupon the property of the bankrupt shall become divisible among his creditors and shall vest in a trustee .
the concluding words of section 18 ( 1 ) of the bankruptcy act 1914 provide for the consequence of an adjudication in these terms : ‘ and [shortly after] the property of the bankrupt shall become divisible among his creditors and shall vest in a trustee .

Thereupon turn right into Between Towns Road , heading towards the Cowley centre , and passing over one mini-roundabout .
[shortly after] turn right into between towns road , heading towards the cowley centre , and passing over one mini-roundabout .

Samuel , Isaac 's second son , thereupon became the head of the family and the leader of the Norwich Jewish community .
samuel , isaac 's second son , [shortly after] became the head of the family and the leader of the norwich jewish community .

, who thereupon took the road to heterodoxy in his disappointment : this can not be more than a fragment of the story .
, who [shortly after] took the road to heterodoxy in his disappointment : this can not be more than a fragment of the story .

What this entails is that once a charge becomes enforceable , the chargee may thereupon take whatever steps are available to enforce the charge since English law places no significant impediments in the way of the right of enforcement of a charge .
what this entails is that once a charge becomes enforceable , the chargee may [shortly after] take whatever steps are available to enforce the charge since english law places no significant impediments in the way of the right of enforcement of a charge .

Several of them thereupon left their carriages and placed their heads on the rails vowing that , rather than allow another train to pass by they would sacrifice their lives .
several of them [shortly after] left their carriages and placed their heads on the rails vowing that , rather than allow another train to pass by they would sacrifice their lives .

Thereupon the filed documents together with the writ of summons , the acknowledgment of service and any orders made in the High Court ( the " relevant documents " ) are sent by post from the Central Office to the county court to which the action has been transferred .
[shortly after] the filed documents together with the writ of summons , the acknowledgment of service and any orders made in the high court ( the " relevant documents " ) are sent by post from the central office to the county court to which the action has been transferred .

For example : In the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the Company on the date of the adoption of these Articles ( `` the Acquiring Member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued Ordinary Share Capital of the Company after the date of adoption of these Articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company at a price per share ( `` the Acquisition Price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the Acquiring Member for such shares in the Company acquired by him .
for example : in the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the company on the date of the adoption of these articles ( `` the acquiring member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the city code on takeovers and mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued ordinary share capital of the company after the date of adoption of these articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the ordinary share capital of the company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall [shortly after] be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the ordinary share capital of the company at a price per share ( `` the acquisition price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the acquiring member for such shares in the company acquired by him .

Thereupon , widespread political rioting and arson , directed at Tory notables , broke out .
[shortly after] , widespread political rioting and arson , directed at tory notables , broke out .

Carson thereupon fell out of the contest — or rather announced that he was not standing , for no official nominations had been made .
carson [shortly after] fell out of the contest — or rather announced that he was not standing , for no official nominations had been made .

Parents themselves thereupon set up a pressure group of their own ( Mother Care for Children in Hospital , now the National Association for the Welfare of Children in Hospital ; which , with all the enthusiasm of maternal solicitude that has the acknowledged right on its side , and with the help of a sympathetic press , is gradually altering the atmosphere of children 's hospital care .
parents themselves [shortly after] set up a pressure group of their own ( mother care for children in hospital , now the national association for the welfare of children in hospital ; which , with all the enthusiasm of maternal solicitude that has the acknowledged right on its side , and with the help of a sympathetic press , is gradually altering the atmosphere of children 's hospital care .

In 1921 she investigated differential operators in quantum mechanics by abstracting their essential properties , taking these properties as axioms and building all consequences thereupon .
in 1921 she investigated differential operators in quantum mechanics by abstracting their essential properties , taking these properties as axioms and building all consequences [shortly after] .

Printed a name and address thereupon in big black capitals .
printed a name and address [shortly after] in big black capitals .

All the sect heavies had thereupon melted into the dark gaps among the trees .
all the sect heavies had [shortly after] melted into the dark gaps among the trees .

Oliver Napier of the Alliance party thereupon wrote an open letter to the people of the Republic calling their attention to the same matters .
oliver napier of the alliance party [shortly after] wrote an open letter to the people of the republic calling their attention to the same matters .

And thereupon my diverseness doth rise .
and [shortly after] my diverseness doth rise .

King Harthacnut , Cnut 's son , thereupon despatched an army with instructions to burn Worcester itself , devastate the entire shire , and kill all the men .
king harthacnut , cnut 's son , [shortly after] despatched an army with instructions to burn worcester itself , devastate the entire shire , and kill all the men .

If you are prevented from travelling because in the opinion of any person in authority you appear to be unfit to travel or likely to cause discomfort of disturbance to other passengers , our responsibility for your holiday thereupon ceases .
if you are prevented from travelling because in the opinion of any person in authority you appear to be unfit to travel or likely to cause discomfort of disturbance to other passengers , our responsibility for your holiday [shortly after] ceases .

His leg was splinted , and thereupon he experienced life in a military hospital from the casualty 's viewpoint .
his leg was splinted , and [shortly after] he experienced life in a military hospital from the casualty 's viewpoint .

However , he says that Mr. Owen , thereupon , ‘ gravely , but very tenderly rebuked my pride , and gave me for my theme : ‘ Ne sutor ultra crepidam ’ ’ ( ‘ Let the cobbler stick to his last ’ ) .
however , he says that mr. owen , [shortly after] , ‘ gravely , but very tenderly rebuked my pride , and gave me for my theme : ‘ ne sutor ultra crepidam ’ ’ ( ‘ let the cobbler stick to his last ’ ) .

He butts his head against a wall and in consequence feels oppressed by the wall … Thereupon he turns back irresolutely and returns to his house only to find , as a fresh disappointment , that his wife is not there .
he butts his head against a wall and in consequence feels oppressed by the wall … [shortly after] he turns back irresolutely and returns to his house only to find , as a fresh disappointment , that his wife is not there .

Thereupon Malone exercised his right of direct access under the Convention , with the first question for the European Court being whether the administrative arrangements in Britain ( which restrict privacy ) were ‘ in accordance with law ’ .
[shortly after] malone exercised his right of direct access under the convention , with the first question for the european court being whether the administrative arrangements in britain ( which restrict privacy ) were ‘ in accordance with law ’ .

Rees thereupon complained to the European Commission of Human Rights that , by refusing to alter the recorded sex on his birth certificate , the United Kingdom , through its law , is depriving him of the legal status corresponding to his actual condition , to which he is rightfully entitled by Article 8 .
rees [shortly after] complained to the european commission of human rights that , by refusing to alter the recorded sex on his birth certificate , the united kingdom , through its law , is depriving him of the legal status corresponding to his actual condition , to which he is rightfully entitled by article 8 .

Sailing with about 50 men in mid-October , Ormonde had an uneventful passage from Normandy to Torbay , but failed to see any signs of a rising there and thereupon returned to St Malo .
sailing with about 50 men in mid-october , ormonde had an uneventful passage from normandy to torbay , but failed to see any signs of a rising there and [shortly after] returned to st malo .

The white flag was thereupon hoisted on the city walls and Durand led 400 still loyal militia into the castle and prepared to hold out there until help arrived .
the white flag was [shortly after] hoisted on the city walls and durand led 400 still loyal militia into the castle and prepared to hold out there until help arrived .

As the rebels , sword in hand , ran after the retreating cavalry , sonic of the royal infantry stood their ground and tried to take them in the flank but the heavy rain had left most of their cartridges too damp to fire and the frustrated musketeers thereupon also took to their heels .
as the rebels , sword in hand , ran after the retreating cavalry , sonic of the royal infantry stood their ground and tried to take them in the flank but the heavy rain had left most of their cartridges too damp to fire and the frustrated musketeers [shortly after] also took to their heels .

The outstanding feature of the new county system , as compared with the one before the 1972 Act took effect , is that the counties absorbed the hitherto independent county boroughs which thereupon ceased to exist , a decision which , in retrospect , some now think was a mistake , since the county boroughs were effective multipurpose authorities .
the outstanding feature of the new county system , as compared with the one before the 1972 act took effect , is that the counties absorbed the hitherto independent county boroughs which [shortly after] ceased to exist , a decision which , in retrospect , some now think was a mistake , since the county boroughs were effective multipurpose authorities .

Periodically Moreau translated for the benefit of his countrymen , who thereupon continued to behave in the manner of stage Frenchmen , with much shrugging and stifled Gallic oaths .
periodically moreau translated for the benefit of his countrymen , who [shortly after] continued to behave in the manner of stage frenchmen , with much shrugging and stifled gallic oaths .

Thereupon , that newly important causal consequence would be a new function available to the organism .
[shortly after] , that newly important causal consequence would be a new function available to the organism .

The gods thereupon disappeared , according to the story , but the five rice-bearing rams turned to stone .
the gods [shortly after] disappeared , according to the story , but the five rice-bearing rams turned to stone .

