$85 by 1986 , and $90 thereafter .
$85 by 1986 , and $90 [after that] .

Why did they engage in a flood of mea culpas , throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter , expressing their complete confidence in the laws '' ? ?
why did they engage in a flood of mea culpas , throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys [after that] , expressing their complete confidence in the laws '' ? ?

Thereafter , until the Masters , Player gradually increased his lead over Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami .
[after that] , until the masters , player gradually increased his lead over palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at miami .

Thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization .
[after that] the audience waxed applause-happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization .

In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range .
in her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and [after that] the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range .

Immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` I don't feel like talking right now '' .
immediately [after that] , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` i don't feel like talking right now '' .

Thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round .
[after that] seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round .

Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need .
everything , [after that] , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need .

And if Howard Rutstein felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession , his article in the Atlantic Monthly accomplished a good deal more .
and if howard rutstein felt impelled [after that] to formulate the ethics of the medical profession , his article in the atlantic monthly accomplished a good deal more .

If within one year you can make a success out of the American , you can practically name your own salary thereafter .
if within one year you can make a success out of the american , you can practically name your own salary [after that] .

Thereafter he was classified 1-o .
[after that] he was classified 1-o .

Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .
accordingly , if it is not repealed by the congress at its present session , i shall have no alternative [after that] but to direct the secretary of defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .

In 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter David Brown moved west to Illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years .
in 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon [after that] david brown moved west to illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years .

The presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by Ruysch , and thereafter by many others .
the presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by ruysch , and [after that] by many others .

Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland .
byrnes says that invariably [after that] the soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in poland .

Such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter .
such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time [after that] .

Bergson and Leroy announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and thereafter a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity .
bergson and leroy announce that `` the secret is the center of a philosophy '' and [after that] a hundred followers declare secrecy a higher verity .

By this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages , first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water , since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains .
by this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages , first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and [after that] by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water , since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains .

They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter .
they met next morning and all the mornings [after that] .

sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us , and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx Zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws .
sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into areaways to exasperate us , and [after that] would hurry to the bronx zoo to grimace at the lions and press cigar butts against their paws .

While studying for her PhD at Oxford she lectured at Liverpool University and thereafter was a lecturer in history at Oxford University .
while studying for her phd at oxford she lectured at liverpool university and [after that] was a lecturer in history at oxford university .

Fidelity has a 2 per cent front-end fee and exit charges on a sliding scale — 3 per cent in the first year , 2 per cent in the second , 1 per cent in the third and zero thereafter .
fidelity has a 2 per cent front-end fee and exit charges on a sliding scale — 3 per cent in the first year , 2 per cent in the second , 1 per cent in the third and zero [after that] .

At present there is a 40 per cent first year allowance , with 25 per cent reducing balance each year thereafter .
at present there is a 40 per cent first year allowance , with 25 per cent reducing balance each year [after that] .

Charges at long stay car parks Nun 's Close and Yorke Square , both in Richmond , rear of Leyburn Market Place , Gayle Lane , Hawes , and Muker car park in Swaledale will have a maximum waiting time of ten hours with a scale of charges running from 40p for the first two hours and thereafter 20p per hour up to a maximum of £1 per day .
charges at long stay car parks nun 's close and yorke square , both in richmond , rear of leyburn market place , gayle lane , hawes , and muker car park in swaledale will have a maximum waiting time of ten hours with a scale of charges running from 40p for the first two hours and [after that] 20p per hour up to a maximum of £1 per day .

Similarly , if a director is thinking of selling the company in the near future , but continuing in the same employment thereafter , it might be better not to to restrict salary .
similarly , if a director is thinking of selling the company in the near future , but continuing in the same employment [after that] , it might be better not to to restrict salary .

Thereafter , however , a series of self-inflicted wounds proved costly , the turning point coming when Scott Stewart 's long diagonal to Canada 's left touchline saw only Tony Stanger retreat into his 22 at suitable speed , though John Graf and Chris Tynan then got the better of him , the former 's delightful pick-up releasing the latter for a try .
[after that] , however , a series of self-inflicted wounds proved costly , the turning point coming when scott stewart 's long diagonal to canada 's left touchline saw only tony stanger retreat into his 22 at suitable speed , though john graf and chris tynan then got the better of him , the former 's delightful pick-up releasing the latter for a try .

Thereafter , normally by innovative ploys , it was hoped that Scotland could at least win their own ball .
[after that] , normally by innovative ploys , it was hoped that scotland could at least win their own ball .

Experts are urging everyone to give up salt for the day and thereafter cut down on salt to ensure a healthier heart .
experts are urging everyone to give up salt for the day and [after that] cut down on salt to ensure a healthier heart .

Thereafter , the long-term future of the game could be resolved by a 10-10-10-10 formula which would stimulate interest at the lower end of the league as well as at the top .
[after that] , the long-term future of the game could be resolved by a 10-10-10-10 formula which would stimulate interest at the lower end of the league as well as at the top .

These medical investigations hardly ever revealed any physical or mental abnormality and if the bed-wetter continued thereafter to deplete the quartermaster 's stock of blankets then the British Army had no answer to this situation other than to discharge him honourably from the service without a stain on his character , whatever there might be on his bedclothes .
these medical investigations hardly ever revealed any physical or mental abnormality and if the bed-wetter continued [after that] to deplete the quartermaster 's stock of blankets then the british army had no answer to this situation other than to discharge him honourably from the service without a stain on his character , whatever there might be on his bedclothes .

Phone lines are open until 7.30pm tonight , and from 9am to 5pm thereafter .
phone lines are open until 7.30pm tonight , and from 9am to 5pm [after that] .

Thereafter , McKenzie had to dig deep into his resources to reach the final bell .
[after that] , mckenzie had to dig deep into his resources to reach the final bell .

Opening the prosecution case at Liverpool Crown Court , Mr Klevan alleged that Gilfoyle , a former private in the Royal Army Medical Corps , ‘ took her life and thereafter made it look as if it were suicide . ’
opening the prosecution case at liverpool crown court , mr klevan alleged that gilfoyle , a former private in the royal army medical corps , ‘ took her life and [after that] made it look as if it were suicide . ’

Liam Coyle who has scored three of Derry 's four competitive goals so far this season , booked City 's last eight berth with a close range strike in the seventh minute , but thereafter , it was yet another case of Derry flattering to deceive as they quickly ran out of ideas against a United side which failed to test City goalkeeper Dermot O'Neill at any time during the game .
liam coyle who has scored three of derry 's four competitive goals so far this season , booked city 's last eight berth with a close range strike in the seventh minute , but [after that] , it was yet another case of derry flattering to deceive as they quickly ran out of ideas against a united side which failed to test city goalkeeper dermot o'neill at any time during the game .

Thereafter , there will be a brief entertainment – coffee – and an opportunity to meet together in the Undercroft .
[after that] , there will be a brief entertainment – coffee – and an opportunity to meet together in the undercroft .

In this case , a sequence of tasks ( possibly the complete analysis ) is presented to the machine which then detaches the job from the user 's control and queues it for running at a convenient time — perhaps overnight — the full results being returned to the user thereafter .
in this case , a sequence of tasks ( possibly the complete analysis ) is presented to the machine which then detaches the job from the user 's control and queues it for running at a convenient time — perhaps overnight — the full results being returned to the user [after that] .

Thereafter , a formal machinery of collective bargaining was gradually set up .
[after that] , a formal machinery of collective bargaining was gradually set up .

Thereafter a refusal will lead to the individual being expelled from the footplate line of promotion .
[after that] a refusal will lead to the individual being expelled from the footplate line of promotion .

It reached 6.5 per cent in 1971 and thereafter hardly fell back .
it reached 6.5 per cent in 1971 and [after that] hardly fell back .

Jimmy Watson , defending , said : ‘ It is common ground there was a collision between the defendant and the principal prosecution witness within the Town Hall but thereafter there are divergences of fact .
jimmy watson , defending , said : ‘ it is common ground there was a collision between the defendant and the principal prosecution witness within the town hall but [after that] there are divergences of fact .

Fernandez , winner of 19 of his 25 bouts , landed some useful shots at the start before Hardy took control and in the third Hardy made the mistake of giving Fernandez too much of a target , but thereafter made himself more scarce , hitting and moving effectively .
fernandez , winner of 19 of his 25 bouts , landed some useful shots at the start before hardy took control and in the third hardy made the mistake of giving fernandez too much of a target , but [after that] made himself more scarce , hitting and moving effectively .

The new Northern Ireland should then be firmly secured within the political set-up of the United Kingdom by being treated thereafter on exactly the same basis as , say , Yorkshire or Lancashire .
the new northern ireland should then be firmly secured within the political set-up of the united kingdom by being treated [after that] on exactly the same basis as , say , yorkshire or lancashire .

However , such friendship only opens the door ; thereafter the hard reality of the benefits to be gained and the risks to be run will take over .
however , such friendship only opens the door ; [after that] the hard reality of the benefits to be gained and the risks to be run will take over .

The typical pattern is for the Japanese businessman to eat at a restaurant in the evening and thereafter go to a bar or cabaret .
the typical pattern is for the japanese businessman to eat at a restaurant in the evening and [after that] go to a bar or cabaret .

Thereafter you swing normally .
[after that] you swing normally .

The player will swing normally thereafter .
the player will swing normally [after that] .

Never again , one suspects , will anyone witness the arrival of such revolutionary instruments — instruments which , within the space of a decade , wrought such changes in the way music was played , and did so increasingly thereafter .
never again , one suspects , will anyone witness the arrival of such revolutionary instruments — instruments which , within the space of a decade , wrought such changes in the way music was played , and did so increasingly [after that] .

Thereafter , it 's anything goes , really , and it 's fun to experiment with this novel method of obtaining bass sounds .
[after that] , it 's anything goes , really , and it 's fun to experiment with this novel method of obtaining bass sounds .

Thereafter for the rest of their stay , which was usually two or three weeks , the patients had a fuller , wheat- and additive-free diet .
[after that] for the rest of their stay , which was usually two or three weeks , the patients had a fuller , wheat- and additive-free diet .

Valid for use today , then daily thereafter until November 8 , 1992 .
valid for use today , then daily [after that] until november 8 , 1992 .

( These were paid at a rate of 12p per mile with 100 per cent of the extra cost paid in the first year ; 75 per cent in the second ; 50 per cent in the third ; 25 per cent in the fourth and nothing thereafter . )
( these were paid at a rate of 12p per mile with 100 per cent of the extra cost paid in the first year ; 75 per cent in the second ; 50 per cent in the third ; 25 per cent in the fourth and nothing [after that] . )

It suggests that the courts are entitled to be satisfied that certain minimal procedural requirements have been fulfilled but that , thereafter , and provided that they are fulfilled , no objection can be taken to the validity of the Act on grounds of its substantial content .
it suggests that the courts are entitled to be satisfied that certain minimal procedural requirements have been fulfilled but that , [after that] , and provided that they are fulfilled , no objection can be taken to the validity of the act on grounds of its substantial content .

Thereafter the birthrate shrank sharply , reducing the demand for teachers .
[after that] the birthrate shrank sharply , reducing the demand for teachers .

The Church of England is behind the Baptist Union in halting its decline : the Baptists turned the corner between 1980 and 1985 , and thereafter saw a slight growth in membership .
the church of england is behind the baptist union in halting its decline : the baptists turned the corner between 1980 and 1985 , and [after that] saw a slight growth in membership .

On what turned out to be the final day , Salisbury , having relished an hour in the heat of battle , was lbw , yorked , by a big Akram inswinger , and thereafter a wicket fell every 18 minutes ; 17 in all ; some through the caprice of the pitch , some through frailty , most because of devastatingly purposeful bowling .
on what turned out to be the final day , salisbury , having relished an hour in the heat of battle , was lbw , yorked , by a big akram inswinger , and [after that] a wicket fell every 18 minutes ; 17 in all ; some through the caprice of the pitch , some through frailty , most because of devastatingly purposeful bowling .

When Tom Webster drew him wearing a knee-length sweater , he ensured that , thereafter , all his sweaters were oversized .
when tom webster drew him wearing a knee-length sweater , he ensured that , [after that] , all his sweaters were oversized .

Annually thereafter , the exercise price will rise at a compounded rate of about 4 % a year .
annually [after that] , the exercise price will rise at a compounded rate of about 4 % a year .

Comdisco got out of the risk arbitrage business and shortly thereafter went to the somewhat less receptive credit markets for $ 100m to boost its liquidity .
comdisco got out of the risk arbitrage business and shortly [after that] went to the somewhat less receptive credit markets for $ 100m to boost its liquidity .

Thereafter Heybridge fought well throughout and had far the better of the play .
[after that] heybridge fought well throughout and had far the better of the play .

Thereafter we eagerly obtained the precious four novels of the canon and she became our favourite writer .
[after that] we eagerly obtained the precious four novels of the canon and she became our favourite writer .

’ Thereafter , radio and television increasingly became the media for straight news , which left the press searching for a distinctive role .
’ [after that] , radio and television increasingly became the media for straight news , which left the press searching for a distinctive role .

At the end of the rollout the tailwheel lock was disengaged to allow us to amble back round the peri-track ; thereafter the shutdown followed usual pattern of a cooling-down period , a magneto check and the pulling out of the mixture to full lean .
at the end of the rollout the tailwheel lock was disengaged to allow us to amble back round the peri-track ; [after that] the shutdown followed usual pattern of a cooling-down period , a magneto check and the pulling out of the mixture to full lean .

The Romans tell that Isis appropriated a portion of the sun god 's power when she grew weary of worldly affairs and thereafter adorned the heavens as the constellation of Sirius .
the romans tell that isis appropriated a portion of the sun god 's power when she grew weary of worldly affairs and [after that] adorned the heavens as the constellation of sirius .

Thereafter the Beco Chapel closed and was used only occasionally by an unlicensed chaplain until its final closure in 1893 — when six pieces of gilded silver plate were returned to the English Church .
[after that] the beco chapel closed and was used only occasionally by an unlicensed chaplain until its final closure in 1893 — when six pieces of gilded silver plate were returned to the english church .

This right disappeared in 1842 , and thereafter they had to be tried in a normal Portuguese court , but the jury had to be half British and half Portuguese — this right has also , of course , long since disappeared .
this right disappeared in 1842 , and [after that] they had to be tried in a normal portuguese court , but the jury had to be half british and half portuguese — this right has also , of course , long since disappeared .

Soon after it was built , it was left high and dry by a storm and thereafter was used as a signalling tower by Blandy 's .
soon after it was built , it was left high and dry by a storm and [after that] was used as a signalling tower by blandy 's .

The weather broke down thereafter , and in driving chill rain tempers were cooled .
the weather broke down [after that] , and in driving chill rain tempers were cooled .

Thereafter they would be into the East March , and following the enemy would be less straightforward , with the country opening out and various routes possible — into the Merse , down the Scots side of Tweed , down the English side , or southwards into the Till valley of Northumberland .
[after that] they would be into the east march , and following the enemy would be less straightforward , with the country opening out and various routes possible — into the merse , down the scots side of tweed , down the english side , or southwards into the till valley of northumberland .

Ramsay did not exactly cheer , but Will noticed a certain lightening in his brother 's step thereafter , as he set about the business of summoning men .
ramsay did not exactly cheer , but will noticed a certain lightening in his brother 's step [after that] , as he set about the business of summoning men .

Will Douglas , who as Knight of Liddesdale , and Keeper of that unruly area , looked on all Armstrongs as eminently hangable , was doubtful , to say the least , but recognised that to refuse to take them would be considered a grievous insult and could endanger them all thereafter .
will douglas , who as knight of liddesdale , and keeper of that unruly area , looked on all armstrongs as eminently hangable , was doubtful , to say the least , but recognised that to refuse to take them would be considered a grievous insult and could endanger them all [after that] .

They made good time thereafter , considering the darkness , encountering no problems .
they made good time [after that] , considering the darkness , encountering no problems .

Thereafter they crossed the greater river at that ford and proceeded eastwards by Ancrum and over the low Fairnington hills to the Makerstoun ford of Tweed .
[after that] they crossed the greater river at that ford and proceeded eastwards by ancrum and over the low fairnington hills to the makerstoun ford of tweed .

Only a mile on , they passed the last of the Home outposts , at Dunglass , in a strong position above another of these precipitous deans ; and soon thereafter Dunbar came in sight , town and castle jutting into the Norse Sea , the eastern gateway to the fertile Lothians , red in blood to match the now prevailing redness in soil and stone .
only a mile on , they passed the last of the home outposts , at dunglass , in a strong position above another of these precipitous deans ; and soon [after that] dunbar came in sight , town and castle jutting into the norse sea , the eastern gateway to the fertile lothians , red in blood to match the now prevailing redness in soil and stone .

For some time thereafter matters of defence , policy and filial duties were in abeyance .
for some time [after that] matters of defence , policy and filial duties were in abeyance .

In the heady talk thereafter , Ramsay for one was very much aware of the lack of any particular tactics being put forward ; all was generalities , and high-flown ones at that , almost as though the battle was already won .
in the heady talk [after that] , ramsay for one was very much aware of the lack of any particular tactics being put forward ; all was generalities , and high-flown ones at that , almost as though the battle was already won .

‘ And Berwick Castle could be yours , thereafter , ’ Fraser added , for good measure , to clinch matters .
‘ and berwick castle could be yours , [after that] , ’ fraser added , for good measure , to clinch matters .

Edward the First had sacked the town in 1296 , as an example to the rest of the country of what to expect if his take-over was opposed ; but thereafter that megalomaniac prince had found it useful as a staging-point for his occupation of the northern kingdom .
edward the first had sacked the town in 1296 , as an example to the rest of the country of what to expect if his take-over was opposed ; but [after that] that megalomaniac prince had found it useful as a staging-point for his occupation of the northern kingdom .

That main thrust was not long in developing thereafter .
that main thrust was not long in developing [after that] .

Thereafter it was something of anticlimax .
[after that] it was something of anticlimax .

Thereafter it was just a case of hard riding the thirty miles through green Lothian , by Hailes and Haddington and Musselburgh , for Edinburgh , which he reached before nightfall .
[after that] it was just a case of hard riding the thirty miles through green lothian , by hailes and haddington and musselburgh , for edinburgh , which he reached before nightfall .

Thereafter the Scots waited for an answer .
[after that] the scots waited for an answer .

Thereafter , as the rest stood by , Salisbury advanced nearer .
[after that] , as the rest stood by , salisbury advanced nearer .

And thereafter Berwick will be sacked .
and [after that] berwick will be sacked .

Section 123 ( 1 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .
section 123 ( 1 ) of the insolvency act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks [after that] neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .

He would turn and leave the purple streams puddling among the rest of the garbage from other houses , carrying the empty pot thereafter with nonchalance .
he would turn and leave the purple streams puddling among the rest of the garbage from other houses , carrying the empty pot [after that] with nonchalance .

Thereafter she welcomed Paul 's embraces , thrusting herself at him in the way she had ended by doing on their first night .
[after that] she welcomed paul 's embraces , thrusting herself at him in the way she had ended by doing on their first night .

Which thereafter it always was .
which [after that] it always was .

Thereafter Lester devoted less and less time to the business , and he finally died in 1980 .
[after that] lester devoted less and less time to the business , and he finally died in 1980 .

The seriousness of Derrida 's intervention can be discerned from Foucault 's subsequent repudiation of the central thesis of Madness and Civilization and the change of direction that his work took thereafter .
the seriousness of derrida 's intervention can be discerned from foucault 's subsequent repudiation of the central thesis of madness and civilization and the change of direction that his work took [after that] .

Thereafter the firm might carefully choose one or two platforms and do a thorough porting job , probably thinking at the same time ‘ there must be another way .
[after that] the firm might carefully choose one or two platforms and do a thorough porting job , probably thinking at the same time ‘ there must be another way .

According to legend , Gorbad tore the crown of Solland from the Count 's head and placed it upon his own , and wore it thereafter as a token of his victory .
according to legend , gorbad tore the crown of solland from the count 's head and placed it upon his own , and wore it [after that] as a token of his victory .

Thereafter , their books have been follow-up studies of this second group of children .
[after that] , their books have been follow-up studies of this second group of children .

Between 1979 and 1981 , 39 new search firms emerged , and thereafter the rate declined .
between 1979 and 1981 , 39 new search firms emerged , and [after that] the rate declined .

The peasants believe he has performed a miracle and , thereafter , flock to him .
the peasants believe he has performed a miracle and , [after that] , flock to him .

They have the ability to determine a person 's needs and thereafter hand over a solution to the problem in terms of their own definition .
they have the ability to determine a person 's needs and [after that] hand over a solution to the problem in terms of their own definition .

Such a position , however , makes it more difficult thereafter for the solicitor to admit that the case presents too great a challenge and that it should be transferred to a solicitor with even more ‘ substantial criminal experience ’ .
such a position , however , makes it more difficult [after that] for the solicitor to admit that the case presents too great a challenge and that it should be transferred to a solicitor with even more ‘ substantial criminal experience ’ .

This bird , born around 1762 , lived in such comfortable circumstances that it had already reared eight broods when , to the consternation of its noble owner , it suddenly developed the plumage and spurs of a male and thereafter refused to lay another egg .
this bird , born around 1762 , lived in such comfortable circumstances that it had already reared eight broods when , to the consternation of its noble owner , it suddenly developed the plumage and spurs of a male and [after that] refused to lay another egg .

She became known as Meh'Lindi thereafter among her instructors .
she became known as meh'lindi [after that] among her instructors .

Jaq was raised thereafter as an orphan in a mission school .
jaq was raised [after that] as an orphan in a mission school .

The legions of those who betrayed the Emperor during the Horus Rebellion had fled to the Eye and thereafter … had mutated vilely .
the legions of those who betrayed the emperor during the horus rebellion had fled to the eye and [after that] … had mutated vilely .

If you come across an answer to a question that does n't fit the headings you 've already got , summarise that answer and write it on the master sheet : thereafter put a tally mark against it every time an answer fits it .
if you come across an answer to a question that does n't fit the headings you 've already got , summarise that answer and write it on the master sheet : [after that] put a tally mark against it every time an answer fits it .

Thereafter the intervention proceeds to reward gradually increased time spent working .
[after that] the intervention proceeds to reward gradually increased time spent working .

Thorough preparation ensures the success of the network meeting , with the likelihood that the social worker as key worker/case manager/nominated social worker has a simpler task thereafter .
thorough preparation ensures the success of the network meeting , with the likelihood that the social worker as key worker/case manager/nominated social worker has a simpler task [after that] .

However , although the sale of a nationalised industry will provide a once-off boost for government finance , it should not be forgotten that the profits of the company , once privatised , will thereafter accrue to the private shareholders and not to the government , thereby reducing government revenues in the future .
however , although the sale of a nationalised industry will provide a once-off boost for government finance , it should not be forgotten that the profits of the company , once privatised , will [after that] accrue to the private shareholders and not to the government , thereby reducing government revenues in the future .

Thereafter , the caretaker was his man , glad of a chance to finger ‘ that man ’ who had moved in with his girlfriend on the eighth floor .
[after that] , the caretaker was his man , glad of a chance to finger ‘ that man ’ who had moved in with his girlfriend on the eighth floor .

Thereafter , children will be taught by parents , relations , friends and teachers what is expected of them , and what is considered to be appropriate and inappropriate behaviour .
[after that] , children will be taught by parents , relations , friends and teachers what is expected of them , and what is considered to be appropriate and inappropriate behaviour .

There must first be the desire for personal change , and thereafter the confidence that change can take place .
there must first be the desire for personal change , and [after that] the confidence that change can take place .

Thereafter , the use of names is an important element in making everyone feel part of the group .
[after that] , the use of names is an important element in making everyone feel part of the group .

Thereafter , engaging the family in a discussion of the problems they face can quickly indicate the current nature of family relationships and interactions .
[after that] , engaging the family in a discussion of the problems they face can quickly indicate the current nature of family relationships and interactions .

The order and the organization of the chapters is sequential , in that they begin with the earlier problems of old age , taking a preventative stance , and move thereafter through to deeper , more pathological experiences of old age .
the order and the organization of the chapters is sequential , in that they begin with the earlier problems of old age , taking a preventative stance , and move [after that] through to deeper , more pathological experiences of old age .

It is perhaps too idealistic to suggest that the process of ageing should be dealt with during childhood , but it is certainly during these years that the basis of ageism becomes rooted in us and thereafter affects the way we approach our own old age .
it is perhaps too idealistic to suggest that the process of ageing should be dealt with during childhood , but it is certainly during these years that the basis of ageism becomes rooted in us and [after that] affects the way we approach our own old age .

Only if this is done will older people be able to make choices and reach decisions about retirement which are appropriate to them , and which they can thereafter justify both to themselves and their social critics .
only if this is done will older people be able to make choices and reach decisions about retirement which are appropriate to them , and which they can [after that] justify both to themselves and their social critics .

Where this is the case there will be a need to remedy the deficiency as quickly as possible , and thereafter to seek to improve the individual 's eating habits by careful discussion and support .
where this is the case there will be a need to remedy the deficiency as quickly as possible , and [after that] to seek to improve the individual 's eating habits by careful discussion and support .

Once an explanation — any explanation — has been produced , people tend to stick with it , no matter how much evidence thereafter appears to contradict it .
once an explanation — any explanation — has been produced , people tend to stick with it , no matter how much evidence [after that] appears to contradict it .

He charges £40 for the first hour and £25 thereafter — which neatly incorporates the call-out fee in the first hour .
he charges £40 for the first hour and £25 [after that] — which neatly incorporates the call-out fee in the first hour .

The offer is sponsored by Matrix Securities ( 071–734 8334 ) and the minimum subscription is £1,000 , thereafter in multiples of £500 .
the offer is sponsored by matrix securities ( 071–734 8334 ) and the minimum subscription is £1,000 , [after that] in multiples of £500 .

An alternative theory is that all crime rises in the initial stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that thereafter violence falls while property offences continue to increase .
an alternative theory is that all crime rises in the initial stages of industrialization and urbanization , but that [after that] violence falls while property offences continue to increase .

The proportion of Sinhalese policemen passed the fifty per cent mark in the 1920s , and continued to rise thereafter .
the proportion of sinhalese policemen passed the fifty per cent mark in the 1920s , and continued to rise [after that] .

Thereafter the conviction rate steadily increased , reaching twenty-five per cent or more early in the twentieth century .
[after that] the conviction rate steadily increased , reaching twenty-five per cent or more early in the twentieth century .

It held steady thereafter until 1935 , the year of a devastating malaria epidemic , when the number of cases increased to 1,020 .
it held steady [after that] until 1935 , the year of a devastating malaria epidemic , when the number of cases increased to 1,020 .

Thereafter , the rate is guaranteed to be at least 1.5 % higher than the gross variable rate payable on the £5,000 Sovereign Shares Account .
[after that] , the rate is guaranteed to be at least 1.5 % higher than the gross variable rate payable on the £5,000 sovereign shares account .

It is best to let Wilfrid 's eighth-century biographer , Eddius Stephanus , tell the story thereafter .
it is best to let wilfrid 's eighth-century biographer , eddius stephanus , tell the story [after that] .

Thereafter it was continually in need of repair or subject to minor alteration until the Reformation , given a Lady Chapel for the cult of the Virgin in the later thirteenth century and , most obviously , a spire in the fifteenth century , making it one of the best landscape features of any medieval building , far less uniformly oppressive than Salisbury .
[after that] it was continually in need of repair or subject to minor alteration until the reformation , given a lady chapel for the cult of the virgin in the later thirteenth century and , most obviously , a spire in the fifteenth century , making it one of the best landscape features of any medieval building , far less uniformly oppressive than salisbury .

If Sussex people were greatly upset by the closure of the monasteries , they did not show it openly thereafter , and the county avoided the troubles of 1536 which affected the north of England .
if sussex people were greatly upset by the closure of the monasteries , they did not show it openly [after that] , and the county avoided the troubles of 1536 which affected the north of england .

These passed into royal administration , through the Court of Augmentations , and steadily thereafter into the hands of the nobility and gentry , greedy for land and status .
these passed into royal administration , through the court of augmentations , and steadily [after that] into the hands of the nobility and gentry , greedy for land and status .

Being born and brought up next to a butcher 's shop in a Somerset town in the closing years of the 18th century may not have been the healthiest start in life for a child , but those who saw out the dangerous first two or three years seemed to have stood a good chance of survival thereafter .
being born and brought up next to a butcher 's shop in a somerset town in the closing years of the 18th century may not have been the healthiest start in life for a child , but those who saw out the dangerous first two or three years seemed to have stood a good chance of survival [after that] .

With grain prices kept at an artificially high price thereafter , the further impoverishment of those already poor was the inevitable result .
with grain prices kept at an artificially high price [after that] , the further impoverishment of those already poor was the inevitable result .

Robert 's own Christian name , as we know , had come from his maternal grandfather , Robert Hasted , and he passed it on to his second child , Robert Edward ; thereafter the same name would continue in that branch of the family until well into the 20th century .
robert 's own christian name , as we know , had come from his maternal grandfather , robert hasted , and he passed it on to his second child , robert edward ; [after that] the same name would continue in that branch of the family until well into the 20th century .

Thereafter Lotus 's groupware product Notes will be harnessed to allow the spreadsheet sharing to take place even across a wide area network spanning several continents .
[after that] lotus 's groupware product notes will be harnessed to allow the spreadsheet sharing to take place even across a wide area network spanning several continents .

In 1988 the tax was rebased to 1982 , but at the cost of gains being charged thereafter as if they were marginal income .
in 1988 the tax was rebased to 1982 , but at the cost of gains being charged [after that] as if they were marginal income .

With the passage of time thereafter , the role of the audited accounts becomes progressively less important and other more up to date information , including up to date references and up to date experience of transactions and accounts , of whatever kind , covering later periods , become progressively more important .
with the passage of time [after that] , the role of the audited accounts becomes progressively less important and other more up to date information , including up to date references and up to date experience of transactions and accounts , of whatever kind , covering later periods , become progressively more important .

Thereafter the number of divorces started to grow rapidly and following legislation in 1971 which made divorce easier there was a further expansion .
[after that] the number of divorces started to grow rapidly and following legislation in 1971 which made divorce easier there was a further expansion .

The number of kin living together rose during the early industrial period ( up to the middle of the nineteenth century ) and remained fairly constant thereafter .
the number of kin living together rose during the early industrial period ( up to the middle of the nineteenth century ) and remained fairly constant [after that] .

Thereafter , expect inflation to creep up as stronger demand makes it easier for firms to charge customers for cost increases caused by devaluation .
[after that] , expect inflation to creep up as stronger demand makes it easier for firms to charge customers for cost increases caused by devaluation .

In terms of relieving over-crowding and dealing with the decay of older prisons , new and refurbished buildings clearly have something to offer but the sheer scale and cost of the proposals ( an average capital cost per place of £69,000 and thereafter £13,000 per prisoner per year to run ) has drawn much critical comment .
in terms of relieving over-crowding and dealing with the decay of older prisons , new and refurbished buildings clearly have something to offer but the sheer scale and cost of the proposals ( an average capital cost per place of £69,000 and [after that] £13,000 per prisoner per year to run ) has drawn much critical comment .

Thereafter , it was difficult for them to change .
[after that] , it was difficult for them to change .

Thereafter Texas became an independent country , with its own embassy in London , and ultimately a state of the Union .
[after that] texas became an independent country , with its own embassy in london , and ultimately a state of the union .

His cajoling got him as far as the first landing , but then his legs all but gave out , and thereafter he had to climb using his one good arm to haul him onwards .
his cajoling got him as far as the first landing , but then his legs all but gave out , and [after that] he had to climb using his one good arm to haul him onwards .

There was a little more , but both handwriting and the sentence structure deteriorated rapidly thereafter , as though Chant had panicked , and scrawled the rest while putting on his coat .
there was a little more , but both handwriting and the sentence structure deteriorated rapidly [after that] , as though chant had panicked , and scrawled the rest while putting on his coat .

These had peaked in 1950 with combined sales of 3.8 million but had gone steadily downhill thereafter .
these had peaked in 1950 with combined sales of 3.8 million but had gone steadily downhill [after that] .

Thereafter it was complicated by the immense success of the Daily Mirror , which had been turned into Britain 's first mass market tabloid in 1935 .
[after that] it was complicated by the immense success of the daily mirror , which had been turned into britain 's first mass market tabloid in 1935 .

There he found a whole drama of ‘ switches ’ and changes , ‘ the first open declaration of a real intimacy ’ coming in Sonnet 13 , with ‘ the humble poet ’ thereafter oscillating between Thou and You according to how things stood between him and his ‘ wealthy aristocrat ’ .
there he found a whole drama of ‘ switches ’ and changes , ‘ the first open declaration of a real intimacy ’ coming in sonnet 13 , with ‘ the humble poet ’ [after that] oscillating between thou and you according to how things stood between him and his ‘ wealthy aristocrat ’ .

The tax signalled that he was both tough on the deficit ( it will raise , he hopes , $ 12 billion over the next five years , and $ 12 billion a year thereafter ) and serious about the environment ( the more people have to pay for energy , the less likely they are to squander it . )
the tax signalled that he was both tough on the deficit ( it will raise , he hopes , $ 12 billion over the next five years , and $ 12 billion a year [after that] ) and serious about the environment ( the more people have to pay for energy , the less likely they are to squander it . )

The commander of the East Indiaman Woodcott , Captain Ninian Lowis , married the daughter of a prominent Stirlingshire freeholder , John Monro of Auchenbowie , and thereafter the voyages of Auchenbowie 's son-in-law were of no small concern to the county member , Sir Thomas Dundas .
the commander of the east indiaman woodcott , captain ninian lowis , married the daughter of a prominent stirlingshire freeholder , john monro of auchenbowie , and [after that] the voyages of auchenbowie 's son-in-law were of no small concern to the county member , sir thomas dundas .

Interest was needed to obtain any office , but all too often it was also required to rise in rank thereafter , and something more than the ‘ ability and character ’ mentioned by Scott would be needed to take the junior clerk to the headship of a department .
interest was needed to obtain any office , but all too often it was also required to rise in rank [after that] , and something more than the ‘ ability and character ’ mentioned by scott would be needed to take the junior clerk to the headship of a department .

Shortly thereafter , however , the Haldane party struck back , by securing the return of Morris to the Inverkeithing station and the transfer of Sharp to distant Ayr , where his ability to participate in burgh politics would be somewhat restricted .
shortly [after that] , however , the haldane party struck back , by securing the return of morris to the inverkeithing station and the transfer of sharp to distant ayr , where his ability to participate in burgh politics would be somewhat restricted .

Main 's removal at the instigation of Cunningham 's enemies , and the appointment shortly thereafter of Cunnan to act in his place , had , as Provost Cunningham remarked , made ‘ a very great noise ’ , and by providing this evidence of their influence , the Haldane party could argue plausibly that all of the partisans of the Cunningham faction then in office would not retain their places for much longer .
main 's removal at the instigation of cunningham 's enemies , and the appointment shortly [after that] of cunnan to act in his place , had , as provost cunningham remarked , made ‘ a very great noise ’ , and by providing this evidence of their influence , the haldane party could argue plausibly that all of the partisans of the cunningham faction then in office would not retain their places for much longer .

Sometimes a solution could be found in compromise , in which two candidates would join forces to defeat a third and thereafter share the perquisites of office equitably .
sometimes a solution could be found in compromise , in which two candidates would join forces to defeat a third and [after that] share the perquisites of office equitably .

The joint-collectorship was short-lived , however , and the office was shortly thereafter acquired in the county of Stirling by another freeholder in the Montrose interest , MacFarlane of Kirkton , though not without some difficulties .
the joint-collectorship was short-lived , however , and the office was shortly [after that] acquired in the county of stirling by another freeholder in the montrose interest , macfarlane of kirkton , though not without some difficulties .

Another special feature was the size of the groups , ten in the first year , twelve in the second and fifteen thereafter .
another special feature was the size of the groups , ten in the first year , twelve in the second and fifteen [after that] .

Thereafter his researches had moved into the realms of fantasy .
[after that] his researches had moved into the realms of fantasy .

Thereafter Anselm gave him such aid as he could against the despoilers of his see among the Norman barons who had recently penetrated into southern Wales as far as Pembroke .
[after that] anselm gave him such aid as he could against the despoilers of his see among the norman barons who had recently penetrated into southern wales as far as pembroke .

Thereafter , primacy sank into insignificant arguments about precedence .
[after that] , primacy sank into insignificant arguments about precedence .

Editions Aldines have just published Jacopo da Pontormo ( FFr680 until 31 January and FFr750 thereafter ) .
editions aldines have just published jacopo da pontormo ( ffr680 until 31 january and ffr750 [after that] ) .

Those aged 75 years and over use the whole gamut of health and personal social services more than do younger people , and both usage and need increase with age thereafter .
those aged 75 years and over use the whole gamut of health and personal social services more than do younger people , and both usage and need increase with age [after that] .

thereafter .
[after that] .

Thereafter , they return to store ; for how long , not even the Italian Ministry of Culture knows .
[after that] , they return to store ; for how long , not even the italian ministry of culture knows .

Thereafter we head south again through coastal plain and adjoining mountains , through pineapple country , eucalypt forest , seaside resort , along freeways and dirt roads with houses here and there that might have been obtained through mail-order catalogues .
[after that] we head south again through coastal plain and adjoining mountains , through pineapple country , eucalypt forest , seaside resort , along freeways and dirt roads with houses here and there that might have been obtained through mail-order catalogues .

It was the intellectual or doctrinal basis for antislavery 's main economic appeal thereafter .
it was the intellectual or doctrinal basis for antislavery 's main economic appeal [after that] .

At the point when abolitionists turned to making the emancipation issue a mass campaign they published their own news-sheet , the Anti-Slavery Monthly Reporter ( 1825–30 ) , followed by the Anti-Slavery Reporter ( 1830–3 ) and thereafter the mark of an antislavery organisation with claims to national standing was a paper of this kind .
at the point when abolitionists turned to making the emancipation issue a mass campaign they published their own news-sheet , the anti-slavery monthly reporter ( 1825–30 ) , followed by the anti-slavery reporter ( 1830–3 ) and [after that] the mark of an antislavery organisation with claims to national standing was a paper of this kind .

Thereafter we shall very briefly outline some of the main trends in theology beyond Germany in the same period .
[after that] we shall very briefly outline some of the main trends in theology beyond germany in the same period .

In 1921 , the year that the second ( and heavily altered ) edition of his Romans appeared , he was called to a university chair in Göttingen , and thereafter to Münster ( 1925 ) and Bonn ( 1930 ) .
in 1921 , the year that the second ( and heavily altered ) edition of his romans appeared , he was called to a university chair in göttingen , and [after that] to münster ( 1925 ) and bonn ( 1930 ) .

Bultmann was primarily a New Testament scholar , and his theological position , once he had settled it to his own satisfaction , remained more or less inflexible thereafter .
bultmann was primarily a new testament scholar , and his theological position , once he had settled it to his own satisfaction , remained more or less inflexible [after that] .

Change 30% of the water , every other day for two weeks , weekly thereafter .
change 30% of the water , every other day for two weeks , weekly [after that] .

In terms of closeness to hearing children 's reading , deaf children are only within striking distance between the ages of 7 and 8 years and thereafter suffer significant decline in relative performance which produces very poor performance by the time they leave school .
in terms of closeness to hearing children 's reading , deaf children are only within striking distance between the ages of 7 and 8 years and [after that] suffer significant decline in relative performance which produces very poor performance by the time they leave school .

This was encouraged by the traditional view of a skilled man as one who learned his trade by the age of 21 and thereafter practised it for more than forty years until he retired at 65 .
this was encouraged by the traditional view of a skilled man as one who learned his trade by the age of 21 and [after that] practised it for more than forty years until he retired at 65 .

Thereafter the educational system supplements the interaction with family and friends in providing facilities and exemplars for further symbolic and social skill development .
[after that] the educational system supplements the interaction with family and friends in providing facilities and exemplars for further symbolic and social skill development .

For example a chemist will learn about compounds by laboriously memorising as a student the properties of each one separately but eventually sets of compounds are perceived as a pattern and thereafter all the relevant material is readily available because it fits together neatly .
for example a chemist will learn about compounds by laboriously memorising as a student the properties of each one separately but eventually sets of compounds are perceived as a pattern and [after that] all the relevant material is readily available because it fits together neatly .

In this last case the interviewee begins by providing information which facilitates a diagnosis and the interviewer thereafter provides information about possible causes and remedies .
in this last case the interviewee begins by providing information which facilitates a diagnosis and the interviewer [after that] provides information about possible causes and remedies .

Thereafter , his form fluctuated as irregularly as his training and his domestic affairs .
[after that] , his form fluctuated as irregularly as his training and his domestic affairs .

London-born Mike MacFarlane established himself as the top black British athlete by winning the 200 metres European title , though his form thereafter lapsed and , although he made the 1980 Olympic sprint team , he failed to make the finals .
london-born mike macfarlane established himself as the top black british athlete by winning the 200 metres european title , though his form [after that] lapsed and , although he made the 1980 olympic sprint team , he failed to make the finals .

Thereafter , there is a steady decline of interest in science and this disillusionment extends right through the secondary-school years and into the undergraduate period .
[after that] , there is a steady decline of interest in science and this disillusionment extends right through the secondary-school years and into the undergraduate period .

Unfortunately for the adventurers , the swords carried by the suits of armour ( one in each gauntlet ) each have a Zone-dispelling effect enchanted on them ; each sword can dispel any one Zone spell on contact , thereafter becoming an enchanted sword with no bonuses or special abilities .
unfortunately for the adventurers , the swords carried by the suits of armour ( one in each gauntlet ) each have a zone-dispelling effect enchanted on them ; each sword can dispel any one zone spell on contact , [after that] becoming an enchanted sword with no bonuses or special abilities .

Three rounds later , and each four rounds thereafter , two more Bloodletters appear .
three rounds later , and each four rounds [after that] , two more bloodletters appear .

Six rounds after these three attack , two more will appear 12 yards from the arch , and then two more each three rounds thereafter .
six rounds after these three attack , two more will appear 12 yards from the arch , and then two more each three rounds [after that] .

Two rounds after the adventurers enter here , and each round thereafter , there is a 50 % chance that a pupa will be destroyed in this way .
two rounds after the adventurers enter here , and each round [after that] , there is a 50 % chance that a pupa will be destroyed in this way .

Thereafter , relations between the English church and Protestant churches abroad continued to deteriorate .
[after that] , relations between the english church and protestant churches abroad continued to deteriorate .

Thereafter , however , most refused to countenance the use of any pictorial assistance .
[after that] , however , most refused to countenance the use of any pictorial assistance .

6.1 This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of this Agreement and shall continue for a period of three years and from year to year thereafter until or unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than six months ' prior written notice , subject always to prior termination as hereinafter specified .
6.1 this agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of this agreement and shall continue for a period of three years and from year to year [after that] until or unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than six months ' prior written notice , subject always to prior termination as hereinafter specified .

6.4 Upon expiry or termination , for whatever reason , of this Agreement , shall return or destroy as shall instruct no later that 30 ( thirty ) days thereafter , all Licensed Software , documentation , technical information and any other data supplied to during the continuance in effect of this Agreement and all and any copies made of the whole or any part of the same and shall furnish with a certificate , certifying that the same has been done , except such supporting software , information and data which will require to continue to support the Licensed Software being the date of expiry or termination where permits to do so .
6.4 upon expiry or termination , for whatever reason , of this agreement , shall return or destroy as shall instruct no later that 30 ( thirty ) days [after that] , all licensed software , documentation , technical information and any other data supplied to during the continuance in effect of this agreement and all and any copies made of the whole or any part of the same and shall furnish with a certificate , certifying that the same has been done , except such supporting software , information and data which will require to continue to support the licensed software being the date of expiry or termination where permits to do so .

If a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the Prime contractor may notify the Non-academic Parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a consolidated claim without including such missing claim and may thereafter proceed with such submission accordingly .
if a claim is not provided by the agreed date , the prime contractor may notify the non-academic parties responsible for that claim that it intends to submit a consolidated claim without including such missing claim and may [after that] proceed with such submission accordingly .

Either party may give written notice to the other of a change of address , and after notice of such change has been served and received , any notice , document or request given or served thereafter shall be given to or served upon such party at such changed address .
either party may give written notice to the other of a change of address , and after notice of such change has been served and received , any notice , document or request given or served [after that] shall be given to or served upon such party at such changed address .

12% ( twelve per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts on the first 12,000 ( twelve thousand ) copies of the Work sold , increasing to 15% ( fifteen per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts thereafter .
12% ( twelve per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts on the first 12,000 ( twelve thousand ) copies of the work sold , increasing to 15% ( fifteen per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts [after that] .

This majority was increased in subsequent elections , and the Labour Party came to command a seemingly unassailable authority over local politics that lasted until 1965 , when the borough amalgamated with East Ham into Newham , and thereafter .
this majority was increased in subsequent elections , and the labour party came to command a seemingly unassailable authority over local politics that lasted until 1965 , when the borough amalgamated with east ham into newham , and [after that] .

Joan accordingly took up the post of companion to the lady Anne and thereafter had no great difficulty in adjusting to a new and privileged life-style .
joan accordingly took up the post of companion to the lady anne and [after that] had no great difficulty in adjusting to a new and privileged life-style .

Since complete title pages , in the modern sense , appear in most books from about 1520 , the colophon thereafter declined in use and , where found , gives only cursory information in extension or confirmation of what was stated at the outset .
since complete title pages , in the modern sense , appear in most books from about 1520 , the colophon [after that] declined in use and , where found , gives only cursory information in extension or confirmation of what was stated at the outset .

Thereafter confusion set in and , from scenes of events , groups of figures , etc .
[after that] confusion set in and , from scenes of events , groups of figures , etc .

More conservative writers see a tendency for power to diffuse out of government to interest group elites making policy in continuous negotiation with executive agencies , under the remit of wide ‘ enabling ’ legislation passed by the legislature and thereafter incapable of being controlled ( Lowi , 1969 ) .
more conservative writers see a tendency for power to diffuse out of government to interest group elites making policy in continuous negotiation with executive agencies , under the remit of wide ‘ enabling ’ legislation passed by the legislature and [after that] incapable of being controlled ( lowi , 1969 ) .

Thereafter , the defendant must have pulled down her pants and tights and stabbed her private parts a number of times .
[after that] , the defendant must have pulled down her pants and tights and stabbed her private parts a number of times .

Release 7.3 will be available in the second quarter of 1993 priced at $ 435 per user for up to 64 users , $ 365 thereafter .
release 7.3 will be available in the second quarter of 1993 priced at $ 435 per user for up to 64 users , $ 365 [after that] .

Amnesty International is calling on the Cuban Government to release all prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally ; to permit political detainees to see their lawyers immediately after arrest and regularly thereafter ; and to incorporate international fair trial standards into Cuban law and legal practice .
amnesty international is calling on the cuban government to release all prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally ; to permit political detainees to see their lawyers immediately after arrest and regularly [after that] ; and to incorporate international fair trial standards into cuban law and legal practice .

Many puppies are infected at birth with the roundworm Toxocara canis and so must be wormed frequently on a vet s advice for the first six months of life , and regularly thereafter .
many puppies are infected at birth with the roundworm toxocara canis and so must be wormed frequently on a vet s advice for the first six months of life , and regularly [after that] .

The advantage for the butterfly is that if a bird seizes it by the wings , and is reminded of some earlier unpleasant experience with the species and its toxin , it will release the insect unharmed : a bluejay that has never seen a monarch butterfly will readily catch and eat it ; but within 15–30 minutes the toxins in the butterfly 's body cause the bird to vomit , and one such encounter is sufficient to make a bluejay avoid monarchs thereafter .
the advantage for the butterfly is that if a bird seizes it by the wings , and is reminded of some earlier unpleasant experience with the species and its toxin , it will release the insect unharmed : a bluejay that has never seen a monarch butterfly will readily catch and eat it ; but within 15–30 minutes the toxins in the butterfly 's body cause the bird to vomit , and one such encounter is sufficient to make a bluejay avoid monarchs [after that] .

Thereafter its fortunes suffered a steep decline .
[after that] its fortunes suffered a steep decline .

The amputee 's tongue flickered silently , stumpily , as though tasting the molecules of Lexandro 's sweat which escaped into the air , before he resumed his discourse : ‘ The longest that anyone has endured a nerveglove at level tertius until irreversible insanity , is fifty-two minutes — by which time the pain signals were so burned into the nerves that they could never cease thereafter . ’
the amputee 's tongue flickered silently , stumpily , as though tasting the molecules of lexandro 's sweat which escaped into the air , before he resumed his discourse : ‘ the longest that anyone has endured a nerveglove at level tertius until irreversible insanity , is fifty-two minutes — by which time the pain signals were so burned into the nerves that they could never cease [after that] . ’

‘ And the Deeds of Rogal Dorn thereafter compose an entire hagiography , which we will now start to consider in detail — commencing with our Primarch 's role in the expulsion of the renegade Iron Warriors from the Human Imperium into the forbidden zone known as the Eye of Chaos , a region about which we speak softly if at all … ’
‘ and the deeds of rogal dorn [after that] compose an entire hagiography , which we will now start to consider in detail — commencing with our primarch 's role in the expulsion of the renegade iron warriors from the human imperium into the forbidden zone known as the eye of chaos , a region about which we speak softly if at all … ’

Thereafter , Yeremi himself would never again be fazed by being decanted into any foreign environment .
[after that] , yeremi himself would never again be fazed by being decanted into any foreign environment .

Thereafter my father , like the Yorkshireman he was , refused to pay for any further repairs .
[after that] my father , like the yorkshireman he was , refused to pay for any further repairs .

Shortly thereafter , it was discovered that these supposedly indivisible atoms are made up of electrons revolving about a nucleus with energies of the order of a few electron-volts .
shortly [after that] , it was discovered that these supposedly indivisible atoms are made up of electrons revolving about a nucleus with energies of the order of a few electron-volts .

Thereafter , the number and reach of disclaimers grew to the point where carriers customarily exempted themselves from liability for every conceivable act or event that could damage the goods , including their own negligence .
[after that] , the number and reach of disclaimers grew to the point where carriers customarily exempted themselves from liability for every conceivable act or event that could damage the goods , including their own negligence .

Thereafter it lingered on with uneasy support from the Nationalist members who needed a Cabinet sympathetic to Scottish and Welsh devolution .
[after that] it lingered on with uneasy support from the nationalist members who needed a cabinet sympathetic to scottish and welsh devolution .

The Gorgoneion ( Gorgon-face ) , adapted from eastern models , appears in Greek art in the mid seventh century and long retains this generalised protective role.24 From the start , however , it is also associated with a particular story : the head of Medusa , cut off by Perseus with Athena 's help , and thereafter worn by the goddess on her aegis .
the gorgoneion ( gorgon-face ) , adapted from eastern models , appears in greek art in the mid seventh century and long retains this generalised protective role.24 from the start , however , it is also associated with a particular story : the head of medusa , cut off by perseus with athena 's help , and [after that] worn by the goddess on her aegis .

The immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to Mrs Castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .
the immediate ‘ bone ’ offered to mrs castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that [after that] further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .

Thereafter there are various in-service courses .
[after that] there are various in-service courses .

Thereafter , a general election would take place and the legislators would be invited to draw up a new constitution on Dominion lines .
[after that] , a general election would take place and the legislators would be invited to draw up a new constitution on dominion lines .

Sukarno 's moment came in 1942 when Japan overran South-East Asia : the same moment as for Aung San and thereafter for Nu .
sukarno 's moment came in 1942 when japan overran south-east asia : the same moment as for aung san and [after that] for nu .

He assumed the name Ho Chi Minh , ‘ the Enlightened ’ , at some time between 1942 and 1943 and soon thereafter he began to acquire fame .
he assumed the name ho chi minh , ‘ the enlightened ’ , at some time between 1942 and 1943 and soon [after that] he began to acquire fame .

In this account he will be called ‘ Nguyen Ai Quoc ’ until 1941/2 and ‘ Ho Chi Minh ’ or ‘ Ho ’ thereafter .
in this account he will be called ‘ nguyen ai quoc ’ until 1941/2 and ‘ ho chi minh ’ or ‘ ho ’ [after that] .

Thereafter , the fieldworkers were passed on from person to person within the communities ; thus , the informant groups were self-recruited in that the speakers were not known to the investigators beforehand .
[after that] , the fieldworkers were passed on from person to person within the communities ; thus , the informant groups were self-recruited in that the speakers were not known to the investigators beforehand .

Section 5 of the Business Names Act 1985 provides that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and thereafter seeks to enforce a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and equitable ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .
section 5 of the business names act 1985 provides that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and [after that] seeks to enforce a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and equitable ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .

In the happier situation where the assets are sufficient , s. 44 ( b ) provides that debts and liabilities to persons outside the partnership are to be settled first : partners ' loans should then be repaid ; thereafter , partners ' capital contributions and finally any surplus assets should be distributed among the partners in the same proportions as they are entitled to take a share in the profits .
in the happier situation where the assets are sufficient , s. 44 ( b ) provides that debts and liabilities to persons outside the partnership are to be settled first : partners ' loans should then be repaid ; [after that] , partners ' capital contributions and finally any surplus assets should be distributed among the partners in the same proportions as they are entitled to take a share in the profits .

no administrative receiver , Law of Property or any other kind of receiver can thereafter be appointed ;
no administrative receiver , law of property or any other kind of receiver can [after that] be appointed ;

The expenses of the winding up must always be met first ; thereafter all preferred debts rank equally if sufficient funds are available to meet them , otherwise the following ‘ pecking order ’ is observed :
the expenses of the winding up must always be met first ; [after that] all preferred debts rank equally if sufficient funds are available to meet them , otherwise the following ‘ pecking order ’ is observed :

Training is offered by the franchisor ; thus the entrepreneur has a helping hand to assist in the early stages and thereafter .
training is offered by the franchisor ; thus the entrepreneur has a helping hand to assist in the early stages and [after that] .

However , an existing tenancy entered into prior to the above date will not be protected , unless it continues for two years , when it will come within the 1954 Act from 11 July 1992 and be protected thereafter .
however , an existing tenancy entered into prior to the above date will not be protected , unless it continues for two years , when it will come within the 1954 act from 11 july 1992 and be protected [after that] .

If three months thereafter the landlord has not replied in writing to the tenant objecting to the proposed alterations , the tenant is entitled to presume that the landlord consents to the alterations .
if three months [after that] the landlord has not replied in writing to the tenant objecting to the proposed alterations , the tenant is entitled to presume that the landlord consents to the alterations .

Where planning permission is required an architect will need to be instructed to draw up complete plans of the proposed work which are thereafter submitted to the local planning office .
where planning permission is required an architect will need to be instructed to draw up complete plans of the proposed work which are [after that] submitted to the local planning office .

That theory 's notion of a world economy is , in its simplest form , based on the view that , since the inception of capitalism in Europe , every part of the globe is linked together through a world market and , thereafter , all that happens obeys the logic of that world market so as to generate profits for enterprises in the advanced capitalist countries .
that theory 's notion of a world economy is , in its simplest form , based on the view that , since the inception of capitalism in europe , every part of the globe is linked together through a world market and , [after that] , all that happens obeys the logic of that world market so as to generate profits for enterprises in the advanced capitalist countries .

As Summerson remarks of London , the Reform Bill of 1832 marked the final end of that tradition , and thereafter ‘ social responsibility was gradually shaken out of the aristocracy without being shaken into the bourgeoisie ’ .
as summerson remarks of london , the reform bill of 1832 marked the final end of that tradition , and [after that] ‘ social responsibility was gradually shaken out of the aristocracy without being shaken into the bourgeoisie ’ .

Thereafter their path lay increasingly downwards .
[after that] their path lay increasingly downwards .

Thereafter , the task of evaluation is to ascertain whether or not the pre-specified goals ( aims and objectives ) have been achieved .
[after that] , the task of evaluation is to ascertain whether or not the pre-specified goals ( aims and objectives ) have been achieved .

In 1317 the communes in the valley forced the Benedictines to sign an agreement to share power and for several centuries thereafter local affairs were managed jointly by the abbey and by the ‘ Republic of Saint-Savin ' .
in 1317 the communes in the valley forced the benedictines to sign an agreement to share power and for several centuries [after that] local affairs were managed jointly by the abbey and by the ‘ republic of saint-savin ' .

Thereafter , clause 54 was not the subject of further debate and passed into law as it now stands as section 63 of the Act .
[after that] , clause 54 was not the subject of further debate and passed into law as it now stands as section 63 of the act .

While the reputation of such men as Woodruffe seems to have emerged unscathed , the union activities of the Loyal Standard thereafter declined rapidly .
while the reputation of such men as woodruffe seems to have emerged unscathed , the union activities of the loyal standard [after that] declined rapidly .

One organization had responded to such a situation by issuing fixed-term contracts for a period equivalent to its minimum planned needs and then retaining the workers concerned on one week 's notice , with no obligation to negotiate their dismissal with the trade unions if their services were still required thereafter .
one organization had responded to such a situation by issuing fixed-term contracts for a period equivalent to its minimum planned needs and then retaining the workers concerned on one week 's notice , with no obligation to negotiate their dismissal with the trade unions if their services were still required [after that] .

‘ a member of a college puts himself voluntarily under a peculiar system of law , and assents to being bound by it , and can not thereafter complain that such system is not in accordance with that adopted by the common law .
‘ a member of a college puts himself voluntarily under a peculiar system of law , and assents to being bound by it , and can not [after that] complain that such system is not in accordance with that adopted by the common law .

We took a tripod , but it fell into the sea shortly after our arrival , and thereafter twisted on its axis with the serenity of a chain saw .
we took a tripod , but it fell into the sea shortly after our arrival , and [after that] twisted on its axis with the serenity of a chain saw .

Whereupon , declaring that no less precious food should thereafter pass her lips , the lady had , variously , starved herself to death or flung herself from the window , in which case her blood had forever coloured the ruddy rocks of Roussillon .
whereupon , declaring that no less precious food should [after that] pass her lips , the lady had , variously , starved herself to death or flung herself from the window , in which case her blood had forever coloured the ruddy rocks of roussillon .

Thin the seedlings to 23cm ( 9in ) apart , and thereafter keep free of weeks , and water well in dry weather .
thin the seedlings to 23cm ( 9in ) apart , and [after that] keep free of weeks , and water well in dry weather .

Leaves can be collected from six weeks after germination , and thereafter continuously , provided the flowering stems are removed .
leaves can be collected from six weeks after germination , and [after that] continuously , provided the flowering stems are removed .

Flowering stems will be produced in the second year , and thereafter it will self-sow .
flowering stems will be produced in the second year , and [after that] it will self-sow .

They should be thinned to about 25cm ( 10in ) apart , and will thereafter seed themselves .
they should be thinned to about 25cm ( 10in ) apart , and will [after that] seed themselves .

He may be mute for some minutes and have difficulty in naming objects and carrying out commands for a little while thereafter .
he may be mute for some minutes and have difficulty in naming objects and carrying out commands for a little while [after that] .

Thereafter , the weight loss slows down to approximately 1–2lb per week , depending upon the type of diet .
[after that] , the weight loss slows down to approximately 1–2lb per week , depending upon the type of diet .

However , if weight loss is excessive , then muscle tissue rather than fat tissue is lost , and this in turn will slow down the metabolic rate , making it more difficult to lose weight thereafter .
however , if weight loss is excessive , then muscle tissue rather than fat tissue is lost , and this in turn will slow down the metabolic rate , making it more difficult to lose weight [after that] .

First of all , you have to finish reading up to page 100 , and do n't skip any pages , and do n't read any further either , because thereafter you read one page per day .
first of all , you have to finish reading up to page 100 , and do n't skip any pages , and do n't read any further either , because [after that] you read one page per day .

These symptoms are usually worse in the first few days , lessening thereafter .
these symptoms are usually worse in the first few days , lessening [after that] .

This is the initial action , the first step , and , for the writer , it can determine the whole nature of the response that will be made because it imposes , almost unconsciously , a straightjacket on the thought , development and structure that will thereafter be pursued . ``
this is the initial action , the first step , and , for the writer , it can determine the whole nature of the response that will be made because it imposes , almost unconsciously , a straightjacket on the thought , development and structure that will [after that] be pursued . ``

Proceed thereafter as for ( 1 ) .
proceed [after that] as for ( 1 ) .

Thereafter they were obliged to register as payers of fur-tribute ( for which the Russians used the Tatar term yasak ) .
[after that] they were obliged to register as payers of fur-tribute ( for which the russians used the tatar term yasak ) .

It was not fairy gold that had fallen into their open laps : the first Mrs Headleand , it was true , had conveniently died , but Charles and Liz thereafter had worked for their position .
it was not fairy gold that had fallen into their open laps : the first mrs headleand , it was true , had conveniently died , but charles and liz [after that] had worked for their position .

It would be wrong to give the impression that Liz , Alix and Esther fell into one another 's arms with cries of delight when they met again that October , or to suggest that they proved thereafter inseparable .
it would be wrong to give the impression that liz , alix and esther fell into one another 's arms with cries of delight when they met again that october , or to suggest that they proved [after that] inseparable .

Thereafter , the police are at his disposal .
[after that] , the police are at his disposal .

Thereafter he would be testing his hypothesis .
[after that] he would be testing his hypothesis .

‘ It would be extra-ordinary and , in our opinion , unthinkable if the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) were to be in a position thereafter to pronounce upon other grounds of appeal and thereby destroy the order of the House of Lords by again quashing the conviction . ’
‘ it would be extra-ordinary and , in our opinion , unthinkable if the court of appeal ( criminal division ) were to be in a position [after that] to pronounce upon other grounds of appeal and thereby destroy the order of the house of lords by again quashing the conviction . ’

Thereafter till the end of the century Cyrene virtually disappears from the record except that a Cyrenaean individual helped Athenian survivors of the Sicilian disaster of 413 ( IGi 3 125 ; Dem .
[after that] till the end of the century cyrene virtually disappears from the record except that a cyrenaean individual helped athenian survivors of the sicilian disaster of 413 ( igi 3 125 ; dem .

Until 1976 the Commission had responsibility for England , Wales and Scotland , but thereafter its role in the latter countries has been taken over by the Welsh and Scottish Development Agencies ( Carney and Hudson 1978 , 1979 ) .
until 1976 the commission had responsibility for england , wales and scotland , but [after that] its role in the latter countries has been taken over by the welsh and scottish development agencies ( carney and hudson 1978 , 1979 ) .

Thereafter the Board has considerable means at its disposal to implement these schemes , and is empowered to acquire land and buildings to promote activities and enterprises ( including the provision of grants and loans for these ventures ) and to offer advice and training .
[after that] the board has considerable means at its disposal to implement these schemes , and is empowered to acquire land and buildings to promote activities and enterprises ( including the provision of grants and loans for these ventures ) and to offer advice and training .

Thereafter , both under our domestic law and under the Convention , the courts have the power and the duty to assess the ‘ pressing social need ’ for the maintenance of confidentiality ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ against the basic right to freedom of expression and all other relevant factors .
[after that] , both under our domestic law and under the convention , the courts have the power and the duty to assess the ‘ pressing social need ’ for the maintenance of confidentiality ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ against the basic right to freedom of expression and all other relevant factors .

Thereafter the investigation was re-activated .
[after that] the investigation was re-activated .

Thereafter , in 1970 , 74 and 79 , the governing party has been rejected without however any great surge of popular support for the alternative party , at least by the standards of earlier years .
[after that] , in 1970 , 74 and 79 , the governing party has been rejected without however any great surge of popular support for the alternative party , at least by the standards of earlier years .

Between 1957 and 1967 eight times as many such collections appeared as in the previous decade , and thereafter the flow continued , if at a slower rate .
between 1957 and 1967 eight times as many such collections appeared as in the previous decade , and [after that] the flow continued , if at a slower rate .

Yet the number of peasants applying to withdraw their holdings from the commune peaked in 1909 , long before the war , and thereafter underwent a precipitate decline .
yet the number of peasants applying to withdraw their holdings from the commune peaked in 1909 , long before the war , and [after that] underwent a precipitate decline .

Widespread wage reductions were imposed during the recession of 1906–9 and price inflation thereafter impeded the recovery of real wage levels .
widespread wage reductions were imposed during the recession of 1906–9 and price inflation [after that] impeded the recovery of real wage levels .

Thereafter , the government 's refusal to heed criticism in the press and in the Duma became increasingly intransigent .
[after that] , the government 's refusal to heed criticism in the press and in the duma became increasingly intransigent .

Even before his death in 1911 Stolypin 's position had become untenable , and thereafter the government moved further to the Right , and ministers treated the Duma with ever greater contempt .
even before his death in 1911 stolypin 's position had become untenable , and [after that] the government moved further to the right , and ministers treated the duma with ever greater contempt .

Thereafter , the Duma could not be abolished altogether — not least for fear of undermining the confidence of Russia 's foreign creditors — yet even the drastic franchise reform of 1907 failed to produce a stable far-Right majority .
[after that] , the duma could not be abolished altogether — not least for fear of undermining the confidence of russia 's foreign creditors — yet even the drastic franchise reform of 1907 failed to produce a stable far-right majority .

Thereafter the proportion of radicals coming from noble backgrounds decreased , but the correlation between political allegiance and social origins was still very weak in the period before 1914 .
[after that] the proportion of radicals coming from noble backgrounds decreased , but the correlation between political allegiance and social origins was still very weak in the period before 1914 .

Following the Act 's implementation , the proportion of defendants who were refused bail while awaiting summary trial declined for a time , and even though it rose thereafter , in 1999 it was still 1 per cent below the 1979 figure of 16 per cent .
following the act 's implementation , the proportion of defendants who were refused bail while awaiting summary trial declined for a time , and even though it rose [after that] , in 1999 it was still 1 per cent below the 1979 figure of 16 per cent .

Thereafter the Turkish menace was laid to rest and Venice had no serious challenge to its authority in Dalmatia until Napoleon extinguished the republic itself in 1797 .
[after that] the turkish menace was laid to rest and venice had no serious challenge to its authority in dalmatia until napoleon extinguished the republic itself in 1797 .

within 48 hours thereafter notice was given to the officer in charge of a police station .
within 48 hours [after that] notice was given to the officer in charge of a police station .

If incapacity for work continues thereafter , a person can obtain invalidity benefit at the higher rate of £43.60 plus £26.20 for an adult dependant and £8.95 for each child .
if incapacity for work continues [after that] , a person can obtain invalidity benefit at the higher rate of £43.60 plus £26.20 for an adult dependant and £8.95 for each child .

Thereafter a continued slow rate of growth was accompanied by high rates of inflation and growing industrial recession and unemployment .
[after that] a continued slow rate of growth was accompanied by high rates of inflation and growing industrial recession and unemployment .

The incidence of anal cancer remained fairly constant in the period 1943–57 and was similar for men and women , but it increased 1.5-fold among men and nearly tripled among women thereafter .
the incidence of anal cancer remained fairly constant in the period 1943–57 and was similar for men and women , but it increased 1.5-fold among men and nearly tripled among women [after that] .

Up to 1922 weights were measured in pounds ( 1 lb=454 g : 1 lb=16 ounces ) ; thereafter some were recorded in grams .
up to 1922 weights were measured in pounds ( 1 lb=454 g : 1 lb=16 ounces ) ; [after that] some were recorded in grams .

Controls were rejected if blood pressures of 160/100 mm Hg or more were ever recorded under 40 , or 170/105 mm Hg thereafter .
controls were rejected if blood pressures of 160/100 mm hg or more were ever recorded under 40 , or 170/105 mm hg [after that] .

Richardson touched another Snell drifter , and thereafter only Adams could worthily claim ‘ dismissal ’ , when Donald bowled him .
richardson touched another snell drifter , and [after that] only adams could worthily claim ‘ dismissal ’ , when donald bowled him .

The workforce at Sullom Voe increased from around 1500 early in 1977 to over 6500 in 1979 and over 7200 in 1980 ; in 1981 the numbers fell to over 3000 with further declines thereafter .
the workforce at sullom voe increased from around 1500 early in 1977 to over 6500 in 1979 and over 7200 in 1980 ; in 1981 the numbers fell to over 3000 with further declines [after that] .

In 1861 the town was largely destroyed by fire ( fanned by the F0lin wind ) and was thereafter rebuilt .
in 1861 the town was largely destroyed by fire ( fanned by the f0lin wind ) and was [after that] rebuilt .

On thereafter toward the Grimsel Lake and then the summit of the Grimsel Pass ( at 1,652m , 5,419ft ) .
on [after that] toward the grimsel lake and then the summit of the grimsel pass ( at 1,652m , 5,419ft ) .

Thereafter there is a steeper ascent to Schangnau , 10km ( 6 miles ) south of Wiggen , a farming village which also caters for winter sports .
[after that] there is a steeper ascent to schangnau , 10km ( 6 miles ) south of wiggen , a farming village which also caters for winter sports .

" They therefore do appoint that a merket shall be weekly held upon the open Street of Bowmore upon friday , the 1st. to be upon friday the 5th. day of November next , and to be from thenseforth contiunes weekly thereafter … and that there may be no fraud in the weight or measure of the different Vivers and commodities Brought for Sale to this weekly merket , the Meeting do hereby appoint Archd . Adair in Bowmore to be Dean of Guild for regulating weights and measures … "
" they therefore do appoint that a merket shall be weekly held upon the open street of bowmore upon friday , the 1st. to be upon friday the 5th. day of november next , and to be from thenseforth contiunes weekly [after that] … and that there may be no fraud in the weight or measure of the different vivers and commodities brought for sale to this weekly merket , the meeting do hereby appoint archd . adair in bowmore to be dean of guild for regulating weights and measures … "

Though the number of people over the age of 65 is predicted not to increase over the next 10 years and to rise slowly thereafter , the profile of this group will change considerably .
though the number of people over the age of 65 is predicted not to increase over the next 10 years and to rise slowly [after that] , the profile of this group will change considerably .

Such children may require parenteral nutrition for three to six weeks and careful introduction of oral feeds but thereafter develop normally without handicap .
such children may require parenteral nutrition for three to six weeks and careful introduction of oral feeds but [after that] develop normally without handicap .

Thereafter Minton never lost an opportunity to tease Bobby about his sex life which soon became linked in his mind with Hunt 's premature baldness ( ‘ Losing your hair , dear boy ?
[after that] minton never lost an opportunity to tease bobby about his sex life which soon became linked in his mind with hunt 's premature baldness ( ‘ losing your hair , dear boy ?

Thereafter the difference between his life class and that run by Ruskin Spear was that in Spear 's the students painted naked ladies , in Minton 's , naked men .
[after that] the difference between his life class and that run by ruskin spear was that in spear 's the students painted naked ladies , in minton 's , naked men .

Thereafter she marvelled continually at how animated and funny he could be .
[after that] she marvelled continually at how animated and funny he could be .

But a mutual trust and liking had been established and thereafter Alf Sparkes became a regular visitor , often arriving from Chatham at weekends on the motorbike that Minton bought him .
but a mutual trust and liking had been established and [after that] alf sparkes became a regular visitor , often arriving from chatham at weekends on the motorbike that minton bought him .

Thereafter Pecham and the king worked together in relative harmony , avoiding further crises , not only because the king had decisively cowed or suborned the clergy but also because of the archbishop 's paternalist view of his role and Edward 's astute sops to his ideals .
[after that] pecham and the king worked together in relative harmony , avoiding further crises , not only because the king had decisively cowed or suborned the clergy but also because of the archbishop 's paternalist view of his role and edward 's astute sops to his ideals .

The endowment of religious houses and other institutions , though greatly reduced until the end of the century , was thereafter far from contained by this statute and can not be measured simply by the licences enrolled in chancery , since various devices were employed to circumvent the law .
the endowment of religious houses and other institutions , though greatly reduced until the end of the century , was [after that] far from contained by this statute and can not be measured simply by the licences enrolled in chancery , since various devices were employed to circumvent the law .

The lower clergy were to pay at the reduced rate of the 1254 valuation , but , far more significantly , the tax was to be collected , supervised and delivered to the king by the clergy themselves — a procedure thereafter tenaciously preserved by Winchelsey and his successors .
the lower clergy were to pay at the reduced rate of the 1254 valuation , but , far more significantly , the tax was to be collected , supervised and delivered to the king by the clergy themselves — a procedure [after that] tenaciously preserved by winchelsey and his successors .

In 1272 Kilwardby , in 1399 Salmon of Norwich , and in 1303 Gainsborough of Worcester were all required to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal grant , an oath which was thereafter usual whenever a bishop obtained his see by provision .
in 1272 kilwardby , in 1399 salmon of norwich , and in 1303 gainsborough of worcester were all required to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal grant , an oath which was [after that] usual whenever a bishop obtained his see by provision .

This identity of provincial synods with convocations was strengthened because such synods were seldom assembled thereafter except on the king 's initiative and for the principal purpose of consenting to royal taxation .
this identity of provincial synods with convocations was strengthened because such synods were seldom assembled [after that] except on the king 's initiative and for the principal purpose of consenting to royal taxation .

This success lies behind his translation to Canterbury in the following year ; thereafter , until his death in 1381 , he presided over a period of taxation the scale of which exceeded even that of the early years of the reign .
this success lies behind his translation to canterbury in the following year ; [after that] , until his death in 1381 , he presided over a period of taxation the scale of which exceeded even that of the early years of the reign .

The difference between the two arguments seems to be in the route they pursue thereafter .
the difference between the two arguments seems to be in the route they pursue [after that] .

In an extended piece of discourse , a common procedure , known as anaphora , is for the identity of someone or something to be given once at the beginning , and thereafter referred to as she or he or it . This makes a kind of chain , running through the discourse , in which each expression is linked to another :
in an extended piece of discourse , a common procedure , known as anaphora , is for the identity of someone or something to be given once at the beginning , and [after that] referred to as she or he or it . this makes a kind of chain , running through the discourse , in which each expression is linked to another :

If during this time the ducklings see little but green rubber boots beside them , then it will be green rubber boots that thereafter they will try to follow , as many people who have raised waterfowl will testify .
if during this time the ducklings see little but green rubber boots beside them , then it will be green rubber boots that [after that] they will try to follow , as many people who have raised waterfowl will testify .

Thereafter , as many as a dozen other females will have added their own babies to the creche in the tunnel in the same way .
[after that] , as many as a dozen other females will have added their own babies to the creche in the tunnel in the same way .

Thereafter , a physiological change may cause them to develop a preference for fresher water so they are lured up the rivers , just as spiny lobsters , at a particular time of the year , are drawn to lower temperatures .
[after that] , a physiological change may cause them to develop a preference for fresher water so they are lured up the rivers , just as spiny lobsters , at a particular time of the year , are drawn to lower temperatures .

Thereafter it hammers away with great effect until it has excavated a narrow tunnel as much as three feet long .
[after that] it hammers away with great effect until it has excavated a narrow tunnel as much as three feet long .

The queen grows in size , and thereafter for the rest of her life continues producing eggs which hatch into workers and soldiers .
the queen grows in size , and [after that] for the rest of her life continues producing eggs which hatch into workers and soldiers .

They completed the epic length ‘ The Daleks ’ Master Plan ' story as a joint endeavour early in 1966 , but thereafter they expressed a wish to branch outwards and explore new design horizons .
they completed the epic length ‘ the daleks ’ master plan ' story as a joint endeavour early in 1966 , but [after that] they expressed a wish to branch outwards and explore new design horizons .

Another electronic effect , pioneered for this story , and thereafter used in all subsequent Dalek serials , was the Dalek extermination effect-a very simple trick of opening a camera 's aperture too wide , thereby admitting in too much light , swamping the camera 's electronics and causing it to send back to the gallery a negative image .
another electronic effect , pioneered for this story , and [after that] used in all subsequent dalek serials , was the dalek extermination effect-a very simple trick of opening a camera 's aperture too wide , thereby admitting in too much light , swamping the camera 's electronics and causing it to send back to the gallery a negative image .

The second season of Doctor Who was originally scheduled to run forty-four weeks as a continuous serial , giving way thereafter to an eight week break before , presumably , a third season .
the second season of doctor who was originally scheduled to run forty-four weeks as a continuous serial , giving way [after that] to an eight week break before , presumably , a third season .

Carole Ann Ford made her first film appearance at the age of eight , retired to school for a few years , and then emerged again at fifteen , working constantly thereafter until her landing of the part of Susan Foreman in the Summer of 1963 .
carole ann ford made her first film appearance at the age of eight , retired to school for a few years , and then emerged again at fifteen , working constantly [after that] until her landing of the part of susan foreman in the summer of 1963 .

On 30 November 1983 the then Secretary of State made a statement to Parliament explaining how he proposed thereafter to exercise his powers under the subsection .
on 30 november 1983 the then secretary of state made a statement to parliament explaining how he proposed [after that] to exercise his powers under the subsection .

The sealing of committal orders should have the highest priority , taking place preferably on the day of committal and certainly as soon as practicable thereafter .
the sealing of committal orders should have the highest priority , taking place preferably on the day of committal and certainly as soon as practicable [after that] .

( 1 ) The sealing of committal orders should have the highest priority and should take place preferably on the day of committal and certainly as soon as practicable thereafter .
( 1 ) the sealing of committal orders should have the highest priority and should take place preferably on the day of committal and certainly as soon as practicable [after that] .

In other words , whilst the power to decide to serve an intervention notice without first hearing representations from persons affected was not in itself so unfair as to invalidate the notice , a lack of any means by which the person could immediately thereafter challenge the notice was in my opinion a breach of the requirements of fairness which the law should imply .
in other words , whilst the power to decide to serve an intervention notice without first hearing representations from persons affected was not in itself so unfair as to invalidate the notice , a lack of any means by which the person could immediately [after that] challenge the notice was in my opinion a breach of the requirements of fairness which the law should imply .

Thereafter , she became a statutory tenant under section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , and giving the words of that subsection their natural meaning , it would appear that she was by the Act to remain a statutory tenant so long as she continued in occupation of the dwelling-house .
[after that] , she became a statutory tenant under section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , and giving the words of that subsection their natural meaning , it would appear that she was by the act to remain a statutory tenant so long as she continued in occupation of the dwelling-house .

Under clause 7 the first defendant was given power to appoint a receiver and ‘ either at the time of his appointment or any time thereafter [ to ] fix his remuneration … ’ Clause 8 provided :
under clause 7 the first defendant was given power to appoint a receiver and ‘ either at the time of his appointment or any time [after that] [ to ] fix his remuneration … ’ clause 8 provided :

Thereafter , there were allegations of non-payment of rent , wants of repair , and so forth , and ultimately there were no fewer than eight actions on foot : three by the plaintiff against the assignee ; one by the assignee against the plaintiff ; two actions by the assignee against its underlessees — one against each — and two actions , one by each of its underlessees , against the assignee .
[after that] , there were allegations of non-payment of rent , wants of repair , and so forth , and ultimately there were no fewer than eight actions on foot : three by the plaintiff against the assignee ; one by the assignee against the plaintiff ; two actions by the assignee against its underlessees — one against each — and two actions , one by each of its underlessees , against the assignee .

The Act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register in which thereafter all British fishing vessels were to be registered , including those which were already registered in the old general register maintained under the Act of 1894 .
the act of 1988 provided for the establishment of a new register in which [after that] all british fishing vessels were to be registered , including those which were already registered in the old general register maintained under the act of 1894 .

The dock company went into occupation on 1 January 1984 and thereafter commenced operations .
the dock company went into occupation on 1 january 1984 and [after that] commenced operations .

In short , where planning consent is given for a development or change of use , the question of nuisance will thereafter fall to be decided by reference to a neighbourhood with that development or use and not as it was previously .
in short , where planning consent is given for a development or change of use , the question of nuisance will [after that] fall to be decided by reference to a neighbourhood with that development or use and not as it was previously .

Thereafter the defendants executed a charge on their property in favour of the second defendants .
[after that] the defendants executed a charge on their property in favour of the second defendants .

There was thereafter a not inconsiderable delay which the plaintiff explained was due to the delays in the correspondence with the Land Registry and also with the mortgagees ' solicitors .
there was [after that] a not inconsiderable delay which the plaintiff explained was due to the delays in the correspondence with the land registry and also with the mortgagees ' solicitors .

Thereafter section 433 of the Act of 1986 renders the evidence admissible .
[after that] section 433 of the act of 1986 renders the evidence admissible .

If , however , that order was the subject of an appeal to the Divisional Court , then the practice was that they thereafter drafted reasons , usually in quite considerable detail .
if , however , that order was the subject of an appeal to the divisional court , then the practice was that they [after that] drafted reasons , usually in quite considerable detail .

The first defendants issued a common law notice to quit , and thereafter sold the land to the second to fourth defendants .
the first defendants issued a common law notice to quit , and [after that] sold the land to the second to fourth defendants .

Counsel for the Crown conceded , in our view rightly , that in a case where the prosecution has been completed and the judge thereafter refuses leave to the Crown to discontinue , it is counsel for the prosecution 's duty to remain in the case .
counsel for the crown conceded , in our view rightly , that in a case where the prosecution has been completed and the judge [after that] refuses leave to the crown to discontinue , it is counsel for the prosecution 's duty to remain in the case .

Before me it was not disputed that if the joint tenancy was severed , she and her husband thereafter were beneficially interested in the two properties in equal shares .
before me it was not disputed that if the joint tenancy was severed , she and her husband [after that] were beneficially interested in the two properties in equal shares .

The first meeting of the committee must take place within three months of its establishment and thereafter within twenty-one days of a request for a meeting by a member of the committee or on the date previously resolved by the committee for a further meeting ( r 6.153 ( 2 ) ) .
the first meeting of the committee must take place within three months of its establishment and [after that] within twenty-one days of a request for a meeting by a member of the committee or on the date previously resolved by the committee for a further meeting ( r 6.153 ( 2 ) ) .

Even if the proved debt did not include the right to interest , interest can be claimed , up to the date of the bankruptcy order in the following cases : ( i ) in respect of a debt due by virtue of a written instrument payable at a certain time , interest may be claimed from that time ( r 6.113 ( 2 ) ) at judgment rate ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) ; ( ii ) otherwise , after demand for repayment has been made stating that interest will thereafter be charged ( r 6.113 ( 3 ) ) then at the rate specified in the notice provided that it does not exceed judgment rate and is only from the date of the demand ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) .
even if the proved debt did not include the right to interest , interest can be claimed , up to the date of the bankruptcy order in the following cases : ( i ) in respect of a debt due by virtue of a written instrument payable at a certain time , interest may be claimed from that time ( r 6.113 ( 2 ) ) at judgment rate ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) ; ( ii ) otherwise , after demand for repayment has been made stating that interest will [after that] be charged ( r 6.113 ( 3 ) ) then at the rate specified in the notice provided that it does not exceed judgment rate and is only from the date of the demand ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) .

This is not to say that force was thereafter eschewed It was used in Isfahan , in the north , and in the west — but less in Teheran .
this is not to say that force was [after that] eschewed it was used in isfahan , in the north , and in the west — but less in teheran .

In the case of a licensing board for a district or division of a district , the members were to be elected at the first meeting of the district council after its ordinary election in 1977 and thereafter after every ordinary election .
in the case of a licensing board for a district or division of a district , the members were to be elected at the first meeting of the district council after its ordinary election in 1977 and [after that] after every ordinary election .

Provision is made for the election of members of a new divisional board , either at the meeting at which it was determined that a new division should be established or at the first meeting thereafter .
provision is made for the election of members of a new divisional board , either at the meeting at which it was determined that a new division should be established or at the first meeting [after that] .

In the case of a board for an islands area or division of an islands area , the members were to be elected at a meeting of the islands council to be held between May 16 , 1977. and June 30 , 1977 , and thereafter at the first meeting of the council after every ordinary election .
in the case of a board for an islands area or division of an islands area , the members were to be elected at a meeting of the islands council to be held between may 16 , 1977. and june 30 , 1977 , and [after that] at the first meeting of the council after every ordinary election .

Provision is made for the election of members of a new divisional board , either at the meeting at which it was determined that a new division should be established or at the first meeting thereafter .
provision is made for the election of members of a new divisional board , either at the meeting at which it was determined that a new division should be established or at the first meeting [after that] .

In a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , obtained the certificate and thereafter carried on the business without any agreement being made regarding her paying her husband 's debts , or the application of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : Stewart 's Trs .
in a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , obtained the certificate and [after that] carried on the business without any agreement being made regarding her paying her husband 's debts , or the application of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : stewart 's trs .

( 6 ) Where a licensing board decides to order the suspension of a licence , the suspension shall not take effect until the expiry of the time within which the holder of the licence may appeal to the sheriff , or , if the holder appeals to the sheriff or thereafter to the Court of Session , until the appeal has been determined in favour of the suspension or has been abandoned .
( 6 ) where a licensing board decides to order the suspension of a licence , the suspension shall not take effect until the expiry of the time within which the holder of the licence may appeal to the sheriff , or , if the holder appeals to the sheriff or [after that] to the court of session , until the appeal has been determined in favour of the suspension or has been abandoned .

( 6 ) Where a licensing board decides to make a closure order under this section , the order shall not take effect until the expiry of the time within which the holder of the licence may appeal to the sheriff , or , if the holder appeals to the sheriff or thereafter to the Court of Session , until the appeal has been determined in favour of the closure order or has been abandoned .
( 6 ) where a licensing board decides to make a closure order under this section , the order shall not take effect until the expiry of the time within which the holder of the licence may appeal to the sheriff , or , if the holder appeals to the sheriff or [after that] to the court of session , until the appeal has been determined in favour of the closure order or has been abandoned .

( 7 ) Where a licensing board decides to order the suspension of a licence the suspension shall not take effect until the expiry of the time within which the holder of the licence may appeal to the sheriff , or , if the holder appeals to the sheriff or thereafter to the Court of Session , until the appeal has been determined in favour of the suspension or has been abandoned .
( 7 ) where a licensing board decides to order the suspension of a licence the suspension shall not take effect until the expiry of the time within which the holder of the licence may appeal to the sheriff , or , if the holder appeals to the sheriff or [after that] to the court of session , until the appeal has been determined in favour of the suspension or has been abandoned .

( 3 ) On an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .
( 3 ) on an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall [after that] make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .

Where objections are lodged , the sheriff hears parties on the application and objections , orders such inquiry as he thinks fit , and thereafter grants or refuses the order .
where objections are lodged , the sheriff hears parties on the application and objections , orders such inquiry as he thinks fit , and [after that] grants or refuses the order .

Unlike the kings of Israel who had aspired to the title of ‘ Son of Yahweh , Jesus displayed utter trust in his heavenly Father though the outlook was black as night ; utter obedience to his Father , even though it would take him to a cross ; and utter readiness to suffer — in bloody sweat there and then , and the blood , sweat and hell of crucifixion thereafter .
unlike the kings of israel who had aspired to the title of ‘ son of yahweh , jesus displayed utter trust in his heavenly father though the outlook was black as night ; utter obedience to his father , even though it would take him to a cross ; and utter readiness to suffer — in bloody sweat there and then , and the blood , sweat and hell of crucifixion [after that] .

Thereafter , the mêlée reverts to a disenchanted dirge — a bass-led rumble , jumbled guitars and a tuneless male vocal merging into a pretty depressing ( w ) hole .
[after that] , the mêlée reverts to a disenchanted dirge — a bass-led rumble , jumbled guitars and a tuneless male vocal merging into a pretty depressing ( w ) hole .

Thereafter , however , the Secretary of State and the Welsh Office will have the duty to monitor such a scheme .
[after that] , however , the secretary of state and the welsh office will have the duty to monitor such a scheme .

Even in church music its purest type reached ultimate perfection in the work of Palestrina and Victoria , and thereafter became the idiom of epigones .
even in church music its purest type reached ultimate perfection in the work of palestrina and victoria , and [after that] became the idiom of epigones .

He joined a firm of solicitors specializing in show-business contract work , became a partner within five years and thereafter just made more and more money .
he joined a firm of solicitors specializing in show-business contract work , became a partner within five years and [after that] just made more and more money .

Commonly , industrial licences are required and safety checks are made before a plant commences operation , and annual inspections are undertaken thereafter .
commonly , industrial licences are required and safety checks are made before a plant commences operation , and annual inspections are undertaken [after that] .

The first meeting had been at York in 1831 ; thereafter the Association visited the university cities of Oxford , Cambridge , Edinburgh and Dublin , before in 1836 venturing to Bristol and subsequently to other large towns .
the first meeting had been at york in 1831 ; [after that] the association visited the university cities of oxford , cambridge , edinburgh and dublin , before in 1836 venturing to bristol and subsequently to other large towns .

Thereafter , the average number of roles ( regrouped from the full list of ten above ) was between three and four per coordinator , diminishing slightly towards the end of the evaluation period .
[after that] , the average number of roles ( regrouped from the full list of ten above ) was between three and four per coordinator , diminishing slightly towards the end of the evaluation period .

They travelled by Government steam-packet from Falmouth to Marseilles , thereafter entrusting themselves to the French conveyances .
they travelled by government steam-packet from falmouth to marseilles , [after that] entrusting themselves to the french conveyances .

Thereafter Miss Logan , despite having been engaged for her experience , confined herself to the cabin .
[after that] miss logan , despite having been engaged for her experience , confined herself to the cabin .

It 's important to get the appropriate medical advice to rule out any underlying disorder , of course , but thereafter , most parents end up drawing a blank .
it 's important to get the appropriate medical advice to rule out any underlying disorder , of course , but [after that] , most parents end up drawing a blank .

The first time each card is used , the National Trust receives £5 and for every transaction thereafter 5 pence goes to the Trust .
the first time each card is used , the national trust receives £5 and for every transaction [after that] 5 pence goes to the trust .

The writing is avant-garde and exquisite , the storyline of Thereafter Johnnie ( Virago , £14.99 ) dangerous and disenchanted .
the writing is avant-garde and exquisite , the storyline of [after that] johnnie ( virago , £14.99 ) dangerous and disenchanted .

Thus far The Buddha of Suburbia is autobiographical : thereafter Karim and Hanif go their separate ways , only getting back on to the same tracks when they both flee north of the river to west London .
thus far the buddha of suburbia is autobiographical : [after that] karim and hanif go their separate ways , only getting back on to the same tracks when they both flee north of the river to west london .

Thereafter you should see a certain refinement of texture ( caused , in fact , by a thinning of the skin ) together with a noticeable reduction of wrinkles ; the fair-skinned may also notice a certain pink flush .
[after that] you should see a certain refinement of texture ( caused , in fact , by a thinning of the skin ) together with a noticeable reduction of wrinkles ; the fair-skinned may also notice a certain pink flush .

Thereafter , he turned inwards .
[after that] , he turned inwards .

The military involvement of the northern Angles against the Picts may have been a factor in the success of Wulfhere 's coup in Mercia in 658 or 659 and in the disintegration thereafter of Oswiu 's southern imperium .
the military involvement of the northern angles against the picts may have been a factor in the success of wulfhere 's coup in mercia in 658 or 659 and in the disintegration [after that] of oswiu 's southern imperium .

Subsidies were resumed in 1961 and thereafter had a chequered history with changing problems in housing supply and differing political judgements ( Burnett , 1978 ) .
subsidies were resumed in 1961 and [after that] had a chequered history with changing problems in housing supply and differing political judgements ( burnett , 1978 ) .

The number of improvement grants approved in England and Wales rose sharply from 156,000 in 1970 to a record 360,000 in 1973 , to fall again to 231,000 in 1974 and decline thereafter .
the number of improvement grants approved in england and wales rose sharply from 156,000 in 1970 to a record 360,000 in 1973 , to fall again to 231,000 in 1974 and decline [after that] .

If the year of our folly 1990 had started inauspiciously for me , then the Fates , Lady Luck , Lord Chance , God , Life , Evolution — whoever or whatever — immediately thereafter set about the business of proving that the entangled disasters distinguishing the year 's first few days were but a mild and modest prelude to the more thorough-going catastrophes planned for the weeks and months ahead … and this with a rapidity and even an apparent relish which was impressive — if also bowel-looseningly terrifying — to behold .
if the year of our folly 1990 had started inauspiciously for me , then the fates , lady luck , lord chance , god , life , evolution — whoever or whatever — immediately [after that] set about the business of proving that the entangled disasters distinguishing the year 's first few days were but a mild and modest prelude to the more thorough-going catastrophes planned for the weeks and months ahead … and this with a rapidity and even an apparent relish which was impressive — if also bowel-looseningly terrifying — to behold .

Thereafter he may have been engaged in wholesale dealing in corn and wool , though it is more probable that he continued to lend money under the guise of advancing money against future payment of commodities .
[after that] he may have been engaged in wholesale dealing in corn and wool , though it is more probable that he continued to lend money under the guise of advancing money against future payment of commodities .

He returned thereafter to ministerial appointments in the Church of Scotland : in Cupar and Orkney ( Rendall and Stenness ) .
he returned [after that] to ministerial appointments in the church of scotland : in cupar and orkney ( rendall and stenness ) .

Thereafter D'Ewes accused him of doing his utmost to ‘ kindle a fire ’ between England and Scotland and to hinder a church settlement on Presbyterian lines .
[after that] d'ewes accused him of doing his utmost to ‘ kindle a fire ’ between england and scotland and to hinder a church settlement on presbyterian lines .

Even thereafter , when factional purges were regular , Bubwith was always named to the council .
even [after that] , when factional purges were regular , bubwith was always named to the council .

He was away at sea for much of the following year , and frequently thereafter , on voyages to the Mediterranean and North America .
he was away at sea for much of the following year , and frequently [after that] , on voyages to the mediterranean and north america .

Thereafter she toured abroad each year , sometimes taking long leave from the Imperial Ballet until she resigned altogether in 1913 .
[after that] she toured abroad each year , sometimes taking long leave from the imperial ballet until she resigned altogether in 1913 .

Thereafter she toured the world with formidable endurance under often gruelling conditions of travel , climate , and work .
[after that] she toured the world with formidable endurance under often gruelling conditions of travel , climate , and work .

Thereafter he lived principally at his manor of Cornwell in Oxfordshire .
[after that] he lived principally at his manor of cornwell in oxfordshire .

, and to Canterbury , where he served as registrar of the provincial court , 19 February 1382–18 November 1384 , and thereafter as secretary , trusted adjutant , and friend for life .
, and to canterbury , where he served as registrar of the provincial court , 19 february 1382–18 november 1384 , and [after that] as secretary , trusted adjutant , and friend for life .

Willow bark thereafter received occasional mention in herbals , and nineteenth-century pharmacists experimented in producing salicylic acid from willow bark and meadowsweet .
willow bark [after that] received occasional mention in herbals , and nineteenth-century pharmacists experimented in producing salicylic acid from willow bark and meadowsweet .

Thereafter his landed income always exceeded that from the law , and was wisely diversified by moneylending , often on mortgage , and by investment in trade , coalmining , and salt manufacture .
[after that] his landed income always exceeded that from the law , and was wisely diversified by moneylending , often on mortgage , and by investment in trade , coalmining , and salt manufacture .

In 1846 , however , he returned to London to become architect to the Incorporated Church Building Society , the Yorkshire practice being continued by his son John Boham Chantrell , and thereafter he built relatively little .
in 1846 , however , he returned to london to become architect to the incorporated church building society , the yorkshire practice being continued by his son john boham chantrell , and [after that] he built relatively little .

He lived in Liverpool until 1915 , and thereafter in Oxford until his death there 28 September 1924 .
he lived in liverpool until 1915 , and [after that] in oxford until his death there 28 september 1924 .

After Jeffery 's death in November 1771 , Ainslie returned home and shortly thereafter made a map of Jedburgh and its environs .
after jeffery 's death in november 1771 , ainslie returned home and shortly [after that] made a map of jedburgh and its environs .

Thereafter his war service was entirely as a staff officer .
[after that] his war service was entirely as a staff officer .

His re-election to Parliament came in 1679 in Rochester , for which borough he sat until 1690 ; thereafter , until 1694 , he represented Queenborough and finally Maidstone again in 1695–8 .
his re-election to parliament came in 1679 in rochester , for which borough he sat until 1690 ; [after that] , until 1694 , he represented queenborough and finally maidstone again in 1695–8 .

The great Leinster dinner service of 1747 was his swansong : no silver bearing his mark appears thereafter .
the great leinster dinner service of 1747 was his swansong : no silver bearing his mark appears [after that] .

Thereafter he dropped out of active politics , and died 6 September 1658 .
[after that] he dropped out of active politics , and died 6 september 1658 .

The nationalist opposition had split into competing factions in the years before the election , and it never effectively challenged Sobhuza 's rule thereafter .
the nationalist opposition had split into competing factions in the years before the election , and it never effectively challenged sobhuza 's rule [after that] .

He soon exchanged a legal career for a cornetcy in the Fifteenth Light Dragoons , and they lived thereafter in English and Irish barracks .
he soon exchanged a legal career for a cornetcy in the fifteenth light dragoons , and they lived [after that] in english and irish barracks .

Thereafter he prospered as a royal attendant , who at times served on campaign , and as a county magnate .
[after that] he prospered as a royal attendant , who at times served on campaign , and as a county magnate .

Thereafter he bought more land , his holding in the area ultimately totalling a million acres ; he also invested large sums in developing local fisheries and industries , and he encouraged the exploration and exploitation of the hinterland towards the Great Lakes .
[after that] he bought more land , his holding in the area ultimately totalling a million acres ; he also invested large sums in developing local fisheries and industries , and he encouraged the exploration and exploitation of the hinterland towards the great lakes .

It was as a bowler that he was chosen to play for England , making his début in 1924 , and thereafter winning 39 caps .
it was as a bowler that he was chosen to play for england , making his début in 1924 , and [after that] winning 39 caps .

In 1681 Lodwick was elected to membership of the Royal Society , and thereafter frequently acted as auditor to the council .
in 1681 lodwick was elected to membership of the royal society , and [after that] frequently acted as auditor to the council .

Returning to England in December 1772 , he exhibited at the Society of Artists from 1774 to 1778 and his first recorded employment — minor work in London — belongs to this period ; then in 1779–80 he published a volume of Original Designs in Architecture , Consisting of Plans … for Villas , Mansions , Town Houses , which was evidently intended as an advertisement for his talents , and thereafter he developed a modestly successful practice mainly as a country-house architect in the south-east of England .
returning to england in december 1772 , he exhibited at the society of artists from 1774 to 1778 and his first recorded employment — minor work in london — belongs to this period ; then in 1779–80 he published a volume of original designs in architecture , consisting of plans … for villas , mansions , town houses , which was evidently intended as an advertisement for his talents , and [after that] he developed a modestly successful practice mainly as a country-house architect in the south-east of england .

Thereafter he received an annual salary of twenty pounds a year each year down to 1262 and can be traced acting for the king in litigation until 1267 .
[after that] he received an annual salary of twenty pounds a year each year down to 1262 and can be traced acting for the king in litigation until 1267 .

After her husband died in 1878 she moved to Stillyans , in East Sussex , where she also had a garden , but thereafter most of her entertaining was done in London .
after her husband died in 1878 she moved to stillyans , in east sussex , where she also had a garden , but [after that] most of her entertaining was done in london .

His monastery was strongly affected by the evangelical movement in Seville in the 1550s , when he was converted to Protestantism , thereafter remaining a convinced Calvinist .
his monastery was strongly affected by the evangelical movement in seville in the 1550s , when he was converted to protestantism , [after that] remaining a convinced calvinist .

Admitted to the livery in 1822 , he moved up through the ranks to become master in 1828–30 , thereafter sitting in the court of assistants .
admitted to the livery in 1822 , he moved up through the ranks to become master in 1828–30 , [after that] sitting in the court of assistants .

He gave a course of lectures in Rotherham in 1803 , but thereafter the next certainty is that he died in Tamworth and was buried there 23 August 1810 .
he gave a course of lectures in rotherham in 1803 , but [after that] the next certainty is that he died in tamworth and was buried there 23 august 1810 .

and thereafter devoted much time to his Botticelli studies , from 1905 living mostly in Florence , where he bought and restored an old palazzo , which became the Museo Horne after his death .
and [after that] devoted much time to his botticelli studies , from 1905 living mostly in florence , where he bought and restored an old palazzo , which became the museo horne after his death .

In 1665 a contested by-election began a long parliamentary career , Lowther representing Cumberland thereafter in every Parliament until illness compelled his retirement in 1699 .
in 1665 a contested by-election began a long parliamentary career , lowther representing cumberland [after that] in every parliament until illness compelled his retirement in 1699 .

Thereafter he was a schoolmaster at Worksop College , but was best known as a fast bowler for Essex and England .
[after that] he was a schoolmaster at worksop college , but was best known as a fast bowler for essex and england .

Thereafter he continued to be an influential committee-man until he returned to Ireland as a parliamentary commissioner in June 1649 .
[after that] he continued to be an influential committee-man until he returned to ireland as a parliamentary commissioner in june 1649 .

Thereafter it appears that Haycock himself rather than his father was the main architect member of the firm , although , in partnership with his brother Robert , he continued to engage in building as well as architecture until c .1845 , after which he practised as an architect only .
[after that] it appears that haycock himself rather than his father was the main architect member of the firm , although , in partnership with his brother robert , he continued to engage in building as well as architecture until c .1845 , after which he practised as an architect only .

Thereafter , until the battle of Evesham in August 1265 , he helped to make London a bulwark of the Montfortian regime .
[after that] , until the battle of evesham in august 1265 , he helped to make london a bulwark of the montfortian regime .

In 1883 Robinson published The English Flower Garden , the Bible of natural gardening , which ran through fifteen expanding editions during his life and several more thereafter .
in 1883 robinson published the english flower garden , the bible of natural gardening , which ran through fifteen expanding editions during his life and several more [after that] .

In December 1835 Captain Vidal sailed in command of Aetna with twelve chronometers to measure the meridian distances from the Cape Verde Islands to a number of places on the west coast of Africa ; and thereafter to carry out surveys of that coast .
in december 1835 captain vidal sailed in command of aetna with twelve chronometers to measure the meridian distances from the cape verde islands to a number of places on the west coast of africa ; and [after that] to carry out surveys of that coast .

Thereafter he saw distinguished service in the Peninsular war in Portugal from 1809 under Sir Arthur Wellesley ( later first Duke of Wellington , q.v . )
[after that] he saw distinguished service in the peninsular war in portugal from 1809 under sir arthur wellesley ( later first duke of wellington , q.v . )

Shortly thereafter Matheson joined him , and in 1832 the firm was reconstituted as Jardine Matheson & Company .
shortly [after that] matheson joined him , and in 1832 the firm was reconstituted as jardine matheson & company .

Thereafter financial stress obliged him to concentrate increasingly on short pieces .
[after that] financial stress obliged him to concentrate increasingly on short pieces .

John Taylor introduced Harriet to leading members of the Unitarian religious movement , and shortly thereafter she began writing articles for the Unitarian magazine , Monthly Repository .
john taylor introduced harriet to leading members of the unitarian religious movement , and shortly [after that] she began writing articles for the unitarian magazine , monthly repository .

Although Eliab suffered serious losses in 1177 in a failed consortium to lend money to the Crown , and was briefly exiled from England during the 1180s , he returned from the Continent in 1186 on promise of a 2,000 mark fine , and resided thereafter in Norwich until his death in 1197 .
although eliab suffered serious losses in 1177 in a failed consortium to lend money to the crown , and was briefly exiled from england during the 1180s , he returned from the continent in 1186 on promise of a 2,000 mark fine , and resided [after that] in norwich until his death in 1197 .

Thereafter he set out , increasingly influenced by the syndicalist ideas of his uneasy associate , James Connolly [ q.v . ]
[after that] he set out , increasingly influenced by the syndicalist ideas of his uneasy associate , james connolly [ q.v . ]

In 1652 , on the death of his father , he inherited the estate of Deepdene , near Dorking , Surrey , and thereafter he devoted much effort to its beautification , constructing an elaborate Italianate garden of the kind popular in seventeenth-century England , with terraces landscaped on a U-shaped hillside , and with appendages including a laboratory .
in 1652 , on the death of his father , he inherited the estate of deepdene , near dorking , surrey , and [after that] he devoted much effort to its beautification , constructing an elaborate italianate garden of the kind popular in seventeenth-century england , with terraces landscaped on a u-shaped hillside , and with appendages including a laboratory .

He was apprenticed in 1509 to John Buknell , a skinner of London and merchant of the Staple of Calais , and took up his freedom as a member of the Skinners ' Company in 1520 ( he was master in 1533 and five times thereafter ) .
he was apprenticed in 1509 to john buknell , a skinner of london and merchant of the staple of calais , and took up his freedom as a member of the skinners ' company in 1520 ( he was master in 1533 and five times [after that] ) .

By 1920 , although still receiving the Conservative whip in Parliament , Herbert regarded himself as an Independent , formally crossing the floor on the Irish vote on 20 November and thereafter sitting on whichever side he felt inclined .
by 1920 , although still receiving the conservative whip in parliament , herbert regarded himself as an independent , formally crossing the floor on the irish vote on 20 november and [after that] sitting on whichever side he felt inclined .

He first became director of education , Tonga ( 1916–19 ) , and thereafter held professorships in Cape Town ( 1921–5 ) , Sydney ( 1926–31 ) , Chicago ( 1931–7 ) with Yenching University in China ( 1935 ) , and Oxford ( 1937–46 ) with a fellowship of All Souls College and a wartime secondment to Sao Paulo .
he first became director of education , tonga ( 1916–19 ) , and [after that] held professorships in cape town ( 1921–5 ) , sydney ( 1926–31 ) , chicago ( 1931–7 ) with yenching university in china ( 1935 ) , and oxford ( 1937–46 ) with a fellowship of all souls college and a wartime secondment to sao paulo .

From 1829 to 1838 he was educated at the fashionable Collège Bourbon in Paris , and thereafter , on the family 's return to England , he studied law at Lincoln 's Inn .
from 1829 to 1838 he was educated at the fashionable collège bourbon in paris , and [after that] , on the family 's return to england , he studied law at lincoln 's inn .

Thereafter , the terpenes and related compounds were Tilden 's major interest .
[after that] , the terpenes and related compounds were tilden 's major interest .

Thereafter Hooley steered clear of companies for some time , concentrating on land deals .
[after that] hooley steered clear of companies for some time , concentrating on land deals .

This attracted much attention and thereafter his advancement was rapid : in 1928 he was appointed reader and in 1932 professor of physical chemistry at Birkbeck .
this attracted much attention and [after that] his advancement was rapid : in 1928 he was appointed reader and in 1932 professor of physical chemistry at birkbeck .

In 1844 his father and younger brother died : his mother devoted her life thereafter to John and shared his home for twenty years .
in 1844 his father and younger brother died : his mother devoted her life [after that] to john and shared his home for twenty years .

Thereafter during the 1820s and 1830s he greatly expanded the firm 's architectural side — following his father 's death in 1827 he devoted his time entirely to architecture , leaving the management of the marble works to his younger brother Francis — and established a substantial practice in the north-west and the adjacent parts of Yorkshire .
[after that] during the 1820s and 1830s he greatly expanded the firm 's architectural side — following his father 's death in 1827 he devoted his time entirely to architecture , leaving the management of the marble works to his younger brother francis — and established a substantial practice in the north-west and the adjacent parts of yorkshire .

William Pickett , the senior partner , retired from business in February 1786 , and Philip Rundell , by then in sole control , invited Bridge in December 1787 to join him in a partnership ; thereafter the firm continued as Rundell & Bridge .
william pickett , the senior partner , retired from business in february 1786 , and philip rundell , by then in sole control , invited bridge in december 1787 to join him in a partnership ; [after that] the firm continued as rundell & bridge .

Thereafter her life was devoted to ministering to him , reviving his poetic powers and love of nature after his withdrawal from the French revolution .
[after that] her life was devoted to ministering to him , reviving his poetic powers and love of nature after his withdrawal from the french revolution .

Thereafter Kempe 's business prospered , and his work graces many cathedrals , including those in Wells , Lichfield , Southwark , Winchester , Durham , Gloucester , Canterbury , and York Minster .
[after that] kempe 's business prospered , and his work graces many cathedrals , including those in wells , lichfield , southwark , winchester , durham , gloucester , canterbury , and york minster .

Thereafter the more urgent demands of Gascony and Scotland reduced the average yearly outlay to a mere £300 .
[after that] the more urgent demands of gascony and scotland reduced the average yearly outlay to a mere £300 .

This quoted the Roman Church 's instructions to its clergy to enquire , during confessions , exactly how , and how often , married couples made love , and alleged that a woman who committed adultery , confessed to it , and was absolved , could thereafter tell her husband that she was and always had been faithful to him .
this quoted the roman church 's instructions to its clergy to enquire , during confessions , exactly how , and how often , married couples made love , and alleged that a woman who committed adultery , confessed to it , and was absolved , could [after that] tell her husband that she was and always had been faithful to him .

In 1248 Peter was in Simon 's retinue when the latter went out to Gascony as seneschal and thereafter there are numerous instances of the close connection between the two men .
in 1248 peter was in simon 's retinue when the latter went out to gascony as seneschal and [after that] there are numerous instances of the close connection between the two men .

On 19 October 1550 he was granted letters of denization and he is listed thereafter in various City parishes , the last being St Bride 's in the ward of Faringdon Without , where he was described in 1571 as ‘ Haunce , pictorer , a denizen , borne in Anwarpe , came into the realm about xxviii yeres past , Douch ’ .
on 19 october 1550 he was granted letters of denization and he is listed [after that] in various city parishes , the last being st bride 's in the ward of faringdon without , where he was described in 1571 as ‘ haunce , pictorer , a denizen , borne in anwarpe , came into the realm about xxviii yeres past , douch ’ .

Shortly thereafter he was also given the status of a justice of the Jews .
shortly [after that] he was also given the status of a justice of the jews .

He obtained his freedom in 1610 , and thereafter built a successful business as printer and publisher , despite being frequently at the centre of political and religious controversy and at odds with the more established members of his company .
he obtained his freedom in 1610 , and [after that] built a successful business as printer and publisher , despite being frequently at the centre of political and religious controversy and at odds with the more established members of his company .

Thereafter she largely faded from public life , though she continued to befriend and correspond with many younger feminists .
[after that] she largely faded from public life , though she continued to befriend and correspond with many younger feminists .

He was a man of great business capacity , and his leadership established the prosperity of the company for a decade after his death ; thereafter it declined , until it was acquired by Arthur Keen , of Guest , Keen & Co. , in 1902 .
he was a man of great business capacity , and his leadership established the prosperity of the company for a decade after his death ; [after that] it declined , until it was acquired by arthur keen , of guest , keen & co. , in 1902 .

At the same time he was responsible for many improvements , taking out seven patents up to 1851 for cotton spinning and several thereafter for power-loom weaving .
at the same time he was responsible for many improvements , taking out seven patents up to 1851 for cotton spinning and several [after that] for power-loom weaving .

Thereafter they practised together , and it is not always possible to distinguish the work of the father from that of the son .
[after that] they practised together , and it is not always possible to distinguish the work of the father from that of the son .

If it fails to do so , in the case of a company incorporated before April 1990 , the reference date is 31st March and in the case of a company incorporated thereafter , it is the last day of the month in which it was incorporated .
if it fails to do so , in the case of a company incorporated before april 1990 , the reference date is 31st march and in the case of a company incorporated [after that] , it is the last day of the month in which it was incorporated .

Hence there is likely thereafter to be some saving of paper in future years so long as most members do not also demand copies of the full accounts under section 239 .
hence there is likely [after that] to be some saving of paper in future years so long as most members do not also demand copies of the full accounts under section 239 .

This fastens itself to fish and sucks until it is gorged with blood , thereafter falling away to rest amongst aquatic vegetation while its meal is digested .
this fastens itself to fish and sucks until it is gorged with blood , [after that] falling away to rest amongst aquatic vegetation while its meal is digested .

Thereafter , all attack movements , including complicated footwork patterns , are in the hands of the student himself , to interpret as he sees fit .
[after that] , all attack movements , including complicated footwork patterns , are in the hands of the student himself , to interpret as he sees fit .

Queen Victoria had first used the railway in 1842 to travel from Slough to Paddington and thereafter she became a regular railway traveller .
queen victoria had first used the railway in 1842 to travel from slough to paddington and [after that] she became a regular railway traveller .

Thereafter the stations passed en route provided a never-failing source of fascination :
[after that] the stations passed en route provided a never-failing source of fascination :

After much acrimony an agreement was reached in 1977 about the conditions under which the Law Society would grant waivers to law centres and it was thereafter no longer a source of difficulty .
after much acrimony an agreement was reached in 1977 about the conditions under which the law society would grant waivers to law centres and it was [after that] no longer a source of difficulty .

Returns to Turnaround should be made before 31st May , and thereafter to Annihilation Press , .
returns to turnaround should be made before 31st may , and [after that] to annihilation press , .

Would Jobbernole return with a brace of male servitors , throw her into a sack and thereafter into the River Carrow ?
would jobbernole return with a brace of male servitors , throw her into a sack and [after that] into the river carrow ?

Through the Service , an initial supply of sheets is discreetly provided and thereafter a fresh supply is brought on a regular basis to each home , and the used sheets are taken away to be laundered .
through the service , an initial supply of sheets is discreetly provided and [after that] a fresh supply is brought on a regular basis to each home , and the used sheets are taken away to be laundered .

Thereafter dates and times of collection and delivery will be arranged with you .
[after that] dates and times of collection and delivery will be arranged with you .

Cycling on the road connects you to the line at Whitecraig and thereafter by the River Esk Walkway to Musselburgh .
cycling on the road connects you to the line at whitecraig and [after that] by the river esk walkway to musselburgh .

The cycleway is signposted to the Duke 's Dyke at Cowpits and thereafter to Whitecraig .
the cycleway is signposted to the duke 's dyke at cowpits and [after that] to whitecraig .

Thereafter , a regular visit will be made to ensure that a meal continues to be necessary as there are many others in need of this service .
[after that] , a regular visit will be made to ensure that a meal continues to be necessary as there are many others in need of this service .

The report is now referred to the Personnel Committee on 11 May 1993 and on agreement will be implemented as soon as practically possible thereafter .
the report is now referred to the personnel committee on 11 may 1993 and on agreement will be implemented as soon as practically possible [after that] .

Thereafter , when the situation has returned to normal , there should , if possible and if appropriate , be a meeting of the wider staff group to discuss the implications of the incident as a practice/learning issue .
[after that] , when the situation has returned to normal , there should , if possible and if appropriate , be a meeting of the wider staff group to discuss the implications of the incident as a practice/learning issue .

It is your directors ' present intention to seek renewal of the authority at that time and annually thereafter .
it is your directors ' present intention to seek renewal of the authority at that time and annually [after that] .

Though it is expected to recover slightly thereafter it will still remain some 25 % short of its peak until the end of the century .
though it is expected to recover slightly [after that] it will still remain some 25 % short of its peak until the end of the century .

It can also be shown that there is a bounded set , which depends on the parameters , which all trajectories eventually enter and thereafter remain within { 21 , 35 } .
it can also be shown that there is a bounded set , which depends on the parameters , which all trajectories eventually enter and [after that] remain within { 21 , 35 } .

3.5 With effect from carrying out the Tenant 's Works in accordance with clause 3.7 and thereafter to commence business at the Premises for the purpose permitted by the Lease
3.5 with effect from carrying out the tenant 's works in accordance with clause 3.7 and [after that] to commence business at the premises for the purpose permitted by the lease

Many leases deal with rent review dates by stating that the initial rent will be subject to review on the day of and thereafter in every [ fifth ] anniversary of that date during the term .
many leases deal with rent review dates by stating that the initial rent will be subject to review on the day of and [after that] in every [ fifth ] anniversary of that date during the term .

5.15 Re-letting boards To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter [ unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the Premises It is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . The clause could be amended as follows : To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain upon the Premises in a position so as not to interfere with the Tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the Premises
5.15 re-letting boards to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time [after that] [ unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the premises it is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . the clause could be amended as follows : to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time [after that] unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises to enter upon the premises and affix and retain upon the premises in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the premises

The tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : If for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the Tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the Premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the Tenant may thereafter determine the Term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the Landlord and upon expiry of such notice the Term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other This will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .
the tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : if for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the tenant may [after that] determine the term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the landlord and upon expiry of such notice the term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other this will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .

When contracts were exchanged , the conditions of sale would stipulate the time for the delivery of an abstract and thereafter the time for the raising of requisitions upon it .
when contracts were exchanged , the conditions of sale would stipulate the time for the delivery of an abstract and [after that] the time for the raising of requisitions upon it .

It 's important to establish the invariable habit of going through replies to all your searches ( the same principle applies to the practical enquiries and requisitions on title ) , ticking each one after you have considered it and found it satisfactory ; if the contrary is the case , or if , for example , some information is disclosed that ought to be passed on to your client , mark it accordingly , and thereafter tick it when you `` ve dealt suitably with the item .
it 's important to establish the invariable habit of going through replies to all your searches ( the same principle applies to the practical enquiries and requisitions on title ) , ticking each one after you have considered it and found it satisfactory ; if the contrary is the case , or if , for example , some information is disclosed that ought to be passed on to your client , mark it accordingly , and [after that] tick it when you `` ve dealt suitably with the item .

Finally , the description unenforceable really means that up until the time of judgment it was valid but thereafter can not be used as a basis for an action .
finally , the description unenforceable really means that up until the time of judgment it was valid but [after that] can not be used as a basis for an action .

Thereafter there could be a tax charge under s739 .
[after that] there could be a tax charge under s739 .

It is our usual practice to ask for a payment in advance of costs and thereafter to submit an interim bill every six months .
it is our usual practice to ask for a payment in advance of costs and [after that] to submit an interim bill every six months .

It means that a plaintiff with no more than an arguable case for suppressing a story on breach of confidence grounds can obtain , at a secret High Court hearing , an injunction against one defendant ( perhaps a journal whose financial position does not permit a legal contest ) and thereafter enforce it against every media outlet in the country .
it means that a plaintiff with no more than an arguable case for suppressing a story on breach of confidence grounds can obtain , at a secret high court hearing , an injunction against one defendant ( perhaps a journal whose financial position does not permit a legal contest ) and [after that] enforce it against every media outlet in the country .

Thereafter things improved ; we got several thousand corners while Arse got none at all .
[after that] things improved ; we got several thousand corners while arse got none at all .

Thereafter , though things were still churning round midfield , there were a few more moves and shots on goal worth shouting about .
[after that] , though things were still churning round midfield , there were a few more moves and shots on goal worth shouting about .

Thereafter we had to put up with Crewe elegantly stringing passes together while our overpaid boobies struggled .
[after that] we had to put up with crewe elegantly stringing passes together while our overpaid boobies struggled .

Of the predators , fruit pigeons were abundant on figs whose seeds are inviable thereafter , but they avoided , as in the Trinidad example , the large fruits , such as those of Dysoxylum ( Meliaceae ) , which they would appear to be able to deal with ( these fruits are dispersed by hornbills ) .
of the predators , fruit pigeons were abundant on figs whose seeds are inviable [after that] , but they avoided , as in the trinidad example , the large fruits , such as those of dysoxylum ( meliaceae ) , which they would appear to be able to deal with ( these fruits are dispersed by hornbills ) .

Compared with the continuous damage , though small clearings , of polycyclic systems , monocyclic ones involve clearing large areas at one coup but there is then less disturbance in the time thereafter .
compared with the continuous damage , though small clearings , of polycyclic systems , monocyclic ones involve clearing large areas at one coup but there is then less disturbance in the time [after that] .

The grass is then sown and it is periodically burnt thereafter to improve palatability .
the grass is then sown and it is periodically burnt [after that] to improve palatability .

Four elements here are open to criticism : ( 1 ) the term batteur de mesure had become discredited and much less used by 1790 , because of its association with the bad old days ; ( 2 ) the ‘ large stick ’ whatever its size in 1750 , got markedly smaller by 1790 ; ( 3 ) there was no unified body of opinion which attacked ‘ woodchopping ’ over the decades : in fact Rousseau 's text , and those of his epigones , aspired to make musico-political points in favour of Italian opera as much as about beating time ; ( 4 ) audible stick signals can not be said , at least after 1781 , to have ‘ co-ordinated ’ chorus and ballet , if that implies ‘ heard as a matter of course ’ ; the evidence shows that no audible signal was thereafter heard as a matter of course .
four elements here are open to criticism : ( 1 ) the term batteur de mesure had become discredited and much less used by 1790 , because of its association with the bad old days ; ( 2 ) the ‘ large stick ’ whatever its size in 1750 , got markedly smaller by 1790 ; ( 3 ) there was no unified body of opinion which attacked ‘ woodchopping ’ over the decades : in fact rousseau 's text , and those of his epigones , aspired to make musico-political points in favour of italian opera as much as about beating time ; ( 4 ) audible stick signals can not be said , at least after 1781 , to have ‘ co-ordinated ’ chorus and ballet , if that implies ‘ heard as a matter of course ’ ; the evidence shows that no audible signal was [after that] heard as a matter of course .

’ she exclaimed on a loving laugh , and thereafter put herself out to be the epitome of all she thought he would most dislike in a woman , shyly calling him darling whenever she had the chance .
’ she exclaimed on a loving laugh , and [after that] put herself out to be the epitome of all she thought he would most dislike in a woman , shyly calling him darling whenever she had the chance .

In the empty south , where virgin steppe country turned into livestock ranges and thereafter wheat lands , serfdom was of no great significance .
in the empty south , where virgin steppe country turned into livestock ranges and [after that] wheat lands , serfdom was of no great significance .

On the other hand , until 1870 , and even thereafter , there were still German industrialists who refused to allow their nephews to become reserve-officers , as being unsuitable for young men of their class , or whose sons insisted on doing their military service in the infantry or engineers rather than the socially more exclusive cavalry .
on the other hand , until 1870 , and even [after that] , there were still german industrialists who refused to allow their nephews to become reserve-officers , as being unsuitable for young men of their class , or whose sons insisted on doing their military service in the infantry or engineers rather than the socially more exclusive cavalry .

Where an originating process is sent by post ( first class as required ) , the date of service is deemed to be seven days thereafter unless the contrary is proved ( Ord 7 , r 10 ( 3 ) ; Ord 3 rr 4 – 6 ) .
where an originating process is sent by post ( first class as required ) , the date of service is deemed to be seven days [after that] unless the contrary is proved ( ord 7 , r 10 ( 3 ) ; ord 3 rr 4 – 6 ) .

( 3 ) In cases where payment in is made later than within fourteen days of service , or without summons costs , the action is stayed but the defendant is liable for the plaintiff 's costs up to the date when the plaintiff receives payment , but not for costs thereafter ( Ord 11 , r 2 ( 3 ) ) .
( 3 ) in cases where payment in is made later than within fourteen days of service , or without summons costs , the action is stayed but the defendant is liable for the plaintiff 's costs up to the date when the plaintiff receives payment , but not for costs [after that] ( ord 11 , r 2 ( 3 ) ) .

If the hearing of the action has begun and thereafter money is paid into court in satisfaction ( or the amount paid in is increased ) the plaintiff may accept within 14 days of notice provided that the court has not commenced delivering judgment ( Ord 11 , r 3 ( 2 ) ) .
if the hearing of the action has begun and [after that] money is paid into court in satisfaction ( or the amount paid in is increased ) the plaintiff may accept within 14 days of notice provided that the court has not commenced delivering judgment ( ord 11 , r 3 ( 2 ) ) .

These are as follows : ( 1 ) When the pleadings are deemed to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days thereafter , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been disclosed to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months request the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such request is made .
these are as follows : ( 1 ) when the pleadings are deemed to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days [after that] , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been disclosed to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months request the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such request is made .

If at the pre-trial review the defendant does not appear and has not delivered an admission or defence and the plaintiff produces evidence as to the amount of his damages , then judgment may be entered for them ( Ord 17 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) , but if evidence is not then produced the court may enter a judgment for unliquidated damages and thereafter , unless the court has itself fixed a date for assessment of such damages , the plaintiff may apply for such assessment on seven days ' notice to the defendant ( Ord 22 , r 6 ( 1 ) ) .
if at the pre-trial review the defendant does not appear and has not delivered an admission or defence and the plaintiff produces evidence as to the amount of his damages , then judgment may be entered for them ( ord 17 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) , but if evidence is not then produced the court may enter a judgment for unliquidated damages and [after that] , unless the court has itself fixed a date for assessment of such damages , the plaintiff may apply for such assessment on seven days ' notice to the defendant ( ord 22 , r 6 ( 1 ) ) .

The usual order is judgment for arrears of rent to date of termination of the tenancy , and for mesne profits to date of hearing and thereafter mesne profits at a daily rate and ( almost invariably calculated by reference to the rent ) from the date of hearing until actual possession is given up .
the usual order is judgment for arrears of rent to date of termination of the tenancy , and for mesne profits to date of hearing and [after that] mesne profits at a daily rate and ( almost invariably calculated by reference to the rent ) from the date of hearing until actual possession is given up .

7.4 Whenever any sum of money is recoverable from or payable by you to us as a result of the operation of any of these conditions or any breach by you of the same , such sum may be deducted by us from any sum then due or which at any time thereafter may become due to you under any other order or transaction placed or entered into by us with you .
7.4 whenever any sum of money is recoverable from or payable by you to us as a result of the operation of any of these conditions or any breach by you of the same , such sum may be deducted by us from any sum then due or which at any time [after that] may become due to you under any other order or transaction placed or entered into by us with you .

This Agreement commences on [ ] and will continue for a fixed period of three years and thereafter will continue from year to year unless terminated by at least sixty days ' written notice by either party to the other , such notice to expire on any anniversary date of the commencement of this Agreement falling after the expiry of the fixed period aforesaid .
this agreement commences on [ ] and will continue for a fixed period of three years and [after that] will continue from year to year unless terminated by at least sixty days ' written notice by either party to the other , such notice to expire on any anniversary date of the commencement of this agreement falling after the expiry of the fixed period aforesaid .

4.1 The Company will provide the Supplier on the date of commencement hereof and thereafter on each anniversary of the said date with a forecast for the following twelve months of the Company 's requirements for the Products .
4.1 the company will provide the supplier on the date of commencement hereof and [after that] on each anniversary of the said date with a forecast for the following twelve months of the company 's requirements for the products .

7.3 Termination under this Clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of purchase orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have accrued or shall accrue thereafter under this Agreement to either party .
7.3 termination under this clause shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment of purchase orders wholly or partially outstanding at the date of such termination , and likewise shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have accrued or shall accrue [after that] under this agreement to either party .

While individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill etc ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose restrictions on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or thereafter to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves whilst recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .
while individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill etc ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose restrictions on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or [after that] to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves whilst recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .

Thus , a tenancy for a term of `` seven years and thereafter from year to year `` is not a term certain because the tenancy will not come to an end until notice is served .
thus , a tenancy for a term of `` seven years and [after that] from year to year `` is not a term certain because the tenancy will not come to an end until notice is served .

Example 4:10 Tenant 's power to make time of the essence ( 1 ) if the landlord fails to take any step in the procedure for rent review within a period of time prescribed by this lease ( whether or not that step could also have been taken by the tenant ) the tenant may give the landlord written notice : ( a ) referring to the step which the landlord has failed to take ( b ) requiring the landlord to take that step within such period of not less than 21 days as may be specified in the notice and ( c ) informing the landlord that if he fails to take that step within the period specified in the notice he will be precluded thereafter from taking it and that time is of the essence of the period so specified ( 2 ) if the landlord fails to take the step specified in a notice under paragraph ( 1 ) within the time specified in that notice ( time being of the essence ) he shall thereafter be precluded from taking it
example 4:10 tenant 's power to make time of the essence ( 1 ) if the landlord fails to take any step in the procedure for rent review within a period of time prescribed by this lease ( whether or not that step could also have been taken by the tenant ) the tenant may give the landlord written notice : ( a ) referring to the step which the landlord has failed to take ( b ) requiring the landlord to take that step within such period of not less than 21 days as may be specified in the notice and ( c ) informing the landlord that if he fails to take that step within the period specified in the notice he will be precluded [after that] from taking it and that time is of the essence of the period so specified ( 2 ) if the landlord fails to take the step specified in a notice under paragraph ( 1 ) within the time specified in that notice ( time being of the essence ) he shall [after that] be precluded from taking it

Thereafter , only a minority proceed to institutions of further education and but a small percentage enter university .
[after that] , only a minority proceed to institutions of further education and but a small percentage enter university .

These figures showed a decline during the next three years ( the result of a decline in the price of stocks and shares ) and little change thereafter .
these figures showed a decline during the next three years ( the result of a decline in the price of stocks and shares ) and little change [after that] .

Thereafter it will be kept up-to-date each month to the customary high Croner standard .
[after that] it will be kept up-to-date each month to the customary high croner standard .

Thereafter , she completed her Doctor 's degree .
[after that] , she completed her doctor 's degree .

In July 1939 the Daladier government appointed a ‘ Commissaire General ’ for information : thereafter , most governments , until June 1969 , had a minister or junior minister for information .
in july 1939 the daladier government appointed a ‘ commissaire general ’ for information : [after that] , most governments , until june 1969 , had a minister or junior minister for information .

Thereafter he decided that this was a job for Foreign Secretaries .
[after that] he decided that this was a job for foreign secretaries .

Cole observes that the rate of growth in the number of co-operative societies was fastest in 1829 and 1830 , when the struggle for Reform was beginning , and declined thereafter ; but dismisses as unsupported by evidence the view that Reform drew popular support away from Co-operation .
cole observes that the rate of growth in the number of co-operative societies was fastest in 1829 and 1830 , when the struggle for reform was beginning , and declined [after that] ; but dismisses as unsupported by evidence the view that reform drew popular support away from co-operation .

It is now generally acknowledged that a man is usually at the peak of sexual potency and performance around the early twenties ; thereafter a slow decline sets in .
it is now generally acknowledged that a man is usually at the peak of sexual potency and performance around the early twenties ; [after that] a slow decline sets in .

Meanwhile Mr. Samuel Kay had bought the Greek Street site for £5,000 ; the buildings were used thereafter as a Central School , and Evening School , and a hall for hire .
meanwhile mr. samuel kay had bought the greek street site for £5,000 ; the buildings were used [after that] as a central school , and evening school , and a hall for hire .

One hundred and sixty Old Boys a very substantial proportion had volunteered before conscription was introduced , and many more thereafter , and the names of the fifty-two who did not return were to be recorded on the School 's War Memorial .
one hundred and sixty old boys a very substantial proportion had volunteered before conscription was introduced , and many more [after that] , and the names of the fifty-two who did not return were to be recorded on the school 's war memorial .

He had successfully led the School from the dark days of war , through a time of austerity thereafter , and on to the easier but still challenging years of the 1950s .
he had successfully led the school from the dark days of war , through a time of austerity [after that] , and on to the easier but still challenging years of the 1950s .

My view is that thrombolysis should only be administered by personnel who are capable and competent at recognising the risks and complications , and also managing the patient thereafter .
my view is that thrombolysis should only be administered by personnel who are capable and competent at recognising the risks and complications , and also managing the patient [after that] .

He had not wished to leave the Commons when he inherited his title in 1895 and thereafter he became an unceasing advocate of the House of Lords , defending its powers , resisting the sale of peerages , and demanding its reconstruction so that its powers could be restored .
he had not wished to leave the commons when he inherited his title in 1895 and [after that] he became an unceasing advocate of the house of lords , defending its powers , resisting the sale of peerages , and demanding its reconstruction so that its powers could be restored .

The actual administration of the National Union was separated from Central Office in 1921 , and it appointed its own secretary thereafter ; it was a change of no great importance , for the National Union continued to work from Central Office and the Principal Agent continued to be Honorary Secretary , but it was a minor declaration of independence .
the actual administration of the national union was separated from central office in 1921 , and it appointed its own secretary [after that] ; it was a change of no great importance , for the national union continued to work from central office and the principal agent continued to be honorary secretary , but it was a minor declaration of independence .

The protection period however does expire eventually and , thereafter , the copyright holder has no further rights ; the work is then ‘ in the public domain ’ and can be freely reproduced and adapted without payment of a royalty .
the protection period however does expire eventually and , [after that] , the copyright holder has no further rights ; the work is then ‘ in the public domain ’ and can be freely reproduced and adapted without payment of a royalty .

Thereafter , you may find it very difficult or impossible to change — because you will by then have missed so much of the introductory lectures and classes .
[after that] , you may find it very difficult or impossible to change — because you will by then have missed so much of the introductory lectures and classes .

The duke 's campaign of the previous season , which had won Berwick for the crown , may have whipped up enthusiasm for future conquests , but it had also been a lesson in the expense and difficulty of winning a small piece of land and the cost of keeping it thereafter .
the duke 's campaign of the previous season , which had won berwick for the crown , may have whipped up enthusiasm for future conquests , but it had also been a lesson in the expense and difficulty of winning a small piece of land and the cost of keeping it [after that] .

The circular gave formal acknowledgement to a practice already employed by some authorities and which continued thereafter to be ignored by others .
the circular gave formal acknowledgement to a practice already employed by some authorities and which continued [after that] to be ignored by others .

Municipal autonomy and initiative indeed reached a peak by 1900 , thereafter , as we shall see , enthusiasm fast diminished and central government authority advanced .
municipal autonomy and initiative indeed reached a peak by 1900 , [after that] , as we shall see , enthusiasm fast diminished and central government authority advanced .

Bradford thereafter took the lead in the provision of medical inspection on a large scale and established the first school treatment clinic , developments which owed much to the energy of Margaret McMillan .
bradford [after that] took the lead in the provision of medical inspection on a large scale and established the first school treatment clinic , developments which owed much to the energy of margaret mcmillan .

The income from customs dues , which had risen sharply in the first year of the reign , thanks to Mary 's reforms , was remarkably sluggish thereafter .
the income from customs dues , which had risen sharply in the first year of the reign , thanks to mary 's reforms , was remarkably sluggish [after that] .

Thereafter it rose again to about £91,000 per annum in the last five years of the reign , little more than it had been at the start .
[after that] it rose again to about £91,000 per annum in the last five years of the reign , little more than it had been at the start .

The Imperial Rescript on Education was promulgated in October 1890 and thereafter read regularly in the schools of the empire until all children knew it by heart .
the imperial rescript on education was promulgated in october 1890 and [after that] read regularly in the schools of the empire until all children knew it by heart .

The rapid rise in tenancy in the mid-Meiji period and its maintenance at a high level thereafter may not necessarily mean a wholesale polarization of rural wealth , but a keenness on the part of those who were able to work more land to rent extra plots to take advantage of improved market opportunities .
the rapid rise in tenancy in the mid-meiji period and its maintenance at a high level [after that] may not necessarily mean a wholesale polarization of rural wealth , but a keenness on the part of those who were able to work more land to rent extra plots to take advantage of improved market opportunities .

However , in case of foreign participation in excess of 20 per cent of the equity or 5 million forints the assessment is reduced by 20 per cent , but if more than half of the income is derived from manufacturing goods or carrying on the business of a hotel , and the stock capital exceeds 25 million forints and the foreign participation exceeds 30 per cent , then during the first five years the tax is reduced by 60 per cent and thereafter by 40 per cent .
however , in case of foreign participation in excess of 20 per cent of the equity or 5 million forints the assessment is reduced by 20 per cent , but if more than half of the income is derived from manufacturing goods or carrying on the business of a hotel , and the stock capital exceeds 25 million forints and the foreign participation exceeds 30 per cent , then during the first five years the tax is reduced by 60 per cent and [after that] by 40 per cent .

Thereafter meetings of members of the Cabinet will be held from time to time , complemented by advisers and policy units , in order to review progress .
[after that] meetings of members of the cabinet will be held from time to time , complemented by advisers and policy units , in order to review progress .

Thereafter , the Lord Chancellor became responsible for the Council on Tribunals , appointing its chairman and members , staffing it , and sticking up for it when it needed help against recalcitrant departments .
[after that] , the lord chancellor became responsible for the council on tribunals , appointing its chairman and members , staffing it , and sticking up for it when it needed help against recalcitrant departments .

Whereas the increase up to and including 1946 was not attributed to more people being sent to prison each year , thereafter the pattern changed with a substantial rise in the number of convicted and sentenced offenders being received from the courts .
whereas the increase up to and including 1946 was not attributed to more people being sent to prison each year , [after that] the pattern changed with a substantial rise in the number of convicted and sentenced offenders being received from the courts .

Thereafter it seems to have had several changes of ownership .
[after that] it seems to have had several changes of ownership .

By some time in 1940 a cloth version was being worn as a topi flash ; and some time thereafter , on the left sleeve only , by 7 Armd .
by some time in 1940 a cloth version was being worn as a topi flash ; and some time [after that] , on the left sleeve only , by 7 armd .

Careful attention to surface features is a temporary skill needed for language learning — and neglected thereafter by competent speakers ’ ( ibid .
careful attention to surface features is a temporary skill needed for language learning — and neglected [after that] by competent speakers ’ ( ibid .

The traveller may thereafter accept the terms of the offer , or reject them and seek accommodation elsewhere .
the traveller may [after that] accept the terms of the offer , or reject them and seek accommodation elsewhere .

Resuscitation restored the circulation , but the patient required artificial ventilation and inotropic support thereafter .
resuscitation restored the circulation , but the patient required artificial ventilation and inotropic support [after that] .

Research on field independence in a wide sample of people has shown that it reaches its peak at fifteen years of age , remains on a plateau until the mid-thirties and thereafter declines .
research on field independence in a wide sample of people has shown that it reaches its peak at fifteen years of age , remains on a plateau until the mid-thirties and [after that] declines .

Thereafter , managers are usually on their own and , inevitably , they develop their own theories to explain people 's behaviour .
[after that] , managers are usually on their own and , inevitably , they develop their own theories to explain people 's behaviour .

Thereafter it is a choice as to whether , with their abilities , experience , goals and energy levels , they will choose to work .
[after that] it is a choice as to whether , with their abilities , experience , goals and energy levels , they will choose to work .

People for whom career goals are less important than comfort goals ( lower achievers in an organizational sense ) are more likely to watch others play sport ; their first sexual experiences occur younger and more frequently thereafter .
people for whom career goals are less important than comfort goals ( lower achievers in an organizational sense ) are more likely to watch others play sport ; their first sexual experiences occur younger and more frequently [after that] .

Thereafter , direct eye contact is intermittent ( 25 to 75 per cent of interaction time ) and is longer for the receiver than for the transmitter .
[after that] , direct eye contact is intermittent ( 25 to 75 per cent of interaction time ) and is longer for the receiver than for the transmitter .

Thereafter , however , the economy expanded considerably .
[after that] , however , the economy expanded considerably .

Voluntary group participation may have existed in the era of Tokugawa isolation , but how was collectivism maintained thereafter ?
voluntary group participation may have existed in the era of tokugawa isolation , but how was collectivism maintained [after that] ?

While coercion may have been appropriate enough before 1945 , the plurality of power in a representative system makes it inappropriate thereafter .
while coercion may have been appropriate enough before 1945 , the plurality of power in a representative system makes it inappropriate [after that] .

Until the early 1960s temporary and seasonal labour was used to supplement the workforce , but thereafter the relative share of temporary labour employed in larger firms began to decline as the role of external subcontractors increased .
until the early 1960s temporary and seasonal labour was used to supplement the workforce , but [after that] the relative share of temporary labour employed in larger firms began to decline as the role of external subcontractors increased .

This trend was then halted or even reversed thereafter as large companies especially in manufacturing transferred their excess labour into smaller subcontractors or satellite companies .
this trend was then halted or even reversed [after that] as large companies especially in manufacturing transferred their excess labour into smaller subcontractors or satellite companies .

Thereafter an employee is rotated through several sections or jobs making them more of a generalist rather than a specialist in one skill .
[after that] an employee is rotated through several sections or jobs making them more of a generalist rather than a specialist in one skill .

He found that the frequency of dependent clauses in the written language of high-ability 13 year olds did not increase thereafter while it did for low-ability children .
he found that the frequency of dependent clauses in the written language of high-ability 13 year olds did not increase [after that] while it did for low-ability children .

Subsequent reviews should take place every nine hours thereafter .
subsequent reviews should take place every nine hours [after that] .

lectins or anti-mouse species antibodies ) applied to embryos up to the 8-cell stage will stain all blastomeres homogeneously prior to compaction and in a polarized fashion thereafter .
lectins or anti-mouse species antibodies ) applied to embryos up to the 8-cell stage will stain all blastomeres homogeneously prior to compaction and in a polarized fashion [after that] .

Yet his Concertino of 1920 is a work of historic importance for the clear way in which it marks the connection between his early Russian style and the kind of neoclassicism that occupied him thereafter .
yet his concertino of 1920 is a work of historic importance for the clear way in which it marks the connection between his early russian style and the kind of neoclassicism that occupied him [after that] .

Thereafter the grant contribution fell .
[after that] the grant contribution fell .

Thereafter guerrilla activity gradually subsided and the most dangerous period faced by South Korea from the viewpoint of internal unrest had been surmounted .
[after that] guerrilla activity gradually subsided and the most dangerous period faced by south korea from the viewpoint of internal unrest had been surmounted .

Thereafter , any money held by the Travel Agent in respect of the booking is held on behalf of Cosmos .
[after that] , any money held by the travel agent in respect of the booking is held on behalf of cosmos .

Protocol decreed that she should be addressed as ‘ Your Royal Highness ’ on first reference and ‘ Ma'am ’ thereafter .
protocol decreed that she should be addressed as ‘ your royal highness ’ on first reference and ‘ ma'am ’ [after that] .

As we shall see , this not only involves detailed statutory measures prohibiting insider dealing ( these are outlined in the following chapter ) , but also the effective implementation of other institutional arrangements such as Chinese Walls ( discussed in Chapter Five and thereafter ) to block the flow of price sensitive information within financial conglomerates .
as we shall see , this not only involves detailed statutory measures prohibiting insider dealing ( these are outlined in the following chapter ) , but also the effective implementation of other institutional arrangements such as chinese walls ( discussed in chapter five and [after that] ) to block the flow of price sensitive information within financial conglomerates .

… the communication in a commercial context of information which at the time is regarded by the giver and recognised by the recipient as confidential , and the nature of which has a material connection with the commercial interests of the party confiding that information , imposes on the recipient a fiduciary obligation to maintain that confidence thereafter unless the giver consents to relax it .
… the communication in a commercial context of information which at the time is regarded by the giver and recognised by the recipient as confidential , and the nature of which has a material connection with the commercial interests of the party confiding that information , imposes on the recipient a fiduciary obligation to maintain that confidence [after that] unless the giver consents to relax it .

Thereafter , ‘ fly the line ’ , keeping a careful eye on drift and timing for the first quarter of the route , and replicating whatever heading is required for the next three- quarters , noting the times to the quarter-points .
[after that] , ‘ fly the line ’ , keeping a careful eye on drift and timing for the first quarter of the route , and replicating whatever heading is required for the next three- quarters , noting the times to the quarter-points .

The woman who gave this account thereafter changed her established way of life to become an activist in the Greenham Common protest against the siting there of cruise missiles .
the woman who gave this account [after that] changed her established way of life to become an activist in the greenham common protest against the siting there of cruise missiles .

Up to about 1920 this appeared to be the case , but thereafter the link was more tenuous .
up to about 1920 this appeared to be the case , but [after that] the link was more tenuous .

He was a Marxist in his early teens , but thereafter became increasingly right-wing .
he was a marxist in his early teens , but [after that] became increasingly right-wing .

New captain Terry Moncur and Alabaster both won in the afternoon singles , though not as handsomely as expected , but only Kenny Breeze managed to score points thereafter .
new captain terry moncur and alabaster both won in the afternoon singles , though not as handsomely as expected , but only kenny breeze managed to score points [after that] .

This information is kept confidential for up to ten years if the company so wishes , but thereafter is available for public consultation at the Geological Survey of Northern Ireland .
this information is kept confidential for up to ten years if the company so wishes , but [after that] is available for public consultation at the geological survey of northern ireland .

If a tree is pollarded and thereafter maintained at a much reduced height than before , it may no longer affect a nearby building .
if a tree is pollarded and [after that] maintained at a much reduced height than before , it may no longer affect a nearby building .

This section covers legal costs and expenses incurred by the insured in pursuance of compensation or damages against a third party arising from death or personal injury or damage to the home which occurred during the period of insurance ( or in the case of the home within seven days thereafter ) .
this section covers legal costs and expenses incurred by the insured in pursuance of compensation or damages against a third party arising from death or personal injury or damage to the home which occurred during the period of insurance ( or in the case of the home within seven days [after that] ) .

The logic of Defences is to admit those allegations of the pursuer which are known to be true , to deny those which are untrue ( or unknown ) and thereafter to provide such further explanation as is necessary by way of defence .
the logic of defences is to admit those allegations of the pursuer which are known to be true , to deny those which are untrue ( or unknown ) and [after that] to provide such further explanation as is necessary by way of defence .

Any alteration to the pleadings thereafter can only be undertaken by Minute of Amendment and whether or not that is permissible is a matter of discretion for the Court .
any alteration to the pleadings [after that] can only be undertaken by minute of amendment and whether or not that is permissible is a matter of discretion for the court .

Trial , by contrast , is reserved for cases where the factual issues are straightforward ( most often road traffic accidents ) , and the jury is asked simply to answer the question of fault with a ‘ Yes ’ or ‘ No ’ answer , going on thereafter to assess damages .
trial , by contrast , is reserved for cases where the factual issues are straightforward ( most often road traffic accidents ) , and the jury is asked simply to answer the question of fault with a ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ answer , going on [after that] to assess damages .

Procedure after service of the Summons ; twenty-eight days are afforded to the defender for entering appearance , with fourteen days thereafter Defences being due .
procedure after service of the summons ; twenty-eight days are afforded to the defender for entering appearance , with fourteen days [after that] defences being due .

After such period of adjustment as the Court may have allowed , the Record is closed and within fourteen days thereafter , each party is required to provide his opponent with ‘ a list of documents which are or have been in his possession or control relating to the matters in dispute in the action ’ .
after such period of adjustment as the court may have allowed , the record is closed and within fourteen days [after that] , each party is required to provide his opponent with ‘ a list of documents which are or have been in his possession or control relating to the matters in dispute in the action ’ .

If it is not considered appropriate or possible to lodge an early Tender , then once the necessary information or Medical Report is available , the Tender should be lodged as soon as possible thereafter .
if it is not considered appropriate or possible to lodge an early tender , then once the necessary information or medical report is available , the tender should be lodged as soon as possible [after that] .

The initial approach should be made informally ; thereafter you may submit a written statement of your grievance .
the initial approach should be made informally ; [after that] you may submit a written statement of your grievance .

One of the consequences of the new structure is that , as and when the management of a subsidiary company becomes the responsibility of an operating division , its Board of Directors will thereafter only need to hold meetings to deal with any formal requirements prior to their company becoming dormant .
one of the consequences of the new structure is that , as and when the management of a subsidiary company becomes the responsibility of an operating division , its board of directors will [after that] only need to hold meetings to deal with any formal requirements prior to their company becoming dormant .

The year proceeded very much in line with the School Academic Plan , which placed emphasis on consolidating our position , following the establishment of the Schools three years ago and the relatively rapid expansion in student numbers which followed thereafter .
the year proceeded very much in line with the school academic plan , which placed emphasis on consolidating our position , following the establishment of the schools three years ago and the relatively rapid expansion in student numbers which followed [after that] .

We will however be happy to discuss our ideas with you on June 8th and will thereafter provide ongoing support and guidance on points of law and other assistance .
we will however be happy to discuss our ideas with you on june 8th and will [after that] provide ongoing support and guidance on points of law and other assistance .

Thereafter , the matter is to be considered at meetings as follows : —
[after that] , the matter is to be considered at meetings as follows : —

Thereafter the male priests dressed as women : ‘ To be filled with the Great Mother , to be possessed by her , was the only form of life they desired . ’
[after that] the male priests dressed as women : ‘ to be filled with the great mother , to be possessed by her , was the only form of life they desired . ’

Thereafter , the entire conflict became internalized as the collective anxiety hysteria which we know today as totemic religion .
[after that] , the entire conflict became internalized as the collective anxiety hysteria which we know today as totemic religion .

Students are required to take courses in Social Theory and in Methods of Social Research but thereafter they are free to choose from a wide range of options .
students are required to take courses in social theory and in methods of social research but [after that] they are free to choose from a wide range of options .

These tests were repeated 12 hours after admission and every 24 hours thereafter .
these tests were repeated 12 hours after admission and every 24 hours [after that] .

Thereafter everyone will focus on practical aspects of dealing with an existing problem .
[after that] everyone will focus on practical aspects of dealing with an existing problem .

The duke 's campaign of the previous season , which had won Berwick for the crown , may have whipped up enthusiasm for future conquests , but it had also been a lesson in the expense and difficulty of winning a small piece of land and the cost of keeping it thereafter .
the duke 's campaign of the previous season , which had won berwick for the crown , may have whipped up enthusiasm for future conquests , but it had also been a lesson in the expense and difficulty of winning a small piece of land and the cost of keeping it [after that] .

Thereafter the two survival curves are identical .
[after that] the two survival curves are identical .

Thereafter both curves are identical suggesting that the patients who died immediately after surgery might possibly have been those whose life expectancy was less than two years .
[after that] both curves are identical suggesting that the patients who died immediately after surgery might possibly have been those whose life expectancy was less than two years .

After the ingestion of the lactulose drink or the rice flour meal end expiratory breath samples were collected in 50 ml polyethylene syringes at time 0 and 15 minute intervals thereafter over a 5.5 or seven hour period for the lactulose or the rice flour test respectively .
after the ingestion of the lactulose drink or the rice flour meal end expiratory breath samples were collected in 50 ml polyethylene syringes at time 0 and 15 minute intervals [after that] over a 5.5 or seven hour period for the lactulose or the rice flour test respectively .

Intermittent periods of activity were seen thereafter but the timing , amplitude , and duration of this activity was unpredictable .
intermittent periods of activity were seen [after that] but the timing , amplitude , and duration of this activity was unpredictable .

It is difficult to justify regular colonoscopy thereafter .
it is difficult to justify regular colonoscopy [after that] .

Patients were interviewed monthly for the first five months and every three months thereafter .
patients were interviewed monthly for the first five months and every three months [after that] .

Thereafter , an additional 1 ml pulse of hydrochloric acid at a dose of 200 , 300 , 400 , 500 , or 600 µmol was instilled , each dose level was given to four rats from each dietary group .
[after that] , an additional 1 ml pulse of hydrochloric acid at a dose of 200 , 300 , 400 , 500 , or 600 µmol was instilled , each dose level was given to four rats from each dietary group .

Thereafter , the specimens were carefully opened along the greater curvature , laid on and pinned out on a flat surface .
[after that] , the specimens were carefully opened along the greater curvature , laid on and pinned out on a flat surface .

Thereafter , two additional 1 ml pulses were instilled : a 100 µmol HCl bolus , as a mild irritant , and a pulse of 300 , 400 , 500 , 600 , or 700 µmol HCl after a period of 30 minutes .
[after that] , two additional 1 ml pulses were instilled : a 100 µmol hcl bolus , as a mild irritant , and a pulse of 300 , 400 , 500 , 600 , or 700 µmol hcl after a period of 30 minutes .

They received saline pulses through the duodenal line for two hours , and thereafter a 100 µmol HCl pulse followed by 200 , 300 , 400 , or 500 µmol HCl 30 minutes later .
they received saline pulses through the duodenal line for two hours , and [after that] a 100 µmol hcl pulse followed by 200 , 300 , 400 , or 500 µmol hcl 30 minutes later .

Thereafter , although the Florentines continued to import English wool , they did not carry it in their own ships , and in the 1480s proposals were made for a wool staple at Pisa , with English ships having the monopoly of the carrying .
[after that] , although the florentines continued to import english wool , they did not carry it in their own ships , and in the 1480s proposals were made for a wool staple at pisa , with english ships having the monopoly of the carrying .

Thereafter , it is maintained by the effects of starvation and , in some cases , by psychosocial factors .
[after that] , it is maintained by the effects of starvation and , in some cases , by psychosocial factors .

Only Phil Aldrich had seemed as placid as ever , even after being interrupted in the middle of his lunch , and thereafter being seated in the Lancaster Room , writing busily on the hotel notepaper ; and being interrupted just the once , and then only briefly , by Janet Roscoe — the latter intent , it appeared , on fomenting further dissatisfaction whenever possible .
only phil aldrich had seemed as placid as ever , even after being interrupted in the middle of his lunch , and [after that] being seated in the lancaster room , writing busily on the hotel notepaper ; and being interrupted just the once , and then only briefly , by janet roscoe — the latter intent , it appeared , on fomenting further dissatisfaction whenever possible .

They 'd been delighted therefore to renew acquaintanceship at the beginning of the tour ; and thereafter had spent many an hour together , talking about old comrades they 'd known — those who 'd come through , and those who had n't … and reminiscing about some of the ‘ local talent ’ the GIs had been only too happy to discover , in Oxford itself and in some of the surrounding towns and villages .
they 'd been delighted therefore to renew acquaintanceship at the beginning of the tour ; and [after that] had spent many an hour together , talking about old comrades they 'd known — those who 'd come through , and those who had n't … and reminiscing about some of the ‘ local talent ’ the gis had been only too happy to discover , in oxford itself and in some of the surrounding towns and villages .

Looking around , Ashenden noted yet again the readily observable fact that ( doubtless like animals ) tourists from very early on staked out their territories : find them sitting at one particular table for dinner and almost invariably , for breakfast next morning , you would find them sitting at the very same table ; allocate them to particular seats in a coach on the first part of a journey , and as if by some proprietorial right the passengers would thereafter usually veer towards those selfsame seats .
looking around , ashenden noted yet again the readily observable fact that ( doubtless like animals ) tourists from very early on staked out their territories : find them sitting at one particular table for dinner and almost invariably , for breakfast next morning , you would find them sitting at the very same table ; allocate them to particular seats in a coach on the first part of a journey , and as if by some proprietorial right the passengers would [after that] usually veer towards those selfsame seats .

The person who had eavesdropped on the proposed intrigue performed Stratton 's job for him ; stole the jewel ; slid thereafter into the background ; and disposed at leisure of the superfluous pearls and the petty cash .
the person who had eavesdropped on the proposed intrigue performed stratton 's job for him ; stole the jewel ; slid [after that] into the background ; and disposed at leisure of the superfluous pearls and the petty cash .

The name and classification must be entered as the first and second parameters ; thereafter parameters may be entered in any order .
the name and classification must be entered as the first and second parameters ; [after that] parameters may be entered in any order .

This option enables you to register the details of a Product , which means that they will be stored permanently and can not be altered thereafter , so it is important to be sure that they are correct before using the option .
this option enables you to register the details of a product , which means that they will be stored permanently and can not be altered [after that] , so it is important to be sure that they are correct before using the option .

Thereafter , the mêlée reverts to a disenchanted dirge — a bass-led rumble , jumbled guitars and a tuneless male vocal merging into a pretty depressing ( w ) hole .
[after that] , the mêlée reverts to a disenchanted dirge — a bass-led rumble , jumbled guitars and a tuneless male vocal merging into a pretty depressing ( w ) hole .

Thereafter for the next five years she helped to load the new machine .
[after that] for the next five years she helped to load the new machine .

In 1965 Ferdinand Marcos became President and retained power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .
in 1965 ferdinand marcos became president and retained power [after that] through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .

Thereafter , up to 500 blacks had picketed both the shop in question and another Korean-owned store in the same area .
[after that] , up to 500 blacks had picketed both the shop in question and another korean-owned store in the same area .

Thereafter he quickly became its most renowned liberal member , leading some opponents to accuse him of judicial activism .
[after that] he quickly became its most renowned liberal member , leading some opponents to accuse him of judicial activism .

Relations between the two deteriorated quickly thereafter , however , and Enrile was dismissed from the Cabinet in November 1986 [ see pp .
relations between the two deteriorated quickly [after that] , however , and enrile was dismissed from the cabinet in november 1986 [ see pp .

Thereafter they moved around the Balkans , sometimes in open war with the Romans , sometimes bound by treaty .
[after that] they moved around the balkans , sometimes in open war with the romans , sometimes bound by treaty .

After the overthrow of Avitus in 456 Majorian had to use force to bring the Visigoths into line , but thereafter they fought for him against the Sueves in Spain .
after the overthrow of avitus in 456 majorian had to use force to bring the visigoths into line , but [after that] they fought for him against the sueves in spain .

Thereafter he was one of the prime figures in the resistance to Euric , until Nepos conceded the Auvergne to the Visigoths .
[after that] he was one of the prime figures in the resistance to euric , until nepos conceded the auvergne to the visigoths .

Thereafter he became abbot of one of the city 's suburban monasteries , and then bishop .
[after that] he became abbot of one of the city 's suburban monasteries , and then bishop .

It is thought to have been put together shortly thereafter , perhaps at the Austrasian , that is the east Frankish , court , hence the title by which the collection is known .
it is thought to have been put together shortly [after that] , perhaps at the austrasian , that is the east frankish , court , hence the title by which the collection is known .

For the end of the fourth and early fifth centuries Gregory was able to use the Spanish historian Orosius , and the works of two otherwise unknown authors , Sulpicius Alexander and Renatus Profuturus Frigeridus , but thereafter he had no historian to follow .
for the end of the fourth and early fifth centuries gregory was able to use the spanish historian orosius , and the works of two otherwise unknown authors , sulpicius alexander and renatus profuturus frigeridus , but [after that] he had no historian to follow .

Thereafter , under the leadership of military leaders , duces , they remained undefeated .
[after that] , under the leadership of military leaders , duces , they remained undefeated .

Thereafter Gregory has nothing more to say about the Alamans .
[after that] gregory has nothing more to say about the alamans .

Peasant disturbances were numerous in the spring and early summer of 1861 , but declined sharply thereafter .
peasant disturbances were numerous in the spring and early summer of 1861 , but declined sharply [after that] .

An appropriately experienced consultation partner who is a valuations specialist and is not otherwise associated with the client 's ( or the subject entity 's , if different ) affairs should be appointed , and thereafter , should make himself available for consultation as required during the engagement .
an appropriately experienced consultation partner who is a valuations specialist and is not otherwise associated with the client 's ( or the subject entity 's , if different ) affairs should be appointed , and [after that] , should make himself available for consultation as required during the engagement .

Thereafter any timetable will depend very much on the intending purchasers ' due diligence and clearance requirements and the energy of both parties ' lawyers .
[after that] any timetable will depend very much on the intending purchasers ' due diligence and clearance requirements and the energy of both parties ' lawyers .

That we will keep all information of a confidential nature about [ ] Plc and [ ] Plc 's business and financial affairs which come to our knowledge during negotiations for the sale of the Shares to you confidential and accordingly we will not disclose any such information to any person or use any such information other than wholly in connection with such negotiations except to the extent that it is , already when we receive such information , or becomes thereafter , public knowledge through no fault of any of us .
that we will keep all information of a confidential nature about [ ] plc and [ ] plc 's business and financial affairs which come to our knowledge during negotiations for the sale of the shares to you confidential and accordingly we will not disclose any such information to any person or use any such information other than wholly in connection with such negotiations except to the extent that it is , already when we receive such information , or becomes [after that] , public knowledge through no fault of any of us .

All rise from 1550 to 1650 in line with the general inflationary trend in the economy , but thereafter they diverge .
all rise from 1550 to 1650 in line with the general inflationary trend in the economy , but [after that] they diverge .

Similarly , whilst until then the activity rates of older women had been climbing , thereafter they have levelled off .
similarly , whilst until then the activity rates of older women had been climbing , [after that] they have levelled off .

This project is part of a longitudinal study of two Turkish villages , begun in 1949-51 , continued in 1971 and intermittently thereafter , and then by full-scale research in 1986 .
this project is part of a longitudinal study of two turkish villages , begun in 1949-51 , continued in 1971 and intermittently [after that] , and then by full-scale research in 1986 .

The fee varies according to the premises and the type of sound system in use , but for a transistor radio in a small retail shop it 's presently £56.22 for the first year , falling to £37.48 per annum thereafter .
the fee varies according to the premises and the type of sound system in use , but for a transistor radio in a small retail shop it 's presently £56.22 for the first year , falling to £37.48 per annum [after that] .

Shortly thereafter cracks began to appear in the house both internally and externally and the purchaser had to have the house underpinned at a cost of £1,444 and had obtained estimates of between £1,500 and 12,000 for repairs to the superstructure .
shortly [after that] cracks began to appear in the house both internally and externally and the purchaser had to have the house underpinned at a cost of £1,444 and had obtained estimates of between £1,500 and 12,000 for repairs to the superstructure .

In supporting the Bill at its Second Reading in the House of Commons , the Minister of State at the Home Office , Mr Alexander Lyon , explained the Bill 's overall purpose thus : ‘ If a man has committed an indiscretion that brings him before the courts and results in his being convicted and penalised , it must be right that after he has served the penalty and lived it down by a substantial period of good conduct thereafter , it should be without meaning for most people of good will .
in supporting the bill at its second reading in the house of commons , the minister of state at the home office , mr alexander lyon , explained the bill 's overall purpose thus : ‘ if a man has committed an indiscretion that brings him before the courts and results in his being convicted and penalised , it must be right that after he has served the penalty and lived it down by a substantial period of good conduct [after that] , it should be without meaning for most people of good will .

If one aspired to enter Parliament as a burgh representative , other than for the City of Edinburgh , one had first to be a Burgess and elected to the burgh council , thereafter to be chosen by one 's fellow Councillors as the burgh nominee to the District of Burghs .
if one aspired to enter parliament as a burgh representative , other than for the city of edinburgh , one had first to be a burgess and elected to the burgh council , [after that] to be chosen by one 's fellow councillors as the burgh nominee to the district of burghs .

‘ Thereafter we were always chasing the match and late on we gave a try away after attempting to break out of defence . ’
‘ [after that] we were always chasing the match and late on we gave a try away after attempting to break out of defence . ’

Holmes , for example , whose textbook ‘ Principles of physical geology ’ was used by generations of geology students , once had a paper rejected by the Geological Society of London , and thereafter refused to submit any papers to any of that body 's journals , throughout a very long and prolific career .
holmes , for example , whose textbook ‘ principles of physical geology ’ was used by generations of geology students , once had a paper rejected by the geological society of london , and [after that] refused to submit any papers to any of that body 's journals , throughout a very long and prolific career .

From 936/1530 to well beyond the limits of the present study the office was held continuously by Ottoman scholars , a survey of whose careers suggests that if the office was not a mevleviyet from 936/1530 it was so from a matter of a very few years thereafter .
from 936/1530 to well beyond the limits of the present study the office was held continuously by ottoman scholars , a survey of whose careers suggests that if the office was not a mevleviyet from 936/1530 it was so from a matter of a very few years [after that] .

Thereafter he was appointed successively to the Mihrimah Sultan medrese ( 966/1558 ) , the Sahn ( 968/1561 ) , the Ayasofya medrese ( 970/1563 ) , and one of the Suleymaniye medreses ( 971/1564 ) .
[after that] he was appointed successively to the mihrimah sultan medrese ( 966/1558 ) , the sahn ( 968/1561 ) , the ayasofya medrese ( 970/1563 ) , and one of the suleymaniye medreses ( 971/1564 ) .

Once a micro computer is connected into a shared data base , it becomes an intelligent terminal , capable of carrying out some functions , such as data entry standalone , but thereafter used to interrogate the shared information , alongside conventional visual displays .
once a micro computer is connected into a shared data base , it becomes an intelligent terminal , capable of carrying out some functions , such as data entry standalone , but [after that] used to interrogate the shared information , alongside conventional visual displays .

Thereafter there are opportunities for further promotion to posts with more complex and specialised legal work and responsibilities and eventually to positions involving the management of parts or the whole of a department .
[after that] there are opportunities for further promotion to posts with more complex and specialised legal work and responsibilities and eventually to positions involving the management of parts or the whole of a department .

Thereafter , the artistic user can both draw and paint .
[after that] , the artistic user can both draw and paint .

Thereafter she was seldom without pain , and underwent 32 operations during her lifetime .
[after that] she was seldom without pain , and underwent 32 operations during her lifetime .

Theodora had studied the membership list of the Society of St Sylvester and used the Julians ' phone and the Archdeacon 's knowledge thereafter .
theodora had studied the membership list of the society of st sylvester and used the julians ' phone and the archdeacon 's knowledge [after that] .

As the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .
as the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases [after that] , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .

When the virus takes over a cell it takes over the master-plan or system of instruction of that cell and the cell is thereafter directed to reproduce itself with the virus already in command .
when the virus takes over a cell it takes over the master-plan or system of instruction of that cell and the cell is [after that] directed to reproduce itself with the virus already in command .

Before the Duke 's canal was completed in 1765 , coal had sold in Manchester at double its pit-head price ; thereafter it was halved to threepence farthing a hundredweight .
before the duke 's canal was completed in 1765 , coal had sold in manchester at double its pit-head price ; [after that] it was halved to threepence farthing a hundredweight .

Thereafter , and notably from the 1780s , the company had to make recourse to fresh stock issue not so much to raise fresh working capital but to release it from debt .
[after that] , and notably from the 1780s , the company had to make recourse to fresh stock issue not so much to raise fresh working capital but to release it from debt .

Thereafter , however , their share increased steadily until by 1850 this market was more important than either the European or North American market , in both of which home cotton manufacture had become significant .
[after that] , however , their share increased steadily until by 1850 this market was more important than either the european or north american market , in both of which home cotton manufacture had become significant .

Re-exporting of tropical and semi-tropical products had boomed in the later seventeenth century and although expansion was less rapid thereafter , it held firm through the first three-quarters of the eighteenth century .
re-exporting of tropical and semi-tropical products had boomed in the later seventeenth century and although expansion was less rapid [after that] , it held firm through the first three-quarters of the eighteenth century .

The remark got back to Belinda , who did n't speak to her for years thereafter .
the remark got back to belinda , who did n't speak to her for years [after that] .

The only exception is where it appears to a court that the reporting of the proceedings before it might prejudice the administration of justice in other proceedings imminently pending in another court , or shortly to follow thereafter .
the only exception is where it appears to a court that the reporting of the proceedings before it might prejudice the administration of justice in other proceedings imminently pending in another court , or shortly to follow [after that] .

Thereafter , it will be for the British presidency to carry that work forward .
[after that] , it will be for the british presidency to carry that work forward .

Does the Minister accept that those vitally important services that she described depend not only on her own Department , but on the Department of Social Services , on the Department of the Environment in respect of local government , on the Scottish Office and on the Welsh Office ? Given the importance of those services from 1993 , in the context of care in the community , will the Minister undertake an in-depth review to ensure adequate budgets for those services to ensure that there is no shortfall thereafter ?
does the minister accept that those vitally important services that she described depend not only on her own department , but on the department of social services , on the department of the environment in respect of local government , on the scottish office and on the welsh office ? given the importance of those services from 1993 , in the context of care in the community , will the minister undertake an in-depth review to ensure adequate budgets for those services to ensure that there is no shortfall [after that] ?

Thereafter , it is for the House to decide upon those recommendations .
[after that] , it is for the house to decide upon those recommendations .

The second is the desire that the transition between now and 1997 and thereafter should be smooth and that the principle of two systems in one country should be honoured .
the second is the desire that the transition between now and 1997 and [after that] should be smooth and that the principle of two systems in one country should be honoured .

In such circumstances , would not it be impossible thereafter for Members of Parliament with Scottish constituencies to sit in Departments as Ministers , administering those Departments —
in such circumstances , would not it be impossible [after that] for members of parliament with scottish constituencies to sit in departments as ministers , administering those departments —

There is no desire on our part to play down the importance of providing for those with special educational needs throughout their school career and thereafter .
there is no desire on our part to play down the importance of providing for those with special educational needs throughout their school career and [after that] .

As the House will be aware , appeals under the community charge are , for the most part , made initially to the community charge registration officer and thereafter to the sheriff under summary procedure .
as the house will be aware , appeals under the community charge are , for the most part , made initially to the community charge registration officer and [after that] to the sheriff under summary procedure .

Thereafter , the market will not be easy .
[after that] , the market will not be easy .

The landowners had not been paid , the company went bankrupt and thereafter spent the rest of its corporate life in Chancery .
the landowners had not been paid , the company went bankrupt and [after that] spent the rest of its corporate life in chancery .

The rental for the first year would be £250 rising to £500 thereafter on an annual licence .
the rental for the first year would be £250 rising to £500 [after that] on an annual licence .

[ … ] Thereafter , we will return to further development of the contrast between a theory of equilibrium prices and a theory of the market process .
[ … ] [after that] , we will return to further development of the contrast between a theory of equilibrium prices and a theory of the market process .

And Joanna had launched into the tale , thereafter regaling her fascinated listener with other stories of fitzAlan 's past .
and joanna had launched into the tale , [after that] regaling her fascinated listener with other stories of fitzalan 's past .

Specificity or the degree of specificity of indexing , must be established during planning for the index and reviewed from time to time thereafter .
specificity or the degree of specificity of indexing , must be established during planning for the index and reviewed from time to time [after that] .

Having watched him grow old before their eyes in their own sitting-rooms , they would thereafter accept him in parts of any age .
having watched him grow old before their eyes in their own sitting-rooms , they would [after that] accept him in parts of any age .

Thereafter the truly experienced Phillips-watcher will know that he is to be found in the corner of the studio conducting a vehement argument with himself on the subject of whatever he just did n't tell you , and will shortly be sending an assistant back to pick up his hat .
[after that] the truly experienced phillips-watcher will know that he is to be found in the corner of the studio conducting a vehement argument with himself on the subject of whatever he just did n't tell you , and will shortly be sending an assistant back to pick up his hat .

Responsibility for the education of severely subnormal children in England and Wales was transferred by this Act from the health authorities to the local education authorities ; LEAs were thereafter responsible for all establishments caring for mentally handicapped children .
responsibility for the education of severely subnormal children in england and wales was transferred by this act from the health authorities to the local education authorities ; leas were [after that] responsible for all establishments caring for mentally handicapped children .

But thereafter , the powers of LEAs are now to be greatly restricted .
but [after that] , the powers of leas are now to be greatly restricted .

The defendants paid the reduced rent from 1941 down to the beginning of 1945 , by which time all the flats in the block were fully let , and continued to pay it thereafter .
the defendants paid the reduced rent from 1941 down to the beginning of 1945 , by which time all the flats in the block were fully let , and continued to pay it [after that] .

Thereafter he became a missionary of heathen Africa , wrote a seminal alchemical text called the Clavicula , and was reputed to turn himself into a red cock when occasion demanded .
[after that] he became a missionary of heathen africa , wrote a seminal alchemical text called the clavicula , and was reputed to turn himself into a red cock when occasion demanded .

Thereafter there was silence in the dining-room .
[after that] there was silence in the dining-room .

Toby imagined Penny as a girl of infinitely greater experience and sophistication than himself , though , in looking back on her four years at Bedford College and her half year of unemployment thereafter , Penny could only be struck by the slim amount of worldly knowledge gained , the fleeting , unsatisfactory nature of the relationships formed .
toby imagined penny as a girl of infinitely greater experience and sophistication than himself , though , in looking back on her four years at bedford college and her half year of unemployment [after that] , penny could only be struck by the slim amount of worldly knowledge gained , the fleeting , unsatisfactory nature of the relationships formed .

The hotel staff had been firmly relegated to a very small part of their own domain for the preparation of luncheon and would thereafter be merely onlookers , apart from serving the food to the hoi polloi of the guests this evening , while Auguste and his pupils served the Prince of Wales 's table .
the hotel staff had been firmly relegated to a very small part of their own domain for the preparation of luncheon and would [after that] be merely onlookers , apart from serving the food to the hoi polloi of the guests this evening , while auguste and his pupils served the prince of wales 's table .

Thereafter Louis the German was the senior member of the family : some seventeen years older than his half-brother Charles , he lived to the ripe age of seventy .
[after that] louis the german was the senior member of the family : some seventeen years older than his half-brother charles , he lived to the ripe age of seventy .

Before 823 , there is no mention of Judith 's influence : assorted scraps of evidence thereafter attest her efforts to bolster her own position by collaborating closely ( some said , too closely ) with her husband 's chief counsellors .
before 823 , there is no mention of judith 's influence : assorted scraps of evidence [after that] attest her efforts to bolster her own position by collaborating closely ( some said , too closely ) with her husband 's chief counsellors .

At trick two you cash the Ace of Diamonds and thereafter the defence can not dare to lead Diamonds and must always lead another suit at you any time they are on lead .
at trick two you cash the ace of diamonds and [after that] the defence can not dare to lead diamonds and must always lead another suit at you any time they are on lead .

Installing a pond may be expensive and time consuming but , thereafter , little maintenance is required .
installing a pond may be expensive and time consuming but , [after that] , little maintenance is required .

Thereafter , Franco began to make a rhetorical distinction between the war against the United Kingdom and the United States , in which Spain took no part , and the war against the Soviet Union , which , in Franco 's view , was a new crusade against communism , of which Nationalist Spain had already fought the first battle during her Civil War .
[after that] , franco began to make a rhetorical distinction between the war against the united kingdom and the united states , in which spain took no part , and the war against the soviet union , which , in franco 's view , was a new crusade against communism , of which nationalist spain had already fought the first battle during her civil war .

Thereafter it should be opened up for general discussion .
[after that] it should be opened up for general discussion .

There is no rule of law that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor renders it then and thereafter reasonably practicable to present an originating application in time .
there is no rule of law that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor renders it then and [after that] reasonably practicable to present an originating application in time .

It may be relevant for the Industrial Tribunal to investigate whether at the time he was dismissed and if not then when thereafter , he knew that he had the right to complain that he had been unfairly dismissed ; in some cases the Tribunal may have to consider whether there has been any misrepresentation about any relevant matter by the employer to the employee .
it may be relevant for the industrial tribunal to investigate whether at the time he was dismissed and if not then when [after that] , he knew that he had the right to complain that he had been unfairly dismissed ; in some cases the tribunal may have to consider whether there has been any misrepresentation about any relevant matter by the employer to the employee .

This proposes that with increasing arousal task performance is improved until an optimal level is achieved and that thereafter further increases in arousal are associated with a decrement in performance .
this proposes that with increasing arousal task performance is improved until an optimal level is achieved and that [after that] further increases in arousal are associated with a decrement in performance .

Arrangements are being made to transfer remaining Water Operations to ground floor in main building and thereafter Meter Section/Work Study/Transport Co–ordinator and BUsiness Plan Team .
arrangements are being made to transfer remaining water operations to ground floor in main building and [after that] meter section/work study/transport co–ordinator and business plan team .

The first group were highly cited in the first year after publication , and declined thereafter .
the first group were highly cited in the first year after publication , and declined [after that] .

Thereafter , unless encouragement is given to publish the new knowledge , its role in the scientific communication process is as an item in a list , or in a subject bibliography , if that subject area recognises the value of thesis contributions .
[after that] , unless encouragement is given to publish the new knowledge , its role in the scientific communication process is as an item in a list , or in a subject bibliography , if that subject area recognises the value of thesis contributions .

By June of that year the water had been excluded and thereafter the new dock was constructed .
by june of that year the water had been excluded and [after that] the new dock was constructed .

The cancellation fee will be ten per cent if in the first five years , five per cent between five and ten years , two per cent thereafter .
the cancellation fee will be ten per cent if in the first five years , five per cent between five and ten years , two per cent [after that] .

Those unemployed were to receive 100 per cent of their former wage during the first month of redundancy and 60 per cent thereafter .
those unemployed were to receive 100 per cent of their former wage during the first month of redundancy and 60 per cent [after that] .

In 1975 he led the party to a crushing electoral victory and , thereafter , served as Prime Minister until 1984 when he called a sudden election and was defeated by the Labour Party .
in 1975 he led the party to a crushing electoral victory and , [after that] , served as prime minister until 1984 when he called a sudden election and was defeated by the labour party .

Thereafter , as Chief of Staff under the new government and then Defence Secretary , Ramos had given unswerving loyalty to Aquino , the single most important factor in enabling her to defeat numerous coup attempts .
[after that] , as chief of staff under the new government and then defence secretary , ramos had given unswerving loyalty to aquino , the single most important factor in enabling her to defeat numerous coup attempts .

At a conference in Athens in March 1990 government representatives from Albania , Bulgaria , Greece , Romania , Turkey and Yugoslavia agreed to strengthen economic and technological co-operation among the Balkan countries and held meetings regularly thereafter .
at a conference in athens in march 1990 government representatives from albania , bulgaria , greece , romania , turkey and yugoslavia agreed to strengthen economic and technological co-operation among the balkan countries and held meetings regularly [after that] .

Areas to be covered by a common foreign security policy would be decided by consensus by the European Council but thereafter decisions on these issues could be decided by a weighted majority .
areas to be covered by a common foreign security policy would be decided by consensus by the european council but [after that] decisions on these issues could be decided by a weighted majority .

The member countries would establish those aspects of foreign policy which were ripe for `` common action `` , and policy decisions on these aspects could thereafter be made by qualified majority voting .
the member countries would establish those aspects of foreign policy which were ripe for `` common action `` , and policy decisions on these aspects could [after that] be made by qualified majority voting .

In the first three rounds a two-thirds majority was required , and thereafter only a simple majority .
in the first three rounds a two-thirds majority was required , and [after that] only a simple majority .

Thereafter , as Chief of Staff under the new government and then Defence Secretary , his unswerving loyalty was the single most important factor in Aquino 's defeat of the numerous coup attempts against her .
[after that] , as chief of staff under the new government and then defence secretary , his unswerving loyalty was the single most important factor in aquino 's defeat of the numerous coup attempts against her .

Thereafter sessions were to revert to Bonn pending a decision on the final seat of parliament [ see pp .
[after that] sessions were to revert to bonn pending a decision on the final seat of parliament [ see pp .

In 1965 Ferdinand Marcos became President and retained power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .
in 1965 ferdinand marcos became president and retained power [after that] through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .

Guidelines were introduced by the then Prime Minister , Geoffrey Palmer , with effect from June 1 , 1990 , under which Cabinet ministers , ministers outside the Cabinet and parliamentary under-secretaries were required to disclose their financial interests within four weeks of taking office and annually thereafter .
guidelines were introduced by the then prime minister , geoffrey palmer , with effect from june 1 , 1990 , under which cabinet ministers , ministers outside the cabinet and parliamentary under-secretaries were required to disclose their financial interests within four weeks of taking office and annually [after that] .

Thereafter , with its circulation collapsing , it had been in a state of crisis .
[after that] , with its circulation collapsing , it had been in a state of crisis .

The Anglo-Saxons accepted Christianity in the seventh century , and in some respects its progress thereafter was spectacular .
the anglo-saxons accepted christianity in the seventh century , and in some respects its progress [after that] was spectacular .

Surviving rules of gilds of laymen suggest that most such associations had a spiritual aspect ; in tenth-century Exeter gildsmen assembled `` for the love of God and for our souls ' need , having regard both to the prosperity of our life and also to the days thereafter which we wish to be allotted to us at God 's Judgement `` , and gave any member going on pilgrimage overseas five pence from each of his colleagues .
surviving rules of gilds of laymen suggest that most such associations had a spiritual aspect ; in tenth-century exeter gildsmen assembled `` for the love of god and for our souls ' need , having regard both to the prosperity of our life and also to the days [after that] which we wish to be allotted to us at god 's judgement `` , and gave any member going on pilgrimage overseas five pence from each of his colleagues .

Shortly thereafter , Wythman left on pilgrimage , to be succeeded by a member of the community , Æthelstan .
shortly [after that] , wythman left on pilgrimage , to be succeeded by a member of the community , æthelstan .

Thereafter , he gradually redefined his mission from that of a soldier refusing to accept capitulation to that of a symbol not merely of continuing military resistance to Germany but of political resistance to Vichyism and Nazism .
[after that] , he gradually redefined his mission from that of a soldier refusing to accept capitulation to that of a symbol not merely of continuing military resistance to germany but of political resistance to vichyism and nazism .

Thereafter , it was fostered by de Gaulle 's staunch support of Adenauer 's hard line on Berlin .
[after that] , it was fostered by de gaulle 's staunch support of adenauer 's hard line on berlin .

The cost of becoming a candidate , all observers agreed , was that thereafter de Gaulle was more widely viewed as a partisan figure .
the cost of becoming a candidate , all observers agreed , was that [after that] de gaulle was more widely viewed as a partisan figure .

Thereafter the accelerating rate of population growth coincided with the ending of the bounty of generally good harvests to turn the trend in the cost of living sharply upwards , while in most regions the increase in the labour force changed a labour market in which wages had generally held up for more than half a century .
[after that] the accelerating rate of population growth coincided with the ending of the bounty of generally good harvests to turn the trend in the cost of living sharply upwards , while in most regions the increase in the labour force changed a labour market in which wages had generally held up for more than half a century .

Thereafter they were more widely spaced in both chronology and geography but have been recorded in 1817 – 18 , 1831 ( confined to Cornwall ) , 1847 ( again confined to Cornwall in England , though extensive in Scotland ) and final episodes in Devon in 1854 and 1867 .
[after that] they were more widely spaced in both chronology and geography but have been recorded in 1817 – 18 , 1831 ( confined to cornwall ) , 1847 ( again confined to cornwall in england , though extensive in scotland ) and final episodes in devon in 1854 and 1867 .

what he is expected to do on his wedding night and thereafter .
what he is expected to do on his wedding night and [after that] .

Thereafter , apart from a small private income , he subsisted on a university pension for a further ten years , during which time he produced the bulk of his philosophical works , at that time largely unknown , until in January 1889 all creative work ended abruptly with his mental breakdown ; he died in 1900 .
[after that] , apart from a small private income , he subsisted on a university pension for a further ten years , during which time he produced the bulk of his philosophical works , at that time largely unknown , until in january 1889 all creative work ended abruptly with his mental breakdown ; he died in 1900 .

or one-twentieth during the first five years thereafter to have 2s .
or one-twentieth during the first five years [after that] to have 2s .

This was intended to run for a term of 15 years , yielding a Royalty of one-twelfth during the first two years , and a tenth part thereafter , `` … sufficiently washed cleansed and made merchanteable … `` He was expected to employ six able well-experienced and sufficient miners for nine months in each year , and as soon as `` Tenn Tunns `` be raised , to employ ten able well-experienced workmen to dress the ore .
this was intended to run for a term of 15 years , yielding a royalty of one-twelfth during the first two years , and a tenth part [after that] , `` … sufficiently washed cleansed and made merchanteable … `` he was expected to employ six able well-experienced and sufficient miners for nine months in each year , and as soon as `` tenn tunns `` be raised , to employ ten able well-experienced workmen to dress the ore .

Infant mortality of second birth order children was the lowest , and it rose with each successive birth order thereafter , with the exception of random fluctuation due to small numbers of high order live births .
infant mortality of second birth order children was the lowest , and it rose with each successive birth order [after that] , with the exception of random fluctuation due to small numbers of high order live births .

Thereafter , in Gibbon 's memorable phrase , `` encompassed on all sides by the enemies of their religion , the Aethiopians slept near a thousand years , forgetful of the world by whom they were forgotten `` .
[after that] , in gibbon 's memorable phrase , `` encompassed on all sides by the enemies of their religion , the aethiopians slept near a thousand years , forgetful of the world by whom they were forgotten `` .

Most of them use small sets of rules about what constitutes an affix which can safely be removed , and any stem `` normalization `` which may thereafter be needed to achieve conflation ( e.g .
most of them use small sets of rules about what constitutes an affix which can safely be removed , and any stem `` normalization `` which may [after that] be needed to achieve conflation ( e.g .

Even for scientists there comes a point in `` he gathering of evidence when conviction takes over and thereafter selects the evidence .
even for scientists there comes a point in `` he gathering of evidence when conviction takes over and [after that] selects the evidence .

the stress , referred to the original cross-section is therefore This relation fits quite well the behaviour of rubbers for values of — up to about 1.5 ( 50 per cent strain ) but is not accurate thereafter .
the stress , referred to the original cross-section is therefore this relation fits quite well the behaviour of rubbers for values of — up to about 1.5 ( 50 per cent strain ) but is not accurate [after that] .

The first month of the pool starts on April 4th and thereafter someone will be at each Mass to collect subscriptions .
the first month of the pool starts on april 4th and [after that] someone will be at each mass to collect subscriptions .

The maximal peak pressure in the area was 1200 bar before June 1989 and 1400 bar thereafter , when the upgraded dish array was installed .
the maximal peak pressure in the area was 1200 bar before june 1989 and 1400 bar [after that] , when the upgraded dish array was installed .

Most patients without renal disease receiving cyclosporin have a 20 % or more decline in renal function during the first six months of treatment with little progression thereafter .
most patients without renal disease receiving cyclosporin have a 20 % or more decline in renal function during the first six months of treatment with little progression [after that] .

Patients were seen , and if indicated examined , at the outpatient clinic every two to four weeks during treatment and every four to eight weeks during the period thereafter .
patients were seen , and if indicated examined , at the outpatient clinic every two to four weeks during treatment and every four to eight weeks during the period [after that] .

a share which pays an annual dividend of 10p which is expected to grow by 6% p.a. for the next 10 years and 4% p.a. thereafter .
a share which pays an annual dividend of 10p which is expected to grow by 6% p.a. for the next 10 years and 4% p.a. [after that] .

These lands the king now claimed as his ‘ proper soil ’ , and tenants were forced to compound with the commissioners by paying fines to the Crown and an annual rent thereafter .
these lands the king now claimed as his ‘ proper soil ’ , and tenants were forced to compound with the commissioners by paying fines to the crown and an annual rent [after that] .

Thus the words supposedly uttered by a despairing king , just before he turned his face to the wall to die , are an immediate symbol of the reaction of very many of those on whom Mary Queen of Scots was to make an impact , in her lifetime and thereafter .
thus the words supposedly uttered by a despairing king , just before he turned his face to the wall to die , are an immediate symbol of the reaction of very many of those on whom mary queen of scots was to make an impact , in her lifetime and [after that] .

Although the most recent writings on Mary have taken us away from the image of pantomime villainess or fairy queen , created in the sixteenth century and revived with such enthusiasm in the eighteenth and thereafter , and provided us instead with a human being of more believable proportions , nevertheless Mary still remains an infinitely more shadowy figure as queen of Scotland than her Stewart predecessors and successors .
although the most recent writings on mary have taken us away from the image of pantomime villainess or fairy queen , created in the sixteenth century and revived with such enthusiasm in the eighteenth and [after that] , and provided us instead with a human being of more believable proportions , nevertheless mary still remains an infinitely more shadowy figure as queen of scotland than her stewart predecessors and successors .

The extreme contrast is with her cousin Elizabeth , declared bastard before she was three , enduring four stepmothers thereafter , and brought up mainly away from court circles .
the extreme contrast is with her cousin elizabeth , declared bastard before she was three , enduring four stepmothers [after that] , and brought up mainly away from court circles .

For a time the eastern empire was able to maintain itself in Italy , but thereafter the popes had to look to the new Frankish power in the north for their temporal defences .
for a time the eastern empire was able to maintain itself in italy , but [after that] the popes had to look to the new frankish power in the north for their temporal defences .

Thereafter , and for more than a generation , Germany was the stage on which the rival powers played out their conflicts .
[after that] , and for more than a generation , germany was the stage on which the rival powers played out their conflicts .

Thereafter , the divisions between north and south Germany also became fixed and the balance of influence in Germany began to shift away from Austria and towards the rising power in the north , Brandenburg-Prussia , under whose aegis Germany was eventually united .
[after that] , the divisions between north and south germany also became fixed and the balance of influence in germany began to shift away from austria and towards the rising power in the north , brandenburg-prussia , under whose aegis germany was eventually united .

Thereafter , whenever Ferdinand 's armies asked for quarter , they were likely to receive ‘ Magdeburg quarter ’ .
[after that] , whenever ferdinand 's armies asked for quarter , they were likely to receive ‘ magdeburg quarter ’ .

Thereafter Ladislav could not keep any post for long before the authorities hounded him out of it .
[after that] ladislav could not keep any post for long before the authorities hounded him out of it .

The New Stone Age saw the introduction of an occupation that was to have vital importance for Denmark thereafter : agriculture .
the new stone age saw the introduction of an occupation that was to have vital importance for denmark [after that] : agriculture .

Thereafter his behaviour deteriorated further .
[after that] his behaviour deteriorated further .

In the months thereafter he sank almost completely from view .
in the months [after that] he sank almost completely from view .

For bishops , then for presbyters , finally for deacons , Western churches came to expect and ultimately to require celibacy ( though the canonical compulsion was not seriously enforced until medieval times and even thereafter in parts of Europe , like Southern Germany or Wales , it was common for village priests to have a consort and a family , with the support of their flock and the connivance of their bishop who derived income from the annual fee or tax to allow the arrangement ) .
for bishops , then for presbyters , finally for deacons , western churches came to expect and ultimately to require celibacy ( though the canonical compulsion was not seriously enforced until medieval times and even [after that] in parts of europe , like southern germany or wales , it was common for village priests to have a consort and a family , with the support of their flock and the connivance of their bishop who derived income from the annual fee or tax to allow the arrangement ) .

It might be imagined that Christianity would first provide for rulers those ritualistic and magical elements congruent with the expectations of converted pagans , and thereafter , with growing political and religious maturity , the moral dimension .
it might be imagined that christianity would first provide for rulers those ritualistic and magical elements congruent with the expectations of converted pagans , and [after that] , with growing political and religious maturity , the moral dimension .

Thereafter , the coastal scenery reminded me increasingly of lowland Scotland , fields and hedges lying close to the shore .
[after that] , the coastal scenery reminded me increasingly of lowland scotland , fields and hedges lying close to the shore .

It is at this time that the trident became a regular part of her iconography , specifically after the great victory of the Earl of Howe at the battle of the Glorious First of June in 1794 ; shortly thereafter , from the early nineteenth century , she is also regularly shown as wearing a helmet .
it is at this time that the trident became a regular part of her iconography , specifically after the great victory of the earl of howe at the battle of the glorious first of june in 1794 ; shortly [after that] , from the early nineteenth century , she is also regularly shown as wearing a helmet .

The Lebanese press had obligingly produced a comic version of McFarlane ; but the film versions of both Reagan and North were also set as early as November 1986 , and did not much change thereafter .
the lebanese press had obligingly produced a comic version of mcfarlane ; but the film versions of both reagan and north were also set as early as november 1986 , and did not much change [after that] .

They had remained friends thereafter , each possessed of a vague disappointment in the other for which they blamed themselves .
they had remained friends [after that] , each possessed of a vague disappointment in the other for which they blamed themselves .

To judge from Maud 's letters — as we have to , since most of Yeats 's were destroyed — the relationship thereafter was tinged with resignation on both sides , with Yeats proposing marriage every so often but not being greatly upset when he was once again turned down .
to judge from maud 's letters — as we have to , since most of yeats 's were destroyed — the relationship [after that] was tinged with resignation on both sides , with yeats proposing marriage every so often but not being greatly upset when he was once again turned down .

Peter Mansfield , a distinguished British commentator on the Middle East , sketches its history from the Sumerians to Napoleon 's invasion of Egypt in 1798 and takes a more detailed look at events thereafter , right up to the Gulf War .
peter mansfield , a distinguished british commentator on the middle east , sketches its history from the sumerians to napoleon 's invasion of egypt in 1798 and takes a more detailed look at events [after that] , right up to the gulf war .

In the men 's semi-finals , Martin won an attritional first game that contained 25 lets and 10 penalty points , but lost his edge thereafter and offered no worthwhile opposition in the second and third .
in the men 's semi-finals , martin won an attritional first game that contained 25 lets and 10 penalty points , but lost his edge [after that] and offered no worthwhile opposition in the second and third .

On attaining majority , or within a reasonable time thereafter , an infant may ratify a contract which is otherwise unenforceable against him or voidable at his option , and he can do this by unilateral act .
on attaining majority , or within a reasonable time [after that] , an infant may ratify a contract which is otherwise unenforceable against him or voidable at his option , and he can do this by unilateral act .

For the purposes of this provision , such issue include illegitimate children and any persons conceived before the testator 's death and born living thereafter .
for the purposes of this provision , such issue include illegitimate children and any persons conceived before the testator 's death and born living [after that] .

Thereafter , events had an almost predetermined ring about them as Soviet action was matched by Western reaction .
[after that] , events had an almost predetermined ring about them as soviet action was matched by western reaction .

So the Old Parsonage remained until the American Mr Stucley bought it from the church in the 1930s , thereafter leaving it to the National Trust .
so the old parsonage remained until the american mr stucley bought it from the church in the 1930s , [after that] leaving it to the national trust .

Thereafter the relationship became steadily more strained and he left during the 1978 season .
[after that] the relationship became steadily more strained and he left during the 1978 season .

Thereafter he took heed from being dropped once or twice , and soon established a permanent place in the team .
[after that] he took heed from being dropped once or twice , and soon established a permanent place in the team .

Thereafter , he was a fixture in the team apart from the World Series interlude , with these two double centuries in 1984 representing the peak of his career .
[after that] , he was a fixture in the team apart from the world series interlude , with these two double centuries in 1984 representing the peak of his career .

Lamb , dropped by Dujon on 30 , played splendidly thereafter , putting on 172 for the fourth wicket with Robin Smith , reaching his tenth Test century and fifth against West Indies , and finally falling for 132 .
lamb , dropped by dujon on 30 , played splendidly [after that] , putting on 172 for the fourth wicket with robin smith , reaching his tenth test century and fifth against west indies , and finally falling for 132 .

David and Angie came to the opening night of Pork and to nearly every night thereafter and we became really good friends .
david and angie came to the opening night of pork and to nearly every night [after that] and we became really good friends .

Thereafter Helen frequently walked to meet him or to accompany him on his return home across Wandsworth Common and on January 1896 they had their first long walk to Richmond .
[after that] helen frequently walked to meet him or to accompany him on his return home across wandsworth common and on january 1896 they had their first long walk to richmond .

Thereafter it would fall , reaching 115m in 2025 .
[after that] it would fall , reaching 115m in 2025 .

Good , then Francesca can do the honours from Thursday and work for him thereafter .
good , then francesca can do the honours from thursday and work for him [after that] .

The doctor who had done the autopsy , however , had scouted , promptly , any suggestion that she could have moved thereafter .
the doctor who had done the autopsy , however , had scouted , promptly , any suggestion that she could have moved [after that] .

After the break Oxford maintained their forward impetus , scoring a push-over try , and thereafter the sides alternated tries , culminating in the best of the afternoon when Smith , Hein and Curtis combined in a 60-metre break down the right which produced a diving touchdown for Curtis .
after the break oxford maintained their forward impetus , scoring a push-over try , and [after that] the sides alternated tries , culminating in the best of the afternoon when smith , hein and curtis combined in a 60-metre break down the right which produced a diving touchdown for curtis .

Thereafter , much of Margarete 's unquenchable energies were devoted to telling in books and lectures what she knew of the story which Solzhenitsyn would describe definitively in his Gulag trilogy , and to trying to inoculate the young against the totalitarian virus wherever she thought she saw the threat of it .
[after that] , much of margarete 's unquenchable energies were devoted to telling in books and lectures what she knew of the story which solzhenitsyn would describe definitively in his gulag trilogy , and to trying to inoculate the young against the totalitarian virus wherever she thought she saw the threat of it .

It hopes that its shares will be traded on a matched bargain basis thereafter .
it hopes that its shares will be traded on a matched bargain basis [after that] .

She joined him , was known thereafter as Toots , and became a formidable and ruthless ally in Cotton 's obsessive quest to become the best player in the world and to emancipate his chosen profession .
she joined him , was known [after that] as toots , and became a formidable and ruthless ally in cotton 's obsessive quest to become the best player in the world and to emancipate his chosen profession .

Thereafter , however , Bedford — with points differential potentially a decisive factor at the end of the season — moved remorselessly ahead .
[after that] , however , bedford — with points differential potentially a decisive factor at the end of the season — moved remorselessly ahead .

Thereafter the story , like others of the same romantic genre , rather foundered in lack of plot .
[after that] the story , like others of the same romantic genre , rather foundered in lack of plot .

Young Roberto 's mother died when he was eight and thereafter the boy rarely left the family villa of Baronta near Florence .
young roberto 's mother died when he was eight and [after that] the boy rarely left the family villa of baronta near florence .

Thereafter , any money held by the travel agent is held on Club 18–30 's behalf .
[after that] , any money held by the travel agent is held on club 18–30 's behalf .

Thereafter , several research papers were published on the Lewisian complex , including Dearnley ( 1962 ) , Myers ( 1970 , 1971 ) , Coward ( 1972 , 1973 ) and Coward & and ; Graham ( 1973 ) ; and other papers have been concerned with the geology of the igneous complex of south Harris , and in particular , the anorthosite intrusion cropping out in the south east ( Davidson 1943 ; Dearnley 1963 ) .
[after that] , several research papers were published on the lewisian complex , including dearnley ( 1962 ) , myers ( 1970 , 1971 ) , coward ( 1972 , 1973 ) and coward & and ; graham ( 1973 ) ; and other papers have been concerned with the geology of the igneous complex of south harris , and in particular , the anorthosite intrusion cropping out in the south east ( davidson 1943 ; dearnley 1963 ) .

Thereafter progress was to a real parachute descent .
[after that] progress was to a real parachute descent .

Unable to summon the courage to enter the cold dark of the river the man , a lawyer by profession , finds himself at odd moments thereafter , and even in the courtroom , increasingly assailed by a laugh at the back of his mind , a laugh that mocks his whole posture in the world , a laugh that progressively exposes in him what he chooses to see as a guilty pretence .
unable to summon the courage to enter the cold dark of the river the man , a lawyer by profession , finds himself at odd moments [after that] , and even in the courtroom , increasingly assailed by a laugh at the back of his mind , a laugh that mocks his whole posture in the world , a laugh that progressively exposes in him what he chooses to see as a guilty pretence .

The young male thereafter protects very young sexually immature females so that they are attracted to him and form a close relationship .
the young male [after that] protects very young sexually immature females so that they are attracted to him and form a close relationship .

To represent the dependence of the world upon God it is a classic error to suggest that it is like a car that requires an initial shove down the street and thereafter runs of its own accord .
to represent the dependence of the world upon god it is a classic error to suggest that it is like a car that requires an initial shove down the street and [after that] runs of its own accord .

The first grant of options will be made following the approval of the Scheme at the Annual General Meeting and , thereafter , within the period of 42 days after the announcement of the Company 's results for any period .
the first grant of options will be made following the approval of the scheme at the annual general meeting and , [after that] , within the period of 42 days after the announcement of the company 's results for any period .

The maximum number of new shares which may be issued under the schemes is restricted to 5 % of the issued ordinary share capital over the first five years ending in 1991 and thereafter 3 % over any three year period .
the maximum number of new shares which may be issued under the schemes is restricted to 5 % of the issued ordinary share capital over the first five years ending in 1991 and [after that] 3 % over any three year period .

Thereafter normal rates apply and coverage continues up to any age .
[after that] normal rates apply and coverage continues up to any age .

Every time he tried to make any kind of serious statement or speech for years thereafter , people came back to the plants .
every time he tried to make any kind of serious statement or speech for years [after that] , people came back to the plants .

Within days of arriving they held a press conference , on the understanding that the press would thereafter leave them alone , and it was the most informal such occasion anyone can remember .
within days of arriving they held a press conference , on the understanding that the press would [after that] leave them alone , and it was the most informal such occasion anyone can remember .

The lesson was learned , and in subsequent years a photocall has been organized for the first day , when the Prince and Princess pose sweetly for the cameras on the understanding that thereafter the media will go home so the two can holiday in peace .
the lesson was learned , and in subsequent years a photocall has been organized for the first day , when the prince and princess pose sweetly for the cameras on the understanding that [after that] the media will go home so the two can holiday in peace .

Thereafter the canal went rapidly into decline .
[after that] the canal went rapidly into decline .

Betjeman always loathed Lewis thereafter , though as they got older they both tried to make a bit of a joke about it .
betjeman always loathed lewis [after that] , though as they got older they both tried to make a bit of a joke about it .

There is also a ‘ no-frills ’ dealing service with a minimum commission of £30 — 1.65 per cent for the first £10,000 , and 0.5 per cent thereafter .
there is also a ‘ no-frills ’ dealing service with a minimum commission of £30 — 1.65 per cent for the first £10,000 , and 0.5 per cent [after that] .

The commission structure is a significant improvement on pre-Big Bang charges at a minimum of £16 and a rate of 1.25 per cent on the first £2,500 of a transaction , falling to 0.75 per cent for the next £2,500 and 0.2 per cent thereafter .
the commission structure is a significant improvement on pre-big bang charges at a minimum of £16 and a rate of 1.25 per cent on the first £2,500 of a transaction , falling to 0.75 per cent for the next £2,500 and 0.2 per cent [after that] .

On top of this there is a charge for every transaction of a minimum £16 , with 1.25 per cent on the first £5,000 , 0.75 per cent on the next £10,000 , and 0.5 per cent applying thereafter subject to an overall maximum charge of £250 .
on top of this there is a charge for every transaction of a minimum £16 , with 1.25 per cent on the first £5,000 , 0.75 per cent on the next £10,000 , and 0.5 per cent applying [after that] subject to an overall maximum charge of £250 .

Thereafter , prune when you see long growths taking the goodness out of the tree ; in late summer cut back all whippy shoots to 4in , then in February or March cut back again to two buds .
[after that] , prune when you see long growths taking the goodness out of the tree ; in late summer cut back all whippy shoots to 4in , then in february or march cut back again to two buds .

Use a string as a guide to accurate shaping at the beginning of the season , thereafter working by eye .
use a string as a guide to accurate shaping at the beginning of the season , [after that] working by eye .

can strap the injured toes together and thereafter avoid kicks which require that the toes be pulled back .
can strap the injured toes together and [after that] avoid kicks which require that the toes be pulled back .

Thereafter 3 sets of 10 repetitions should be used for most exercises in all routines .
[after that] 3 sets of 10 repetitions should be used for most exercises in all routines .

The passage takes off thereafter in ecstatic inventory .
the passage takes off [after that] in ecstatic inventory .

Whoever 's fault it actually was , the French aggressors , perhaps appropriately , were eventually blamed , for syphilis was generally referred to thereafter as the ‘ morbus gallicus ’ .
whoever 's fault it actually was , the french aggressors , perhaps appropriately , were eventually blamed , for syphilis was generally referred to [after that] as the ‘ morbus gallicus ’ .

Tit for Tat begins by cooperating on the first move and thereafter simply copies the previous move of the other player .
tit for tat begins by cooperating on the first move and [after that] simply copies the previous move of the other player .

Thereafter it declined rather gradually , approaching extinction around generation 1,000 .
[after that] it declined rather gradually , approaching extinction around generation 1,000 .

Thereafter the process of breakdown takes place entirely on or just below the surface of the earth .
[after that] the process of breakdown takes place entirely on or just below the surface of the earth .

Thereafter , productivity gradually picks up , as soil life and structure are restored , until it returns to its original permanent status .
[after that] , productivity gradually picks up , as soil life and structure are restored , until it returns to its original permanent status .

Thereafter tourism replaced travel , the masses were unleashed upon the Continent , package-tour operators and entrepreneurs got to work to ensure that everywhere from Zagreb to Zanzibar looked , felt , and smelt exactly the same , and the aeroplane turned Atlantic crossings and transworld flights into the merest commuting , as mechanical and regular and unremarkable as catching the 6.10 from Waterloo to Surbiton .
[after that] tourism replaced travel , the masses were unleashed upon the continent , package-tour operators and entrepreneurs got to work to ensure that everywhere from zagreb to zanzibar looked , felt , and smelt exactly the same , and the aeroplane turned atlantic crossings and transworld flights into the merest commuting , as mechanical and regular and unremarkable as catching the 6.10 from waterloo to surbiton .

Many schools preferred at that time to have two paymasters rather than one , but in 1926 they were obliged to choose : those which thereafter received grants from the Board of Education in London , and not through the Local Education Authority , were reasonably enough known as direct-grant schools .
many schools preferred at that time to have two paymasters rather than one , but in 1926 they were obliged to choose : those which [after that] received grants from the board of education in london , and not through the local education authority , were reasonably enough known as direct-grant schools .

Its history thereafter is even and steady , and part of the familiar national story .
its history [after that] is even and steady , and part of the familiar national story .

Thereafter Saturday matinees on January 13 and 20 .
[after that] saturday matinees on january 13 and 20 .

He made accomplished paintings for some years thereafter , but his recent work , like Souza 's , disappoints .
he made accomplished paintings for some years [after that] , but his recent work , like souza 's , disappoints .

He wrote ‘ Michael Ramsey 's Monthly Message ’ for the Cambridgeshire Liberal Magazine , which thereafter was scattered among the villagers .
he wrote ‘ michael ramsey 's monthly message ’ for the cambridgeshire liberal magazine , which [after that] was scattered among the villagers .

But he formed the opinion , which he never afterwards lost , that the Church must gain its proper freedom from the State in the care for its own way of worship , if necessary by disestablishment , from which he never thereafter shrank .
but he formed the opinion , which he never afterwards lost , that the church must gain its proper freedom from the state in the care for its own way of worship , if necessary by disestablishment , from which he never [after that] shrank .

Always thereafter Ramsey 's attitude was consistent .
always [after that] ramsey 's attitude was consistent .

The astonishing achievements of Western civilisation in controlling and exploring the resources of the world , and the consequent increase in material wealth and standards of living , would not have taken place if the procurement of knowledge for its own sake had not mapped out the paths of which technology and investment for profit thereafter took advantage .
the astonishing achievements of western civilisation in controlling and exploring the resources of the world , and the consequent increase in material wealth and standards of living , would not have taken place if the procurement of knowledge for its own sake had not mapped out the paths of which technology and investment for profit [after that] took advantage .

The Registrar-General 's statistics showed a low point of 11.8 per cent of live births per 1,000 of the population in 1977 , with a slight rise thereafter .
the registrar-general 's statistics showed a low point of 11.8 per cent of live births per 1,000 of the population in 1977 , with a slight rise [after that] .

In the September 1981 party conference it was revealed that Healey had indeed won , by the narrowest of margins , with 50.3 per cent of the popular vote ; the star of Tony Benn began to dim somewhat thereafter , not least because Michael Foot was able subtly to mount a movement of the old ( or ‘ soft ’ ) constitutionally-minded left against the ‘ hard left ’ of the neo-Marxist , unilateralist fringe .
in the september 1981 party conference it was revealed that healey had indeed won , by the narrowest of margins , with 50.3 per cent of the popular vote ; the star of tony benn began to dim somewhat [after that] , not least because michael foot was able subtly to mount a movement of the old ( or ‘ soft ’ ) constitutionally-minded left against the ‘ hard left ’ of the neo-marxist , unilateralist fringe .

Indeed , the efficiency of a denationalized , deregulated British Telecom somewhat declined thereafter , and led to complaints about poor service and rising telephone bills .
indeed , the efficiency of a denationalized , deregulated british telecom somewhat declined [after that] , and led to complaints about poor service and rising telephone bills .

Thereafter Bobby Locke of South Africa and Peter Thomson of Australia dominated the British professional game alongside American entrants for the Open for twenty years after the Second World War .
[after that] bobby locke of south africa and peter thomson of australia dominated the british professional game alongside american entrants for the open for twenty years after the second world war .

Thereafter it declined to pre-Falklands levels .
[after that] it declined to pre-falklands levels .

Thereafter , the growing concern over inflation , steep rises in household rates , growth of public spending , and the activities of left-wing Labour authorities led the Conservatives to search for economy .
[after that] , the growing concern over inflation , steep rises in household rates , growth of public spending , and the activities of left-wing labour authorities led the conservatives to search for economy .

On the other hand , when television coverage of unemployment almost ceased in the third week , public demand for political debate on the issue also dropped slightly , from 66 per cent to 56 per cent , and it remained at this new lower level thereafter .
on the other hand , when television coverage of unemployment almost ceased in the third week , public demand for political debate on the issue also dropped slightly , from 66 per cent to 56 per cent , and it remained at this new lower level [after that] .

Nigel Lawson may have won his prime minister the 1987 election , but it has become ever more clear that he let his boom run on too long and too strong thereafter .
nigel lawson may have won his prime minister the 1987 election , but it has become ever more clear that he let his boom run on too long and too strong [after that] .

They made it clear to all their colleagues who took part in that operation , and to the Press and observers at the briefing , that they will be supporting the community today , tomorrow and thereafter .
they made it clear to all their colleagues who took part in that operation , and to the press and observers at the briefing , that they will be supporting the community today , tomorrow and [after that] .

By 1938 , the District achieved a balanced financial position and thereafter began to accumulate small credit balances .
by 1938 , the district achieved a balanced financial position and [after that] began to accumulate small credit balances .

Thereafter , his leadership of the Nez Perce , reluctantly into war , was magnificent .
[after that] , his leadership of the nez perce , reluctantly into war , was magnificent .

In memory of the ten million , or so , men who died in that war , it became the practice for everyone and everything , to stop still and be silent for two minutes at that hour , on that date every year thereafter .
in memory of the ten million , or so , men who died in that war , it became the practice for everyone and everything , to stop still and be silent for two minutes at that hour , on that date every year [after that] .

thereafter ; in Chiswick a decision was made , in the late summer of 1938 , to dig into the grassed area of Turnham Green , between Christ Church and the War Memorial , in order to provide Air Raid Shelters for public use .
[after that] ; in chiswick a decision was made , in the late summer of 1938 , to dig into the grassed area of turnham green , between christ church and the war memorial , in order to provide air raid shelters for public use .

Thereafter , Forest Tiger felt like a tired horse , Dettori reported .
[after that] , forest tiger felt like a tired horse , dettori reported .

Nigel Briers , the Leicestershire captain , thereafter persevered with his slow bowlers , Peter Hepworth and Laurie Potter , and the remaining two wickets put on 89 runs .
nigel briers , the leicestershire captain , [after that] persevered with his slow bowlers , peter hepworth and laurie potter , and the remaining two wickets put on 89 runs .

Consequently , a real anxiety prevailed about pre-emptive social work action in relation to the accuracy and reliability of evidence obtainable thereafter from the child witness , the alleged perpetrator or any corroborating witnesses .
consequently , a real anxiety prevailed about pre-emptive social work action in relation to the accuracy and reliability of evidence obtainable [after that] from the child witness , the alleged perpetrator or any corroborating witnesses .

For example , from 1973 to 1978 the money supply rose by 306 per cent , while the cost of living rose by 123 per cent ; thereafter , for five or six years the rate of growth of the money supply was less than the rate of increase of prices , especially in 1981 and 1983–5 .
for example , from 1973 to 1978 the money supply rose by 306 per cent , while the cost of living rose by 123 per cent ; [after that] , for five or six years the rate of growth of the money supply was less than the rate of increase of prices , especially in 1981 and 1983–5 .

Thereafter , this ratio increased rapidly , rising to as much as 27 per cent in 1986 .
[after that] , this ratio increased rapidly , rising to as much as 27 per cent in 1986 .

Thereafter it gradually emerged that the firm had been issuing ‘ uncovered bills of exchange ’ to the tune of at least 250 billion dinars , but perhaps as much as 400 billion dinars ( Politika , 20 August 1987 ) .
[after that] it gradually emerged that the firm had been issuing ‘ uncovered bills of exchange ’ to the tune of at least 250 billion dinars , but perhaps as much as 400 billion dinars ( politika , 20 august 1987 ) .

It will be seen that the dollar value of exports more than doubled between 1977 and 1981 , but remained fairly stable thereafter , at least until 1986 .
it will be seen that the dollar value of exports more than doubled between 1977 and 1981 , but remained fairly stable [after that] , at least until 1986 .

By a large majority , the Central Committee decided that Pavlović should be expelled from its Presidency , and immediately thereafter Pavlović also offered his resignation from his post in the Belgrade City Presidency .
by a large majority , the central committee decided that pavlović should be expelled from its presidency , and immediately [after that] pavlović also offered his resignation from his post in the belgrade city presidency .

Thereafter the play received a few critically acclaimed performances in Birmingham but has otherwise been unperformed in this country .
[after that] the play received a few critically acclaimed performances in birmingham but has otherwise been unperformed in this country .

It may be added , of course , that most of those who drink alcohol do not commit offences of violence thereafter .
it may be added , of course , that most of those who drink alcohol do not commit offences of violence [after that] .

Even the new name of Israel is not used for some time ( it reappears in 35.10 and thereafter in Genesis is used interchangeably with Jacob ) .
even the new name of israel is not used for some time ( it reappears in 35.10 and [after that] in genesis is used interchangeably with jacob ) .

Then of an old lady known , because of her big stomach , as ‘ Mrs Jones the Bol ’ , who after an operation for gall-stones boasted so much of their number and size that she was called thereafter ‘ Mrs Jones the Pebbly Beach ’ .
then of an old lady known , because of her big stomach , as ‘ mrs jones the bol ’ , who after an operation for gall-stones boasted so much of their number and size that she was called [after that] ‘ mrs jones the pebbly beach ’ .

Thereafter , it is argued , trade unionism was defeated and the ‘ Trades Union Congress , which did n't have much support before 1926 , had even less support afterwards .
[after that] , it is argued , trade unionism was defeated and the ‘ trades union congress , which did n't have much support before 1926 , had even less support afterwards .

Thereafter , it is argued , trade unionism was defeated and the ‘ Trades Union Congress , which did n't have much support before 1926 , had even less support afterwards .
[after that] , it is argued , trade unionism was defeated and the ‘ trades union congress , which did n't have much support before 1926 , had even less support afterwards .

Thereafter , they believe that the growth of Labour was practically inexorable given the political circumstances of the times — aided by the increase in the electorate from seven to twenty-one million , following the introduction of the 1918 Franchise Act .
[after that] , they believe that the growth of labour was practically inexorable given the political circumstances of the times — aided by the increase in the electorate from seven to twenty-one million , following the introduction of the 1918 franchise act .

Thereafter , the party made steady progress during the late 1930s as it campaigned for a policy of collective security against the threat of European fascism almost , it seemed , in the face of the complacency of Neville Chamberlain 's National government .
[after that] , the party made steady progress during the late 1930s as it campaigned for a policy of collective security against the threat of european fascism almost , it seemed , in the face of the complacency of neville chamberlain 's national government .

Thereafter , the party began to splinter and decline .
[after that] , the party began to splinter and decline .

Thereafter it became the offices of the Czech Chancellery and the Imperial Court Council .
[after that] it became the offices of the czech chancellery and the imperial court council .

Thereafter , the ageing of the post-war baby boom generation becomes apparent , and by 2031 over one fifth of the population is expected to be aged 65+ .
[after that] , the ageing of the post-war baby boom generation becomes apparent , and by 2031 over one fifth of the population is expected to be aged 65+ .

Even with fewer guests than the park is able to cater for ( some 20,000 this week ; 35,000 are expected daily thereafter ) , the most popular rides such as Big Thunder Mountain and Star Tours had waits of an hour or more .
even with fewer guests than the park is able to cater for ( some 20,000 this week ; 35,000 are expected daily [after that] ) , the most popular rides such as big thunder mountain and star tours had waits of an hour or more .

Thereafter he did well to hold the round together , being helped by Palmer 's improvement which included him holing a 75ft putt for a two in a first-round 75 .
[after that] he did well to hold the round together , being helped by palmer 's improvement which included him holing a 75ft putt for a two in a first-round 75 .

By 1972 Walton had 64 stores , with sales of $125 million per annum , and thereafter growth was exponential : by 1991 there were more than 1,700 , with annual sales approaching $44 billion .
by 1972 walton had 64 stores , with sales of $125 million per annum , and [after that] growth was exponential : by 1991 there were more than 1,700 , with annual sales approaching $44 billion .

We might think that ‘ Naxos ’ in Cantos 2 , 24 , and 78 is the place of that name beneath Taormina , the site ( lately and partially excavated ) of the earliest Greek colony in Sicily , and thereafter the port whence the teams from all the Sicilian Greek cities made a ceremonial departure to compete in the Olympic Games ; but the Annotated Index is doubtless right to identify Naxos , on the contrary , with an island in the Aegean .
we might think that ‘ naxos ’ in cantos 2 , 24 , and 78 is the place of that name beneath taormina , the site ( lately and partially excavated ) of the earliest greek colony in sicily , and [after that] the port whence the teams from all the sicilian greek cities made a ceremonial departure to compete in the olympic games ; but the annotated index is doubtless right to identify naxos , on the contrary , with an island in the aegean .

The divergence is important , perhaps crucial , because Pound and Eliot , American expatriates of roughly the same generation , in the London of the second decade of this century made common cause and thereafter — despite ever wider ideological disagreements — remained friends , mutually respectful and mutually supporting , until Eliot 's death in 1965 .
the divergence is important , perhaps crucial , because pound and eliot , american expatriates of roughly the same generation , in the london of the second decade of this century made common cause and [after that] — despite ever wider ideological disagreements — remained friends , mutually respectful and mutually supporting , until eliot 's death in 1965 .

The ‘ tangent … in the hand 's cup ’ has to do with the legend that the shapes of the finest Greek vases were replicated from the contour of the divinely beautiful woman 's breast , as cupped in her lover 's hand and thereafter imprinted on his mind — obviously a powerful emblem of how the impulse to artistic manufacture is erotic .
the ‘ tangent … in the hand 's cup ’ has to do with the legend that the shapes of the finest greek vases were replicated from the contour of the divinely beautiful woman 's breast , as cupped in her lover 's hand and [after that] imprinted on his mind — obviously a powerful emblem of how the impulse to artistic manufacture is erotic .

And so it was not with any special disappointment that Tate envisaged how Eliot 's message , his distinctively American apprehension of Europe , might thereafter be conveyed less in poems than in his conduct of The Criterion , the magazine he had begun to edit in 1923 :
and so it was not with any special disappointment that tate envisaged how eliot 's message , his distinctively american apprehension of europe , might [after that] be conveyed less in poems than in his conduct of the criterion , the magazine he had begun to edit in 1923 :

But these inversions were quite different in purpose and effect from those that Pound had practised indiscriminately in his earliest collections , and thereafter castigated ; these were not poeticisms , but indications that he was addressing a sophisticated urban intelligentsia , that of Great War London , just as propertius had addressed the sophisticates of Augustan Rome .
but these inversions were quite different in purpose and effect from those that pound had practised indiscriminately in his earliest collections , and [after that] castigated ; these were not poeticisms , but indications that he was addressing a sophisticated urban intelligentsia , that of great war london , just as propertius had addressed the sophisticates of augustan rome .

Thereafter we witness Rose being guided by the Fool towards Pagoda-land , where she finds the salamander , then back to the court where her kindness to both the salamander and her persecuted old father is rewarded by the transformation of the Prince to his real shape and his victory over all contenders to win Rose , rescue her father and banish Epine .
[after that] we witness rose being guided by the fool towards pagoda-land , where she finds the salamander , then back to the court where her kindness to both the salamander and her persecuted old father is rewarded by the transformation of the prince to his real shape and his victory over all contenders to win rose , rescue her father and banish epine .

Stephen 's feisty Yorkshire wife Sally ( Jan Francis ) thereafter is harried by the accountant 's heavies , while the accountant ( James Grout ) is being hounded by a second set of heavies on the track of a very expensive painting .
stephen 's feisty yorkshire wife sally ( jan francis ) [after that] is harried by the accountant 's heavies , while the accountant ( james grout ) is being hounded by a second set of heavies on the track of a very expensive painting .

Thereafter , the mill was turned over to grinding corn and animal feedstuffs , the latter accounting for much of the business in the later part of its working life .
[after that] , the mill was turned over to grinding corn and animal feedstuffs , the latter accounting for much of the business in the later part of its working life .

‘ Thereafter , the child would be reared in a carefully controlled environment , constantly observed and monitored .
‘ [after that] , the child would be reared in a carefully controlled environment , constantly observed and monitored .

Thereafter , the zygote — the name given to the resultant collection of cells — can be implanted in the uterus .
[after that] , the zygote — the name given to the resultant collection of cells — can be implanted in the uterus .

Thereafter , Bourke enjoyed the notoriety of his escapades and even wrote a book about them .
[after that] , bourke enjoyed the notoriety of his escapades and even wrote a book about them .

Thereafter things became very confused , particularly with regard to the area known as the ‘ Debatable Land ’ , which both countries claimed .
[after that] things became very confused , particularly with regard to the area known as the ‘ debatable land ’ , which both countries claimed .

The same event takes place after fifteen hours and thereafter at nine-hourly intervals .
the same event takes place after fifteen hours and [after that] at nine-hourly intervals .

Senior officers have an exclusive say for thirty-six hours and thereafter an influential say before magistrates on how long a suspect should be kept in custody .
senior officers have an exclusive say for thirty-six hours and [after that] an influential say before magistrates on how long a suspect should be kept in custody .

Quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .
quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and [after that] had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .

Thereafter he was allowed only six boatloads of brushwood a year , to be taken out under view of the bailiff .
[after that] he was allowed only six boatloads of brushwood a year , to be taken out under view of the bailiff .

Had he never existed , it is probable that the Almoravid Moors , under their fanatical leader Yusuf , would have overrun a far greater area of central Spain — and perhaps prevented the gradual blurring of the two cultures which produced the later kingdoms of Moorish Spain and thereafter the great empire of the sixteenth century .
had he never existed , it is probable that the almoravid moors , under their fanatical leader yusuf , would have overrun a far greater area of central spain — and perhaps prevented the gradual blurring of the two cultures which produced the later kingdoms of moorish spain and [after that] the great empire of the sixteenth century .

Richard had to be satisfied with this response , but he was clearly convinced thereafter that he was destined to overcome Saladin .
richard had to be satisfied with this response , but he was clearly convinced [after that] that he was destined to overcome saladin .

He realised that Maidstone was probably regarded as a local ‘ character ’ , the kind of man who , met once , can be amusing and enjoyable company but thereafter can become a crashing bore .
he realised that maidstone was probably regarded as a local ‘ character ’ , the kind of man who , met once , can be amusing and enjoyable company but [after that] can become a crashing bore .

Thereafter , the latter , which was the more directly threatened by invaders , could no longer call upon the stronger military forces of the former .
[after that] , the latter , which was the more directly threatened by invaders , could no longer call upon the stronger military forces of the former .

Admittedly the vicious cycle of police militarization and public alienation is seen to be kicked into play by the economic crumbling of the inner city , but thereafter the weight of the explanation is placed on inadequate ( or over-heavy ) policing .
admittedly the vicious cycle of police militarization and public alienation is seen to be kicked into play by the economic crumbling of the inner city , but [after that] the weight of the explanation is placed on inadequate ( or over-heavy ) policing .

The Board took the view that it was not in the national interest that such complete information about the whole nation should be in private hands and after a prolonged and bitterly fought legal battle it won — ensuring the perpetual hostility of Readers Digest the world over to any suggestion of data protection thereafter .
the board took the view that it was not in the national interest that such complete information about the whole nation should be in private hands and after a prolonged and bitterly fought legal battle it won — ensuring the perpetual hostility of readers digest the world over to any suggestion of data protection [after that] .

But thereafter , and certainly by the time he is six or seven months old , he will have developed a definite preference for the person who has a particular responsibility for him .
but [after that] , and certainly by the time he is six or seven months old , he will have developed a definite preference for the person who has a particular responsibility for him .

Early in its voyage it was grazed by a torpedo , but thereafter she avoided the attention of the German U-boats , docking at Melbourne Bay on 3 September , where some of the Arandora Star survivors disembarked .
early in its voyage it was grazed by a torpedo , but [after that] she avoided the attention of the german u-boats , docking at melbourne bay on 3 september , where some of the arandora star survivors disembarked .

Thereafter , a limited number of free places at secondary and university level were open to stiff competition .
[after that] , a limited number of free places at secondary and university level were open to stiff competition .

She told the court that she had known eighteen-year-old Beno for three years , that in 1941 he had lost his power of speech when his lodgings suffered a direct hit , and that thereafter he had lived with the fantasy of becoming an air force officer .
she told the court that she had known eighteen-year-old beno for three years , that in 1941 he had lost his power of speech when his lodgings suffered a direct hit , and that [after that] he had lived with the fantasy of becoming an air force officer .

Thereafter they fend for themselves and she is quickly into preparation for her next litter .
[after that] they fend for themselves and she is quickly into preparation for her next litter .

It is not , though , beyond the bounds of possibility they were used to control the large numbers of rats that inhabited the countryside in the Middle Ages and thereafter .
it is not , though , beyond the bounds of possibility they were used to control the large numbers of rats that inhabited the countryside in the middle ages and [after that] .

There is no way you can dig around major roots and there , therefore , is another situation in which you are forced to rely on the rabbits being bolted , recognising that you can not thereafter kill those which remain behind in the system .
there is no way you can dig around major roots and there , therefore , is another situation in which you are forced to rely on the rabbits being bolted , recognising that you can not [after that] kill those which remain behind in the system .

Bulls can match Galloways for weight at 200 days but thereafter they rapidly fall behind , reaching perhaps 325kg at 500 days compared with the Galloway 's 415kg and averaging 270kg at 400 days old .
bulls can match galloways for weight at 200 days but [after that] they rapidly fall behind , reaching perhaps 325kg at 500 days compared with the galloway 's 415kg and averaging 270kg at 400 days old .

In 1763 the state of Jersey placed a ban on all imports of live cattle to the island , Guernsey following suit in 1789 , and thereafter the breeds developed in isolation .
in 1763 the state of jersey placed a ban on all imports of live cattle to the island , guernsey following suit in 1789 , and [after that] the breeds developed in isolation .

Thereafter , you adopt a wholefood diet with a little or no dairy products and no more than one cup of coffee or two cups of tea a day .
[after that] , you adopt a wholefood diet with a little or no dairy products and no more than one cup of coffee or two cups of tea a day .

Thereafter all is decline , with an increasing if unspoken fear of ageing .
[after that] all is decline , with an increasing if unspoken fear of ageing .

And , having disposed of all your enemies , life must thereafter lose its usefulness .
and , having disposed of all your enemies , life must [after that] lose its usefulness .

They 're people whose lives have been shattered by the incest or other sexual abuse that engulfed their childhood and darkened their lives thereafter .
they 're people whose lives have been shattered by the incest or other sexual abuse that engulfed their childhood and darkened their lives [after that] .

Thereafter the time was never judged to be ripe although we were told in oral evidence that , subject to the availability of Ministers , a Defence Committee [ i.e .
[after that] the time was never judged to be ripe although we were told in oral evidence that , subject to the availability of ministers , a defence committee [ i.e .

The last car of the type — 68 — was fitted with coloured lights in 1912 for the royal opening of Princess Parade , and thereafter until 1934 .
the last car of the type — 68 — was fitted with coloured lights in 1912 for the royal opening of princess parade , and [after that] until 1934 .

Thereafter it was used as a running-shed , serving the Promenade , Fleetwood and Marton routes in turn , until in 1945 it became a store for surplus trams .
[after that] it was used as a running-shed , serving the promenade , fleetwood and marton routes in turn , until in 1945 it became a store for surplus trams .

fee based on the value ( calculated at 1 s. in the pound up to 100 and 6 d. thereafter ) on goods distrained by a broker , payable to a sheriff 's officer for his services in court .
fee based on the value ( calculated at 1 s. in the pound up to 100 and 6 d. [after that] ) on goods distrained by a broker , payable to a sheriff 's officer for his services in court .

The French soldiers behaved like the crowd in a conventionally produced play , first with exaggerated expressions of surprise , and thereafter gesticulating and muttering amongst themselves .
the french soldiers behaved like the crowd in a conventionally produced play , first with exaggerated expressions of surprise , and [after that] gesticulating and muttering amongst themselves .

Advice and guidance is provided in setting up the business and thereafter should any problems arise .
advice and guidance is provided in setting up the business and [after that] should any problems arise .

The medical examining committee met at the Crown & Anchor tavern up to 31 July 1809 and thereafter at the Freemasons ' tavern until at least 1821 .
the medical examining committee met at the crown & anchor tavern up to 31 july 1809 and [after that] at the freemasons ' tavern until at least 1821 .

To do this , education has to be seen as a continuing life process linked to social and economic activity at all points and not just as a precursor to employment and a dependent adjunct thereafter .
to do this , education has to be seen as a continuing life process linked to social and economic activity at all points and not just as a precursor to employment and a dependent adjunct [after that] .

d ) The mare dies at foaling or shortly thereafter .
d ) the mare dies at foaling or shortly [after that] .

Parliament passed the bill and thereafter a creditor no longer had the power to detain a debtor already in prison at his pleasure , since the man could at once petition the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors for his discharge on the terms of his whole property , present and future , being given up for distribution among his creditors — and not only in London but to Commissioners who made circuits to hear such petitions in country districts .
parliament passed the bill and [after that] a creditor no longer had the power to detain a debtor already in prison at his pleasure , since the man could at once petition the court for relief of insolvent debtors for his discharge on the terms of his whole property , present and future , being given up for distribution among his creditors — and not only in london but to commissioners who made circuits to hear such petitions in country districts .

Order as few as 20 items and thereafter in multiples of ten .
order as few as 20 items and [after that] in multiples of ten .

Those which happen to come to rest in a non-absorbing direction will absorb no more photons , and will thereafter stay put .
those which happen to come to rest in a non-absorbing direction will absorb no more photons , and will [after that] stay put .

The discovery instead went to a professional astronomer , Konrad Rudnicki , who shortly thereafter found the comet on photographs taken on the large telescope at Palomar Mountain .
the discovery instead went to a professional astronomer , konrad rudnicki , who shortly [after that] found the comet on photographs taken on the large telescope at palomar mountain .

The beginning of life was an ‘ event ’ which produced a living cell and every change involving that cell that occurred thereafter was a further ‘ event ’ in the evolutionary process .
the beginning of life was an ‘ event ’ which produced a living cell and every change involving that cell that occurred [after that] was a further ‘ event ’ in the evolutionary process .

If he is remembered for anything it is probably his opera Mona Lisa first performed in Stuttgart in 1915 , thereafter enjoying some modest success .
if he is remembered for anything it is probably his opera mona lisa first performed in stuttgart in 1915 , [after that] enjoying some modest success .

Miller finds that patterns are almost always well defined at an early age , consist of between 20 and 25 distinct preferred activities , and are thereafter extremely difficult to change .
miller finds that patterns are almost always well defined at an early age , consist of between 20 and 25 distinct preferred activities , and are [after that] extremely difficult to change .

Thereafter the reaction occurs obligingly every time they eat the food — but the response is a psychogenic one .
[after that] the reaction occurs obligingly every time they eat the food — but the response is a psychogenic one .

After a period of training , co-counsellors are paired off , and thereafter act as both counsellor and client to each other .
after a period of training , co-counsellors are paired off , and [after that] act as both counsellor and client to each other .

This usually clears up of its own accord after a few days — thereafter the person has no symptoms but may remain infectious .
this usually clears up of its own accord after a few days — [after that] the person has no symptoms but may remain infectious .

Whilst studying at the College , Frank was instrumental in bringing an unconscious man round , and was henceforth known to his fellow-students as ‘ the doctor ’ , and every day thereafter had some ‘ visits ’ to make .
whilst studying at the college , frank was instrumental in bringing an unconscious man round , and was henceforth known to his fellow-students as ‘ the doctor ’ , and every day [after that] had some ‘ visits ’ to make .

There was none thereafter , and the colony is extinct .
there was none [after that] , and the colony is extinct .

Some always arrive in August and numbers increase steadily thereafter .
some always arrive in august and numbers increase steadily [after that] .

Any advice offered by the Academic Registrar must not be construed as an undertaking by the University that the applicant , if admitted to the course and if his or her academic progress thereafter is satisfactory , will be eligible to complete all parts of the course .
any advice offered by the academic registrar must not be construed as an undertaking by the university that the applicant , if admitted to the course and if his or her academic progress [after that] is satisfactory , will be eligible to complete all parts of the course .

Thereafter students shall enrol annually as required , normally at the commencement of the academic session .
[after that] students shall enrol annually as required , normally at the commencement of the academic session .

Thereafter , we allays made a point of asking the culprit , whenever we wanted to use the bucket for anything from watering the flowers to doing the ironing , ‘ Is this water in here or urine ?
[after that] , we allays made a point of asking the culprit , whenever we wanted to use the bucket for anything from watering the flowers to doing the ironing , ‘ is this water in here or urine ?

Any advice offered by the Academic Registrar must not be construed as an undertaking by the University that the applicant , if admitted to the course and if his or her academic progress thereafter is satisfactory , will be eligible to complete all parts of the course .
any advice offered by the academic registrar must not be construed as an undertaking by the university that the applicant , if admitted to the course and if his or her academic progress [after that] is satisfactory , will be eligible to complete all parts of the course .

The Yorkshire Car Collection will be open from 28 March and thereafter between 10.00am and 5.00pm on the same days as Keighley and Worth Valley Railway is operating , as detailed in this leaflet .
the yorkshire car collection will be open from 28 march and [after that] between 10.00am and 5.00pm on the same days as keighley and worth valley railway is operating , as detailed in this leaflet .

Thereafter , she complied with the arrangement .
[after that] , she complied with the arrangement .

This theme is one which forcefully impressed itself upon Edwardian social politics , and thereafter .
this theme is one which forcefully impressed itself upon edwardian social politics , and [after that] .

Thereafter , a review of the foreign exchange market is required to explain how it operates , including bank involvement and the significance of spot and forward exchange rates .
[after that] , a review of the foreign exchange market is required to explain how it operates , including bank involvement and the significance of spot and forward exchange rates .

But the possible alternate arrangements must be unambiguously specified by the human constructor of the catalog when it is put together , and thereafter it can not , without further human intervention , other than mechanically go through its limited variety of tricks .
but the possible alternate arrangements must be unambiguously specified by the human constructor of the catalog when it is put together , and [after that] it can not , without further human intervention , other than mechanically go through its limited variety of tricks .

West Yorkshire The collections include the records of the British Waterways Board from the year 1652 and thereafter .
west yorkshire the collections include the records of the british waterways board from the year 1652 and [after that] .

Many schemes are funded for three to five years and , although some tapering mechanisms may allow continued but limited funding thereafter , in the long run local authorities may have to bear a larger proportion of total expenditure if schemes are to continue .
many schemes are funded for three to five years and , although some tapering mechanisms may allow continued but limited funding [after that] , in the long run local authorities may have to bear a larger proportion of total expenditure if schemes are to continue .

Figure 9.10 now tells a pretty clear story ; the proportion of people who believed that the economy had deteriorated in the previous year climbed from around 40 per cent at the beginning of 1984 to a peak of 67 per cent in February 1985 , but declined thereafter .
figure 9.10 now tells a pretty clear story ; the proportion of people who believed that the economy had deteriorated in the previous year climbed from around 40 per cent at the beginning of 1984 to a peak of 67 per cent in february 1985 , but declined [after that] .

Promoted thereafter as a source of cheap and clean energy , neither of which has actually been realised some 40 years on , nuclear power is a source of considerable debate in the late 1980s because of its annihilation potential in the case of warfare and the problems that characterise waste disposal from nuclear power plants ( section 5.4.3 ) .
promoted [after that] as a source of cheap and clean energy , neither of which has actually been realised some 40 years on , nuclear power is a source of considerable debate in the late 1980s because of its annihilation potential in the case of warfare and the problems that characterise waste disposal from nuclear power plants ( section 5.4.3 ) .

But those wines give only momentary pleasure and thereafter the senses are dulled and the mind is clouded .
but those wines give only momentary pleasure and [after that] the senses are dulled and the mind is clouded .

Thereafter , the baby is vulnerable to such infections and this is borne in mind when organising immunisation programmes for the child .
[after that] , the baby is vulnerable to such infections and this is borne in mind when organising immunisation programmes for the child .

The various entries are derived from our social interactions , at the time the events occurred and thereafter .
the various entries are derived from our social interactions , at the time the events occurred and [after that] .

The Fourteenth Amendment , which the rebellious states were expected to ratify as the price for reinstating their right to representation in Congress , included a clause disqualifying from public office , in either the states or the federal government , anyone who had taken an oath to uphold the Constitution and thereafter “ engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same. ” 2 This provision could conceivably have rid the South of those who supported the war for Southern independence , but it could not liberate the North from its judges and politicians who were ambivalent about the equality of all citizens .
the fourteenth amendment , which the rebellious states were expected to ratify as the price for reinstating their right to representation in congress , included a clause disqualifying from public office , in either the states or the federal government , anyone who had taken an oath to uphold the constitution and [after that] “ engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same. ” 2 this provision could conceivably have rid the south of those who supported the war for southern independence , but it could not liberate the north from its judges and politicians who were ambivalent about the equality of all citizens .

Johnson was humbled and offered less resistance thereafter to congressional policies , including the enactment of the Fourteenth Amendment .
johnson was humbled and offered less resistance [after that] to congressional policies , including the enactment of the fourteenth amendment .

It would not do to regard the original thirteen as constituting one country superior to a second country constituted by states thereafter recognized .
it would not do to regard the original thirteen as constituting one country superior to a second country constituted by states [after that] recognized .

Thereafter , further mutation , recombination , and selection can bring the adapting population to successively higher peaks in the high-peaked region of the genotype space .
[after that] , further mutation , recombination , and selection can bring the adapting population to successively higher peaks in the high-peaked region of the genotype space .

Thereafter we perform an arbitrary measurement by placing the partition in the box and then locate the gas particle .
[after that] we perform an arbitrary measurement by placing the partition in the box and then locate the gas particle .

Thereafter , I dropped the bucket down the well .
[after that] , i dropped the bucket down the well .

Thereafter quantum-classical pairs of systems that cause decoherence of the quantum system will preferentially accumulate into classicity .
[after that] quantum-classical pairs of systems that cause decoherence of the quantum system will preferentially accumulate into classicity .

Thereafter each sultan , on his accession , visited Eyüp Camii to gird himself ceremonially with the Sword of Osman , the first Ottoman sultan .
[after that] each sultan , on his accession , visited eyüp camii to gird himself ceremonially with the sword of osman , the first ottoman sultan .

Jamaica thereafter became an island of strategic importance for the British , who based a large naval fleet at Fort Charles in Port Royal .
jamaica [after that] became an island of strategic importance for the british , who based a large naval fleet at fort charles in port royal .

Today ’ s Imperial Palace is on the site of Edo castle , where the Tokugawa shogunate ruled Japan for 265 years ; it was thereafter home to the emperors of the modern era .
today ’ s imperial palace is on the site of edo castle , where the tokugawa shogunate ruled japan for 265 years ; it was [after that] home to the emperors of the modern era .

Among the losing candidates was Filippo Brunelleschi , who thereafter devoted himself entirely to architecture .
among the losing candidates was filippo brunelleschi , who [after that] devoted himself entirely to architecture .

He tried thereafter to pay more attention to his Spanish constituency .
he tried [after that] to pay more attention to his spanish constituency .

Thereafter , Chinese settlement was discouraged and did not achieve the commercial dominance it enjoyed on the peninsula .
[after that] , chinese settlement was discouraged and did not achieve the commercial dominance it enjoyed on the peninsula .

The Battle of Midway , in June 1942 — destroying Japan ’ s four aircraft carriers and soon thereafter its merchant navy and remaining naval air-power — cut Japan off from its empire .
the battle of midway , in june 1942 — destroying japan ’ s four aircraft carriers and soon [after that] its merchant navy and remaining naval air-power — cut japan off from its empire .

Thereafter , the Legation Quarter exercised complete control over its own affairs , becoming its own foreign city within the city of Beijing .
[after that] , the legation quarter exercised complete control over its own affairs , becoming its own foreign city within the city of beijing .

She extolled Bermuda to those in her upper-class English circles , and wealthy tourists began to arrive soon thereafter .
she extolled bermuda to those in her upper-class english circles , and wealthy tourists began to arrive soon [after that] .

The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) has estimated that the costs of implementing the new department would be about $ 3 billion over the next five years with an annual estimate of $ 150 million in FY2003 and $ 225 million thereafter .
the congressional budget office ( cbo ) has estimated that the costs of implementing the new department would be about $ 3 billion over the next five years with an annual estimate of $ 150 million in fy2003 and $ 225 million [after that] .

That statement declares that the rule will not result in expenditure to state , local , or tribal governments3 in the aggregate of $ 100 million or more in 3The entities affected are 49 publically owned electric utilities with combined annual expenditures estimated by EPA to be $ 2,065,000 the first year and $ 1,342,000 thereafter .
that statement declares that the rule will not result in expenditure to state , local , or tribal governments3 in the aggregate of $ 100 million or more in 3the entities affected are 49 publically owned electric utilities with combined annual expenditures estimated by epa to be $ 2,065,000 the first year and $ 1,342,000 [after that] .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-41 any year , but that the rule `` may '' result in private sector expenditures of $ 100 million or more annually ( $ 226 million the first year and $ 143 million thereafter ) .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-41 any year , but that the rule `` may '' result in private sector expenditures of $ 100 million or more annually ( $ 226 million the first year and $ 143 million [after that] ) .

For creditable coverage , the CBO estimate is $ 25 million for the first year and $ 100 million per year thereafter .
for creditable coverage , the cbo estimate is $ 25 million for the first year and $ 100 million per year [after that] .

Thereafter , we intend to continue our policy of issuing amendments addressing specific issues as needed .
[after that] , we intend to continue our policy of issuing amendments addressing specific issues as needed .

GAO/OGC-96-14 Numerous comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter , licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .
gao/ogc-96-14 numerous comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and [after that] , licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .

Baseline ( 1 ) A specification or product that has been formallyreviewed and agreed upon that thereafter serves as the basis for further development and that can be changed only through formal change control procedures .
baseline ( 1 ) a specification or product that has been formallyreviewed and agreed upon that [after that] serves as the basis for further development and that can be changed only through formal change control procedures .

Absent meaningful reform , the Social Security trust fund will be exhausted in 2038 , and projected tax revenue would be adequate to pay for only 73 percent of projected benefits thereafter .
absent meaningful reform , the social security trust fund will be exhausted in 2038 , and projected tax revenue would be adequate to pay for only 73 percent of projected benefits [after that] .

Thereafter , receipts remain at 20.2 percent of GAO 's simulated GDP on a NIPA basis , which is the rate that CBO projects for 2010 .
[after that] , receipts remain at 20.2 percent of gao 's simulated gdp on a nipa basis , which is the rate that cbo projects for 2010 .

As soon as practical thereafter , the VP for Programs shall advise the DSPB of the service area configuration recommendation to be forwarded to the LSC President .
as soon as practical [after that] , the vp for programs shall advise the dspb of the service area configuration recommendation to be forwarded to the lsc president .

As soon as practical thereafter , the LSC President will advise the DSPB of the final decision on service area configuration in the affected state or territory .
as soon as practical [after that] , the lsc president will advise the dspb of the final decision on service area configuration in the affected state or territory .

As soon thereafter as is practical , the Vice President for Programs would notify the recipient in writing of the recommendation to the President and the reasons therefore .
as soon [after that] as is practical , the vice president for programs would notify the recipient in writing of the recommendation to the president and the reasons therefore .

As soon thereafter as practical , the LSC President would advise the recipient of the final decision and reasons therefore .
as soon [after that] as practical , the lsc president would advise the recipient of the final decision and reasons therefore .

Moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .
moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year [after that] ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % [after that] , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

Ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year under Section 423 will be allocated based on the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under the Acid Rain Program for 2010 and thereafter and that are held in allowance accounts in the Allowance Tracking System on the date 180 days after enactment .
ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year under section 423 will be allocated based on the amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under the acid rain program for 2010 and [after that] and that are held in allowance accounts in the allowance tracking system on the date 180 days after enactment .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % [after that] , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

The section allows States to continue , and to administer , such a program in their state implement plans under the NOx SIP call for 2008 and thereafter .
the section allows states to continue , and to administer , such a program in their state implement plans under the nox sip call for 2008 and [after that] .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % [after that] , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

A passive lessor , or a person who has an equitable interest through such lessor , whose rental payments are not based , either directly or indirectly , upon the revenues or income from the affected unit shall not be deemed to be a holder of a legal , equitable , leasehold , or contractual interest for the purpose of holding or distributing allowances as provided in this subsection , during either the term of such leasehold or thereafter , unless expressly provided for in the leasehold agreement .
a passive lessor , or a person who has an equitable interest through such lessor , whose rental payments are not based , either directly or indirectly , upon the revenues or income from the affected unit shall not be deemed to be a holder of a legal , equitable , leasehold , or contractual interest for the purpose of holding or distributing allowances as provided in this subsection , during either the term of such leasehold or [after that] , unless expressly provided for in the leasehold agreement .

For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter , the Administrator shall allocate sulfur dioxide allowances under section 424 , and shall conduct auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in Table A .
for affected egus for 2010 and each year [after that] , the administrator shall allocate sulfur dioxide allowances under section 424 , and shall conduct auctions of sulfur dioxide allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in table a .

The regulations shall 32 provide that- 33 ( 1 ) ( A ) Ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year 34 to affected EGUs under section 423 shall be allocated based on the sulfur dioxide allowances that were allocated under subpart 1 for 2010 or thereafter and are held in unit accounts and general accounts in the Allowance Tracking System under section 403 ( c ) .
the regulations shall 32 provide that- 33 ( 1 ) ( a ) ninety-five percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year 34 to affected egus under section 423 shall be allocated based on the sulfur dioxide allowances that were allocated under subpart 1 for 2010 or [after that] and are held in unit accounts and general accounts in the allowance tracking system under section 403 ( c ) .

For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter , the Administrator shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474 , and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in Table A .
for affected egus for 2010 and each year [after that] , the administrator shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474 , and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409 , in the amounts in table a .

The Postal Service and one or more mailers would negotiate a rate and service package which would then ( i ) be submitted to the Commission for a review , and ( ii ) thereafter be available on the same terms to all potential users .
the postal service and one or more mailers would negotiate a rate and service package which would then ( i ) be submitted to the commission for a review , and ( ii ) [after that] be available on the same terms to all potential users .

Shortly thereafter , Hanjour switched to Caldwell Flight Academy in Fairfield , New Jersey , where he rented small aircraft on several occasions during June and July .
shortly [after that] , hanjour switched to caldwell flight academy in fairfield , new jersey , where he rented small aircraft on several occasions during june and july .

Soon thereafter , he instructed officers arriving from outside commands to meet him at the fire safety desk in the North Tower lobby .
soon [after that] , he instructed officers arriving from outside commands to meet him at the fire safety desk in the north tower lobby .

Another ladder company arrived soon thereafter , and began to rescue civilians trapped in an elevator between the first and second floors .
another ladder company arrived soon [after that] , and began to rescue civilians trapped in an elevator between the first and second floors .

Shortly thereafter , a second NYPD ESU team entered the South Tower .
shortly [after that] , a second nypd esu team entered the south tower .

Immediately thereafter , they were joined by three firefighters from an FDNY engine company .
immediately [after that] , they were joined by three firefighters from an fdny engine company .

Thereafter , Hamlan received a visit at the college from a former associate at al Faruq camp , Khalid al Zahrani , who asked why he had not returned to Afghanistan .
[after that] , hamlan received a visit at the college from a former associate at al faruq camp , khalid al zahrani , who asked why he had not returned to afghanistan .

President Carter 's assertive national security advisor , Zbigniew Brzezinski , took charge , and the coordination function remained thereafter in the White House .
president carter 's assertive national security advisor , zbigniew brzezinski , took charge , and the coordination function remained [after that] in the white house .

Thereafter , the capture plan focused on a nighttime raid on Tarnak Farms .
[after that] , the capture plan focused on a nighttime raid on tarnak farms .

A senior Bin Ladin operative from Saudi Arabia was to visit IG counterparts in the US soon thereafter to discuss options-perhaps including an aircraft hijacking .
a senior bin ladin operative from saudi arabia was to visit ig counterparts in the us soon [after that] to discuss options-perhaps including an aircraft hijacking .

Shortly thereafter , President Bush authorized broad new authorities for the CIA .
shortly [after that] , president bush authorized broad new authorities for the cia .

Thereafter , KSM claims , at Bin Ladin 's direction in early 2001 , he sent Britani to the United States to case potential economic and `` Jewish '' targets in New York City .
[after that] , ksm claims , at bin ladin 's direction in early 2001 , he sent britani to the united states to case potential economic and `` jewish '' targets in new york city .

Hazmi arrived in Kuala Lumpur soon thereafter and may even have stayed briefly with Khallad and Abu Bara at Endolite .
hazmi arrived in kuala lumpur soon [after that] and may even have stayed briefly with khallad and abu bara at endolite .

In 1997 , after his asylum application was denied , Binalshibh went home to Yemen but returned to Germany shortly thereafter under his true name , this time registering as a student in Hamburg .
in 1997 , after his asylum application was denied , binalshibh went home to yemen but returned to germany shortly [after that] under his true name , this time registering as a student in hamburg .

Atta returned to Hamburg in late February , and Binalshibh arrived shortly thereafter .
atta returned to hamburg in late february , and binalshibh arrived shortly [after that] .

Shelton felt that the August 1998 attacks had proved a waste of good ordnance and thereafter consistently opposed firing expensive Tomahawk missiles merely at `` jungle gym '' terrorist training infrastructure .
shelton felt that the august 1998 attacks had proved a waste of good ordnance and [after that] consistently opposed firing expensive tomahawk missiles merely at `` jungle gym '' terrorist training infrastructure .

From this and other evidence , we believe the hijacking began at 8:14 or shortly thereafter .
from this and other evidence , we believe the hijacking began at 8:14 or shortly [after that] .

At the same time or shortly thereafter , Atta-the only terrorist on board trained to fly a jet-would have moved to the cockpit from his business-class seat , possibly accompanied by Omari .
at the same time or shortly [after that] , atta-the only terrorist on board trained to fly a jet-would have moved to the cockpit from his business-class seat , possibly accompanied by omari .

Shortly thereafter , the passengers and flight crew began a series of calls from GTE airphones and cellular phones .
shortly [after that] , the passengers and flight crew began a series of calls from gte airphones and cellular phones .

Immediately thereafter it was reported that a plane had hit the Pentagon .
immediately [after that] it was reported that a plane had hit the pentagon .

Soon thereafter , ROCK1 was discovered by Zhou et al .
soon [after that] , rock1 was discovered by zhou et al .

Owing to the high participation of patients on NNRTI-based regimens and concerns about TI and safety in general , patient outcomes and treatment failure were reviewed monthly by the IRB of this study during the first 8 mo of study , quarterly for the following 4 mo , and semi-annually thereafter .
owing to the high participation of patients on nnrti-based regimens and concerns about ti and safety in general , patient outcomes and treatment failure were reviewed monthly by the irb of this study during the first 8 mo of study , quarterly for the following 4 mo , and semi-annually [after that] .

Protection varied with age , increasing from 20 % to 60 % during the first ten years of life , and thereafter returning to 30 % in children more than ten years old .
protection varied with age , increasing from 20 % to 60 % during the first ten years of life , and [after that] returning to 30 % in children more than ten years old .

In two alternative scenarios , the 3 by 5 target of 50 % coverage of those in need of treatment by the end of 2005 is attained , and scale-up continues to reach 80 % ART coverage of those in need by 2010 , maintained at 80 % thereafter .
in two alternative scenarios , the 3 by 5 target of 50 % coverage of those in need of treatment by the end of 2005 is attained , and scale-up continues to reach 80 % art coverage of those in need by 2010 , maintained at 80 % [after that] .

Shortly thereafter , dsRNA was shown to provoke gene silencing in other organisms , including plants ( Waterhouse et al .
shortly [after that] , dsrna was shown to provoke gene silencing in other organisms , including plants ( waterhouse et al .

Incidence peaks between the ages of 9 and 15 mo , and falls in an approximately parallel fashion thereafter , for each of the seven most important serogroups ( which are those included in the seven-valent conjugate vaccine ) and for the remaining serogroups put together .
incidence peaks between the ages of 9 and 15 mo , and falls in an approximately parallel fashion [after that] , for each of the seven most important serogroups ( which are those included in the seven-valent conjugate vaccine ) and for the remaining serogroups put together .

IL-2 was added to a final concentration of 50 units/ml on day 1 and then every 2 d thereafter for 2 wk .
il-2 was added to a final concentration of 50 units/ml on day 1 and then every 2 d [after that] for 2 wk .

Shortly thereafter , the model gained direct and strong experimental support from a structural analysis in which the membrane-proximal helices of the two subunits were found to clasp in a weak “ handshake ” that could be disrupted by talin or constitutively activating mutations ( Vinogradova et al .
shortly [after that] , the model gained direct and strong experimental support from a structural analysis in which the membrane-proximal helices of the two subunits were found to clasp in a weak “ handshake ” that could be disrupted by talin or constitutively activating mutations ( vinogradova et al .

Soon thereafter , several other prominent scientists of the eighteenth century , including Abraham Trembley , Charles Bonnet , Peter Simon Pallas , and Lazzaro Spallanzani , discovered remarkable regenerative abilities in a variety of organisms .
soon [after that] , several other prominent scientists of the eighteenth century , including abraham trembley , charles bonnet , peter simon pallas , and lazzaro spallanzani , discovered remarkable regenerative abilities in a variety of organisms .

The final report was issued in 1985 , and shortly thereafter , Dr. Donald Kennedy , who was then Commissioner of the FDA , supported the adoption of the CBTS recommendations .
the final report was issued in 1985 , and shortly [after that] , dr. donald kennedy , who was then commissioner of the fda , supported the adoption of the cbts recommendations .

Once AEV is achieved , there will be no going back : rejuvenation research will be intense forever thereafter and will anticipate and remedy the life-threatening degenerative changes appearing at newly achieved ages with ever-increasing efficacy and lead time .
once aev is achieved , there will be no going back : rejuvenation research will be intense forever [after that] and will anticipate and remedy the life-threatening degenerative changes appearing at newly achieved ages with ever-increasing efficacy and lead time .

Thereafter , the patient began erlotinib , 150 mg daily .
[after that] , the patient began erlotinib , 150 mg daily .

Journals , he argues , should publish a study only if an updated systematic review is incorporated into the study , or published alongside it or shortly thereafter .
journals , he argues , should publish a study only if an updated systematic review is incorporated into the study , or published alongside it or shortly [after that] .

He was sentenced to 7 years in imprison ( sic ) with hard labor and to indefinite restrictions thereafter .
he was sentenced to 7 years in imprison ( sic ) with hard labor and to indefinite restrictions [after that] .

The LAT says the Russians are giving Grozny 's 5,000 soldiers and 40,000 civilians ( the other papers give slightly varying numbers ) until Saturday to leave Thereafter , those who remain will be declared terrorists , subject to massive shelling and bombing .
the lat says the russians are giving grozny 's 5,000 soldiers and 40,000 civilians ( the other papers give slightly varying numbers ) until saturday to leave [after that] , those who remain will be declared terrorists , subject to massive shelling and bombing .

In the movie as in the book , much of the action thereafter consists of an increasingly intense spiral of couplings among these parties , punctuated by tearing metal and shattering glass and inevitably climaxing in death .
in the movie as in the book , much of the action [after that] consists of an increasingly intense spiral of couplings among these parties , punctuated by tearing metal and shattering glass and inevitably climaxing in death .

The Committee will vote on October 5 or 6 about whether to launch an impeachment inquiry ; if yes , then the House will vote on the measure very shortly thereafter .
the committee will vote on october 5 or 6 about whether to launch an impeachment inquiry ; if yes , then the house will vote on the measure very shortly [after that] .

Edited versions of the taped conversations between Linda Tripp and Monica Lewinsky will also be released sometime thereafter .
edited versions of the taped conversations between linda tripp and monica lewinsky will also be released sometime [after that] .

Thereafter Nothing .
[after that] nothing .

Many military officers have had some training in Florida or Texas for instance , and remain constructive residents of such low- or no-tax states for many years thereafter .
many military officers have had some training in florida or texas for instance , and remain constructive residents of such low- or no-tax states for many years [after that] .

Citing a raft of scholarly studies , I report the consensus that anti-Semitism did not figure centrally in Hitler 's electoral successes in 1930 and thereafter ( ANOT : 31-2 ) .
citing a raft of scholarly studies , i report the consensus that anti-semitism did not figure centrally in hitler 's electoral successes in 1930 and [after that] ( anot : 31-2 ) .

Thereafter he always slept out on his balcony ( and this in the English climate ) rather than in the marriage bed .
[after that] he always slept out on his balcony ( and this in the english climate ) rather than in the marriage bed .

That does not translate as `` thou shalt not lie with interns ( nor lie about it thereafter ) . ''
that does not translate as `` thou shalt not lie with interns ( nor lie about it [after that] ) . ''

For 60 years thereafter , the ballet remained an occasional diversion .
for 60 years [after that] , the ballet remained an occasional diversion .

Thereafter he plays a tin drum in lieu of speaking aloud and , when anyone tries to take it away , screams so shrilly that he shatters glass all around him .
[after that] he plays a tin drum in lieu of speaking aloud and , when anyone tries to take it away , screams so shrilly that he shatters glass all around him .

Thereafter army units quickly took to the streets and overran key government facilities .
[after that] army units quickly took to the streets and overran key government facilities .

I had the same feeling again when I saw Lavender Mist : Number 1 , 1950 at the National Gallery in Washington soon thereafter .
i had the same feeling again when i saw lavender mist : number 1 , 1950 at the national gallery in washington soon [after that] .

She hung it on the wall at the Maine compound , but things got ugly shortly thereafter …
she hung it on the wall at the maine compound , but things got ugly shortly [after that] …

The Armenian kingdom once encompassed much of present-day Turkey , Georgia , and Syria ; its more limited modern boundaries were established as part of the settlement of World War I , which recognized the country as independent ( the Bolsheviks , however , invaded soon thereafter ) .
the armenian kingdom once encompassed much of present-day turkey , georgia , and syria ; its more limited modern boundaries were established as part of the settlement of world war i , which recognized the country as independent ( the bolsheviks , however , invaded soon [after that] ) .

Enlistment begins with the $ 500 purchase of a Gore-Tex jacket and rain pants , and thereafter requires monthly tithes for boots , socks , gloves , goggles , trekking poles , interior-frame backpacks , gas stoves , and a really cool wrist altimeter .
enlistment begins with the $ 500 purchase of a gore-tex jacket and rain pants , and [after that] requires monthly tithes for boots , socks , gloves , goggles , trekking poles , interior-frame backpacks , gas stoves , and a really cool wrist altimeter .

Slate BiasServer TM applies this concept to the magazine world : You 'll register your views just once , and Slate will thereafter recognize your browser and serve up opinion and analysis that reconfirm your prejudices .
slate biasserver tm applies this concept to the magazine world : you 'll register your views just once , and slate will [after that] recognize your browser and serve up opinion and analysis that reconfirm your prejudices .

Shortly thereafter , she slept with my first husband .
shortly [after that] , she slept with my first husband .

Thereafter , the couple set up housekeeping together in an apartment 20 blocks downtown from the Shawn residence on upper Fifth Avenue and stoically endured the sufferings of Shawn 's wife , who did not want a divorce .
[after that] , the couple set up housekeeping together in an apartment 20 blocks downtown from the shawn residence on upper fifth avenue and stoically endured the sufferings of shawn 's wife , who did not want a divorce .

Call it muddled or call it nuanced , but most Americans seem to want to preserve the right to abortion , pretty much unrestricted , in the first three months , and to allow states to limit it sharply thereafter .
call it muddled or call it nuanced , but most americans seem to want to preserve the right to abortion , pretty much unrestricted , in the first three months , and to allow states to limit it sharply [after that] .

Responding to public pressure , the Federal Trade Commission banned cigarette advertising on radio and television in 1970 , and established tough regulations on `` truth in advertising '' shortly thereafter .
responding to public pressure , the federal trade commission banned cigarette advertising on radio and television in 1970 , and established tough regulations on `` truth in advertising '' shortly [after that] .

The Ford Foundation seeded the public-TV idea with $ 300 million worth of grants between 1951 and 1976 in the hope that the feds would completely underwrite it thereafter ( just as cities routinely assume responsibility for museums and libraries once philanthropists found them ) .
the ford foundation seeded the public-tv idea with $ 300 million worth of grants between 1951 and 1976 in the hope that the feds would completely underwrite it [after that] ( just as cities routinely assume responsibility for museums and libraries once philanthropists found them ) .

Shortly thereafter , `` Everything was intertwined , with the complexity of a three-dimensional puzzle -- a puzzle in which truth was not necessarily fact and fact not necessarily truth . ''
shortly [after that] , `` everything was intertwined , with the complexity of a three-dimensional puzzle -- a puzzle in which truth was not necessarily fact and fact not necessarily truth . ''

In 1990 , Milliken supplied crucial seed money to the Economic Strategy Institute , a think tank headed by former Reagan administration official Clyde Prestowitz ; thereafter , he contributed more than 10 percent of ESI 's budget .
in 1990 , milliken supplied crucial seed money to the economic strategy institute , a think tank headed by former reagan administration official clyde prestowitz ; [after that] , he contributed more than 10 percent of esi 's budget .

He entered law school and shortly thereafter ran for Congress when a seat opened up .
he entered law school and shortly [after that] ran for congress when a seat opened up .

Guber and Peters fled to new offices shortly thereafter .
guber and peters fled to new offices shortly [after that] .

Thereafter she never left the fishbowl , and when she says she never enjoyed it , you believe her .
[after that] she never left the fishbowl , and when she says she never enjoyed it , you believe her .

A careful review of the evidence makes clear that there are only three logically possible scenarios : that Jones lied in a most convincing manner , and in stunning , Technicolor detail , to both Blackard and Ballentine , on May 8 , 1991 , and to her sisters soon thereafter ; that all four later conspired with Jones to concoct a monstrous lie ; or that Jones ' allegations are substantially true .
a careful review of the evidence makes clear that there are only three logically possible scenarios : that jones lied in a most convincing manner , and in stunning , technicolor detail , to both blackard and ballentine , on may 8 , 1991 , and to her sisters soon [after that] ; that all four later conspired with jones to concoct a monstrous lie ; or that jones ' allegations are substantially true .

One of the phrases on poor Aquinas ' body is `` Christ in New York , '' which Jericho , coming upon the corpse shortly thereafter , quickly deciphers to mean `` Christine York , '' the name of the mother-to-be .
one of the phrases on poor aquinas ' body is `` christ in new york , '' which jericho , coming upon the corpse shortly [after that] , quickly deciphers to mean `` christine york , '' the name of the mother-to-be .

Thereafter when the allergen enters the body , the immunoglobulins send signals to trigger the release of a set of nasty chemicals , most notably histamines , that destroy it .
[after that] when the allergen enters the body , the immunoglobulins send signals to trigger the release of a set of nasty chemicals , most notably histamines , that destroy it .

When he left the department shortly thereafter to run Bush 's re-election campaign , he turned to the same executives for contributions .
when he left the department shortly [after that] to run bush 's re-election campaign , he turned to the same executives for contributions .

British and Israeli agents independently became aware of his presence shortly thereafter .
british and israeli agents independently became aware of his presence shortly [after that] .

Soon thereafter , Hall found himself a castaway at the mouth of the Ganges , and he chose to remain , first in Calcutta , where he became a journalist and teacher .
soon [after that] , hall found himself a castaway at the mouth of the ganges , and he chose to remain , first in calcutta , where he became a journalist and teacher .

At age 6 , my daughter Margaret was overheard pointing out her favorite constellation to a friend -- “ O'Brien 's Belt. ” She was in a French school in Paris that year , learning to read ; the city was plastered with campaign posters for Tixier-Vignancourt , whom she thereafter referred to as “ Monsieur Ticks-in-Vinegar . ”
at age 6 , my daughter margaret was overheard pointing out her favorite constellation to a friend -- “ o'brien 's belt. ” she was in a french school in paris that year , learning to read ; the city was plastered with campaign posters for tixier-vignancourt , whom she [after that] referred to as “ monsieur ticks-in-vinegar . ”

I wrote to him then and thereafter , giving examples from the Times of reading comprehension impeded by lack of the comma .
i wrote to him then and [after that] , giving examples from the times of reading comprehension impeded by lack of the comma .

This specialty reminds me of a time , some decades ago , when my doctor advised me , indignantly , that he was not a GP : gesturing to a framed certificate hanging on the wall of his office , he told me in no uncertain terms that he was an internist , to which I replied that I should thereafter require only two doctors , an internist and a dermatologist .
this specialty reminds me of a time , some decades ago , when my doctor advised me , indignantly , that he was not a gp : gesturing to a framed certificate hanging on the wall of his office , he told me in no uncertain terms that he was an internist , to which i replied that i should [after that] require only two doctors , an internist and a dermatologist .

Alas , he succumbed shortly thereafter .
alas , he succumbed shortly [after that] .

Thanks to the diligent research of friends and colleagues , we have pushed this back to 1973 with frequent cites thereafter .
thanks to the diligent research of friends and colleagues , we have pushed this back to 1973 with frequent cites [after that] .

Thereafter , I worked closely with the NYAS to gain the participation of linguists and lexicographers in the United States and abroad and to further the purpose of the conference .
[after that] , i worked closely with the nyas to gain the participation of linguists and lexicographers in the united states and abroad and to further the purpose of the conference .

