This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith .
this picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such zendo formulas as : `` o you , demons and other spiritual beings , i now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed [soon after] .

By `` image '' is meant not only a visual presentation , but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined therewith .
by `` image '' is meant not only a visual presentation , but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined [soon after] .

and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the united states , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection [soon after] shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states .

Those now outside the contented majority would rally , or , more precisely , could be rallied , to their own interest and therewith to the larger and safer public interest .
those now outside the contented majority would rally , or , more precisely , could be rallied , to their own interest and [soon after] to the larger and safer public interest .

Section 7 ( 1 ) stated ‘ The provisions of the Act or order by which the land is authorised to be acquired , or of any Act incorporated therewith , shall in relation to the matters dealt with in this Act , have effect subject to this Act , and so far as inconsistent with this Act those provisions shall cease to have or shall not have effect … ’ The Housing Act 1925 , s. 46 provided for the assessment of compensation for land acquired compulsorily under an improvement or reconstruction scheme made under that Act in a manner differing in certain respects from that prescribed by the Act of 1919 .
section 7 ( 1 ) stated ‘ the provisions of the act or order by which the land is authorised to be acquired , or of any act incorporated [soon after] , shall in relation to the matters dealt with in this act , have effect subject to this act , and so far as inconsistent with this act those provisions shall cease to have or shall not have effect … ’ the housing act 1925 , s. 46 provided for the assessment of compensation for land acquired compulsorily under an improvement or reconstruction scheme made under that act in a manner differing in certain respects from that prescribed by the act of 1919 .

Conversion at common law may be committed in so many different ways that any comprehensive definition is probably impossible but the connecting thread running through the cases seems to be that the wrong is committed by a dealing with the goods of a person which constitutes an unjustifiable denial of his rights in them or the assertion of rights inconsistent therewith .
conversion at common law may be committed in so many different ways that any comprehensive definition is probably impossible but the connecting thread running through the cases seems to be that the wrong is committed by a dealing with the goods of a person which constitutes an unjustifiable denial of his rights in them or the assertion of rights inconsistent [soon after] .

( 7 ) Proceedings relating to matters mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , including voting in connection therewith , shall be held in public , but a licensing board may retire to consider its decision in any such matter and the clerk of the board shall accompany the board when it so retires unless the board otherwise directs .
( 7 ) proceedings relating to matters mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , including voting in connection [soon after] , shall be held in public , but a licensing board may retire to consider its decision in any such matter and the clerk of the board shall accompany the board when it so retires unless the board otherwise directs .

( 7 ) On receipt of an application of a kind referred to in subsection ( 6 ) above , and until the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered , the clerk of a licensing board shall make the application , together with the documents lodged therewith , available for inspection by members of the public during normal office hours .
( 7 ) on receipt of an application of a kind referred to in subsection ( 6 ) above , and until the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered , the clerk of a licensing board shall make the application , together with the documents lodged [soon after] , available for inspection by members of the public during normal office hours .

Mr. Tony Favell , supported by Mr. David Harris , presented a Bill to remove from registers of common land and registers of town or village greens dwellinghouses registered under the Commons Registration Act 1965 which had been used as dwellinghouses for a minimum of twenty years immediately prior to the commencement of that Act ; and for purposes connected therewith : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time on Friday 24 February and to be printed .
mr. tony favell , supported by mr. david harris , presented a bill to remove from registers of common land and registers of town or village greens dwellinghouses registered under the commons registration act 1965 which had been used as dwellinghouses for a minimum of twenty years immediately prior to the commencement of that act ; and for purposes connected [soon after] : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time on friday 24 february and to be printed .

The professor shall , for seven weeks in each term , be ready to give instruction in the subject of his chair to such students as shall have been admitted to the laboratory or department under his charge ; and such instruction shall be given in the laboratory or department or in some classroom connected therewith .
the professor shall , for seven weeks in each term , be ready to give instruction in the subject of his chair to such students as shall have been admitted to the laboratory or department under his charge ; and such instruction shall be given in the laboratory or department or in some classroom connected [soon after] .

10.2 The benefit of Condition 10.1 is granted to the Purchaser by the Seller only in the event that the Purchaser shall give the Seller the earliest possible notice in writing of any such claim being made or action threatened or brought against it , shall make no admission of liability or take any other action in connection therewith , shall permit the Seller to have the conduct of the claim pursuant to Condition 10.1 , and shall ( at the Seller 's expense ) give all reasonable information , cooperation and assistance to the Seller ( including without limitation lending its name to proceedings ) in relation to the conduct of the claim .
10.2 the benefit of condition 10.1 is granted to the purchaser by the seller only in the event that the purchaser shall give the seller the earliest possible notice in writing of any such claim being made or action threatened or brought against it , shall make no admission of liability or take any other action in connection [soon after] , shall permit the seller to have the conduct of the claim pursuant to condition 10.1 , and shall ( at the seller 's expense ) give all reasonable information , cooperation and assistance to the seller ( including without limitation lending its name to proceedings ) in relation to the conduct of the claim .

By the Law of Property Act 1925 , s62 , a lease of land with buildings thereon will include all outhouses , cellars , areas , courtyards , sewers , drains , ways , passages and other rights appertaining or reputed to appertain to the property or at the time of the conveyance occupied or enjoyed therewith .
by the law of property act 1925 , s62 , a lease of land with buildings thereon will include all outhouses , cellars , areas , courtyards , sewers , drains , ways , passages and other rights appertaining or reputed to appertain to the property or at the time of the conveyance occupied or enjoyed [soon after] .

On the foregoing conditions the Goldsmiths ' Company will grant to the Corporation a lease of the School Buildings and Land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of Sir Edmond Shaa ; but the Lease and the Endowment Grant shall contain clauses giving the Goldsmiths ' Company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``
on the foregoing conditions the goldsmiths ' company will grant to the corporation a lease of the school buildings and land connected [soon after] free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of sir edmond shaa ; but the lease and the endowment grant shall contain clauses giving the goldsmiths ' company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``

Mr. Tony Benn presented a Bill to provide for the establishment of a Commonwealth of Europe ; and for purposes connected therewith : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time on Friday 17 January and to be printed .
mr. tony benn presented a bill to provide for the establishment of a commonwealth of europe ; and for purposes connected [soon after] : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time on friday 17 january and to be printed .

It was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of God … she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails … and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones … Her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body … This chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible … She bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords … she rubbed herself with nettles … [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of God from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to increase her suffering by this ingenious cruelty … She exposed the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven … she drank gall and rubbed her eyes therewith … in her ardent desire for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the Son of God lived upon earth … she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time … so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places … To keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room … and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her Christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her … [ She constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering … so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .
it was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of god … she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails … and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones … her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body … this chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible … she bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords … she rubbed herself with nettles … [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of god from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to increase her suffering by this ingenious cruelty … she exposed the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven … she drank gall and rubbed her eyes [soon after] … in her ardent desire for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the son of god lived upon earth … she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time … so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places … to keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room … and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her … [ she constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering … so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .

Anyone except persons of British nationality eligible for corporate membership of the Institute may be elected as an Honorary Fellow because of his or her ‘ eminence and interest in architecture and the arts and sciences connected therewith ’ .
anyone except persons of british nationality eligible for corporate membership of the institute may be elected as an honorary fellow because of his or her ‘ eminence and interest in architecture and the arts and sciences connected [soon after] ’ .

And he turned toward the East and knelt and said , Holy Mary Mother , and all Saints , pray to God for me , that he may give me strength to destroy all the Pagans , and to win enough from them to requite my friends therewith , and all those who follow and help me .
and he turned toward the east and knelt and said , holy mary mother , and all saints , pray to god for me , that he may give me strength to destroy all the pagans , and to win enough from them to requite my friends [soon after] , and all those who follow and help me .

Therewith to cleve the Saracens ' bones .
[soon after] to cleve the saracens ' bones .

In … the Highlands … their [ sic ] was no other drink for the soldiers than brandy and spirits ; which rendered them incapable of performing their work , for remedy of which the officers did provide utensills and stores for brewing and did supply them therewith .
in … the highlands … their [ sic ] was no other drink for the soldiers than brandy and spirits ; which rendered them incapable of performing their work , for remedy of which the officers did provide utensills and stores for brewing and did supply them [soon after] .

Despite the overwhelming evidence that the established religions of the world have profoundly failed the human race , there still remains the fact that millions of people , for various reasons , show unswerving allegiance to some faith or other and to the religious leader or leaders associated therewith .
despite the overwhelming evidence that the established religions of the world have profoundly failed the human race , there still remains the fact that millions of people , for various reasons , show unswerving allegiance to some faith or other and to the religious leader or leaders associated [soon after] .

