and I was six days going thither and coming homewards ; ;
and i was six days going [to there] and coming homewards ; ;

But it was already obvious that the horn blast had come from elsewhere entirely — not from the Halfling camp or even from the human regiments of the Empire army , but from the fierce goblin Wolf Riders who were hacking and biting at will as Halflings ran hither and thither in blind panic .
but it was already obvious that the horn blast had come from elsewhere entirely — not from the halfling camp or even from the human regiments of the empire army , but from the fierce goblin wolf riders who were hacking and biting at will as halflings ran hither and [to there] in blind panic .

However , as Thomas Fuller noted , ‘ He never troubled parish , College or Diocese with pressing other ceremonies upon them than such which he found before his coming thither … content with the enjoying without the injoining on others .
however , as thomas fuller noted , ‘ he never troubled parish , college or diocese with pressing other ceremonies upon them than such which he found before his coming [to there] … content with the enjoying without the injoining on others .

He says his gait , too , was like that of a roe , starting hither and thither , not staying , not stopping ; he was brain-sick .
he says his gait , too , was like that of a roe , starting hither and [to there] , not staying , not stopping ; he was brain-sick .

Shouting , Ramsay flung himself thither .
shouting , ramsay flung himself [to there] .

Thither the emissaries now rode , through the Merse , another thirty or so miles .
[to there] the emissaries now rode , through the merse , another thirty or so miles .

He marvelled at the girl 's patience as her charge ran hither and thither , collecting shells and seaweed , splashing in the waves at the water 's edge , letting out little shrieks of excitement and then relapsing into relative quietness when food and drink were produced out of a knapsack .
he marvelled at the girl 's patience as her charge ran hither and [to there] , collecting shells and seaweed , splashing in the waves at the water 's edge , letting out little shrieks of excitement and then relapsing into relative quietness when food and drink were produced out of a knapsack .

The danger is of a breakdown , in the disorientation of excess of information , the compass needle going wild as multiple pulls drag it hither and thither , and then a self-defensive shutting off of information and lapse into irrationalism .
the danger is of a breakdown , in the disorientation of excess of information , the compass needle going wild as multiple pulls drag it hither and [to there] , and then a self-defensive shutting off of information and lapse into irrationalism .

To sift the good from the bad in the daily onset taxes all our wits … no use battling against such a stream ; all the shouting , the crying and the spluttering of all times have not arrested it , nor will they , for rubbish is necessary ... thistledown blown hither and thither by the wind .
to sift the good from the bad in the daily onset taxes all our wits … no use battling against such a stream ; all the shouting , the crying and the spluttering of all times have not arrested it , nor will they , for rubbish is necessary ... thistledown blown hither and [to there] by the wind .

As he rushes hither and thither , his note-books become crammed with an amazing collection of miscellaneous information which is so diverse and uneven that it gives colour to and so in a way explains Robert Lowie 's famous definition of culture as a ‘ thing of shreds and patches ’ .
as he rushes hither and [to there] , his note-books become crammed with an amazing collection of miscellaneous information which is so diverse and uneven that it gives colour to and so in a way explains robert lowie 's famous definition of culture as a ‘ thing of shreds and patches ’ .

Insectile service vehicles crept hither and thither among serpentine feed lines , while filthy drones and animate mechanics crawled over partly dismantled ships .
insectile service vehicles crept hither and [to there] among serpentine feed lines , while filthy drones and animate mechanics crawled over partly dismantled ships .

This led to the line being extended thither , the total length then being 380 versts .
this led to the line being extended [to there] , the total length then being 380 versts .

Travellers , taking the main road from Paris to Madrid , entered Spain through the steep green hills of the Basque Provinces ; returning thither from the burnt highlands of Castile they were ‘ revived by the sight of a rich studied culture , a clean-looking smiling people , good furniture , neat houses , fine woods , good roads and safe bridges ’ .
travellers , taking the main road from paris to madrid , entered spain through the steep green hills of the basque provinces ; returning [to there] from the burnt highlands of castile they were ‘ revived by the sight of a rich studied culture , a clean-looking smiling people , good furniture , neat houses , fine woods , good roads and safe bridges ’ .

By 1800 , societies had been founded in provincial capitals all over Spain and the whole movement was centralized in the Madrid Society , ‘ receiving its impulses from the provinces and reflecting those influences thither strengthened ’ .
by 1800 , societies had been founded in provincial capitals all over spain and the whole movement was centralized in the madrid society , ‘ receiving its impulses from the provinces and reflecting those influences [to there] strengthened ’ .

Northern clergy , especially , endured the billeting of troops : the prior of Tynemouth in 1341 claimed to be utterly impoverished ‘ by the coming thither of magnates and others making stay here ’ .
northern clergy , especially , endured the billeting of troops : the prior of tynemouth in 1341 claimed to be utterly impoverished ‘ by the coming [to there] of magnates and others making stay here ’ .

God finger-flips the blubbery jail hither and thither like a war-game admiral nudging his fleet across maps of the sea .
god finger-flips the blubbery jail hither and [to there] like a war-game admiral nudging his fleet across maps of the sea .

They are shunted from one set of rails to another ; turn-tables spin them round until they can be run upon any particular line ; by means of capstans and ropes the loaded trucks are warped this way or that ; and tank engines push them hither and thither .
they are shunted from one set of rails to another ; turn-tables spin them round until they can be run upon any particular line ; by means of capstans and ropes the loaded trucks are warped this way or that ; and tank engines push them hither and [to there] .

This is how he was described by one of his courtiers , Walter Map : `` Whatever way he goes out he is seized upon by the crowds and pulled hither and thither , pushed whither he would not and yet , surprising to say , he listens to each man with patience , and though assaulted by all with shouts and pullings and rough pushings , does not threaten anyone because of it , nor show any sign of anger ; only , when he is hustled beyond bearing , he silently retreats to some place of quiet . ``
this is how he was described by one of his courtiers , walter map : `` whatever way he goes out he is seized upon by the crowds and pulled hither and [to there] , pushed whither he would not and yet , surprising to say , he listens to each man with patience , and though assaulted by all with shouts and pullings and rough pushings , does not threaten anyone because of it , nor show any sign of anger ; only , when he is hustled beyond bearing , he silently retreats to some place of quiet . ``

None of these projects had been completed He ran hither and thither between the shelves of Eng .
none of these projects had been completed he ran hither and [to there] between the shelves of eng .

Debasement of the coinage led Wriothesley to call the Mint ‘ our holy anchor ’ ; its profits were such that he told Paget to keep its operations secret , ‘ for if it should come out that men 's things coming thither be thus employed , it would make them withdraw and so bring a lack ’ .
debasement of the coinage led wriothesley to call the mint ‘ our holy anchor ’ ; its profits were such that he told paget to keep its operations secret , ‘ for if it should come out that men 's things coming [to there] be thus employed , it would make them withdraw and so bring a lack ’ .

And in Gough 's pithy phrase , William Cross of Bilmarsh and his wife ‘ went dayly to the alehouse , and soone after the cows went thither alsoe ’ .
and in gough 's pithy phrase , william cross of bilmarsh and his wife ‘ went dayly to the alehouse , and soone after the cows went [to there] alsoe ’ .

So the price may be tossed hither and thither like a shuttlecock , as one side or the other gets the better in the ‘ higgling and bargaining ’ of the market .
so the price may be tossed hither and [to there] like a shuttlecock , as one side or the other gets the better in the ‘ higgling and bargaining ’ of the market .

High red serpents swayed up to hang for a lingering minute and fade ; busy green heads with white tails thrashed hither and thither and then dived to death .
high red serpents swayed up to hang for a lingering minute and fade ; busy green heads with white tails thrashed hither and [to there] and then dived to death .

Hither thither crying day and night
hither [to there] crying day and night

True , it would suit her very well just now to be darting hither and thither between Hertford and York .
true , it would suit her very well just now to be darting hither and [to there] between hertford and york .

Some of the people have run to too great lengths in the exporting of corn … Seven or eight hundred tinners went thither , who first offered the cornfactors seventeen shillings for twenty-four gallons of wheat , but being told they should have none , they immediately broke open the cellar doors , and took away all in the place without money or price .
some of the people have run to too great lengths in the exporting of corn … seven or eight hundred tinners went [to there] , who first offered the cornfactors seventeen shillings for twenty-four gallons of wheat , but being told they should have none , they immediately broke open the cellar doors , and took away all in the place without money or price .

The pupils proceeded thither in a procession preceded by the 17th Lancers , each class with a master at its head .
the pupils proceeded [to there] in a procession preceded by the 17th lancers , each class with a master at its head .

His praise may thither fly ;
his praise may [to there] fly ;

They went on holiday to a farmhouse at Ponsworthy in Devon and thither came a vast parcel , from the Clerical and General Tailors ( Breeches Makers etc . )
they went on holiday to a farmhouse at ponsworthy in devon and [to there] came a vast parcel , from the clerical and general tailors ( breeches makers etc . )

There must be an answer ; and my mind started running hither and thither putting forward suggestions , quotations , ideas …
there must be an answer ; and my mind started running hither and [to there] putting forward suggestions , quotations , ideas …

Soon the cat appeared , and enchanted anew by the sight beneath the door of little legs running hither and thither , began expertly to grope .
soon the cat appeared , and enchanted anew by the sight beneath the door of little legs running hither and [to there] , began expertly to grope .

Jubilee day dawned with little puffs of warm air carrying the dandelion clocks hither and thither and turning the leaves on the trees inside out .
jubilee day dawned with little puffs of warm air carrying the dandelion clocks hither and [to there] and turning the leaves on the trees inside out .

He ran hither and thither between the shelves of Eng .
he ran hither and [to there] between the shelves of eng .

Autumn is blown hither and thither by an ever-changing tempestuous wind .
autumn is blown hither and [to there] by an ever-changing tempestuous wind .

Tell me , does the magnetic virtue of the needles of the compasses of all those ships attract them thither ?
tell me , does the magnetic virtue of the needles of the compasses of all those ships attract them [to there] ?

In a frenzy , the ants ( teachers , ‘ management ’ ) rush hither and thither .
in a frenzy , the ants ( teachers , ‘ management ’ ) rush hither and [to there] .

It was possible to get very cheap treasures from Messrs Foyles in the Charing Cross Road , even on a Saturday afternoon , so we went thither .
it was possible to get very cheap treasures from messrs foyles in the charing cross road , even on a saturday afternoon , so we went [to there] .

The specialists tend to live rather quiet , often secretive lives , while the opportunists scamper hither and thither , always on the lookout for a new kind of meal .
the specialists tend to live rather quiet , often secretive lives , while the opportunists scamper hither and [to there] , always on the lookout for a new kind of meal .

At night , at certain seasons , it glowed like fire , sometimes it seemed but the portal of a well-lighted hall ; and one old stone-breaker declared he had heard wonderful music issuing therefrom , the like of which he had never heard before ; while on one occasion he had seen troops of gaily-dressed elfins repairing thither , some on foot and some in carriages , and they all went into this mysterious hall .
at night , at certain seasons , it glowed like fire , sometimes it seemed but the portal of a well-lighted hall ; and one old stone-breaker declared he had heard wonderful music issuing therefrom , the like of which he had never heard before ; while on one occasion he had seen troops of gaily-dressed elfins repairing [to there] , some on foot and some in carriages , and they all went into this mysterious hall .

Panic then . The entire household running hither and thither , gathering belongings ; women screaming …
panic then . the entire household running hither and [to there] , gathering belongings ; women screaming …

Thither to the White House , where Attorney General Kennedy , whose only previous public service had been as lawyer for two Senate committees , earned from journalists the label `` assistant president '' for his ubiquity at the highest levels of executive influence ; while Vice President Johnson , who practically ran the government from his Senate chamber in the 1950s , found himself so insignificant that he was only informed of Cabinet meetings five minutes in advance .
[to there] to the white house , where attorney general kennedy , whose only previous public service had been as lawyer for two senate committees , earned from journalists the label `` assistant president '' for his ubiquity at the highest levels of executive influence ; while vice president johnson , who practically ran the government from his senate chamber in the 1950s , found himself so insignificant that he was only informed of cabinet meetings five minutes in advance .

It was thither that I -- emboldened by my earlier brush with greatness -- hopefully hied myself around midnight one autumn evening in 1978 in order to shake my booty , or possibly my groove thing .
it was [to there] that i -- emboldened by my earlier brush with greatness -- hopefully hied myself around midnight one autumn evening in 1978 in order to shake my booty , or possibly my groove thing .

