These transformations are accomplished by means of stepwise reactions , each of which is mediated by a specific enzyme .
these [changes] are accomplished by means of stepwise reactions , each of which is mediated by a specific enzyme .

The opportunity afforded by a third term in office is thought to have induced a ‘ triumphalist ’ determination to effect even more remarkable and radical transformations in the social order than were brought about since it first took office in 1979 .
the opportunity afforded by a third term in office is thought to have induced a ‘ triumphalist ’ determination to effect even more remarkable and radical [changes] in the social order than were brought about since it first took office in 1979 .

• Transformations
• [changes]

Positive , forward thinking is behind Wright 's plans for the polytechnic , especially in the light of the transformations she foresees in training and education .
positive , forward thinking is behind wright 's plans for the polytechnic , especially in the light of the [changes] she foresees in training and education .

The resulting datasets are amenable to a wide variety of transformations which , in combination with much improved display facilities , should lead to the recognition of additional and subtle features .
the resulting datasets are amenable to a wide variety of [changes] which , in combination with much improved display facilities , should lead to the recognition of additional and subtle features .

All around me , as this was going on , dramatic personal transformations were taking place .
all around me , as this was going on , dramatic personal [changes] were taking place .

‘ We plant cabbages , ’ said Wordsworth in a letter , ‘ and if retirement in its full perfection be as powerful in working transformations as one of Ovid 's gods , you may perhaps suspect that into cabbages we shall be transformed .
‘ we plant cabbages , ’ said wordsworth in a letter , ‘ and if retirement in its full perfection be as powerful in working [changes] as one of ovid 's gods , you may perhaps suspect that into cabbages we shall be transformed .

These major transformations can not be mapped onto the model of a continuous history , for its stress on putative anticipations fails to account for the way in which the whole form of knowledge can be transformed and a new understanding created .
these major [changes] can not be mapped onto the model of a continuous history , for its stress on putative anticipations fails to account for the way in which the whole form of knowledge can be transformed and a new understanding created .

The episteme rather delineates what Foucault calls a ‘ cluster of transformations ’ ; these , he suggests , enable the substitution of ‘ differentiated analyses for the themes of a totalising history :
the episteme rather delineates what foucault calls a ‘ cluster of [changes] ’ ; these , he suggests , enable the substitution of ‘ differentiated analyses for the themes of a totalising history :

Some mythic elements seem to be transformations of this cult practice , for example the episode where the young goddess Britomartis leaps into the sea to escape the clutches of Minos , or the contest at Aptera between Muses and Sirens which ended in the defeat of the Sirens , who then threw themselves into the sea .
some mythic elements seem to be [changes] of this cult practice , for example the episode where the young goddess britomartis leaps into the sea to escape the clutches of minos , or the contest at aptera between muses and sirens which ended in the defeat of the sirens , who then threw themselves into the sea .

We may eventually come to think in terms of a Minoan Universal Spirit , which manifested itself in many different transformations , each with a different name , character , and function , and which yet somehow was regarded as a single deity .
we may eventually come to think in terms of a minoan universal spirit , which manifested itself in many different [changes] , each with a different name , character , and function , and which yet somehow was regarded as a single deity .

It is possible that there was a connection between the idea of bird epiphanies and the sacred tree cult ; birds descending from the heavens as messengers or transformations of deities were seen to alight in trees , which conferred sanctity on the trees as the act suggested that the gods themselves had chosen the trees as their shrines .
it is possible that there was a connection between the idea of bird epiphanies and the sacred tree cult ; birds descending from the heavens as messengers or [changes] of deities were seen to alight in trees , which conferred sanctity on the trees as the act suggested that the gods themselves had chosen the trees as their shrines .

The Minoans gave their gods , goddesses and spirits names , areas of responsibility and probably personalities and personal histories , and yet — to judge from the iconography — the deities were capable of endless overlapping transformations .
the minoans gave their gods , goddesses and spirits names , areas of responsibility and probably personalities and personal histories , and yet — to judge from the iconography — the deities were capable of endless overlapping [changes] .

The representation is , of course , implicit and we would not expect any child to be able to state explicitly the phrase structure rules and transformations generating the sentences of his language .
the representation is , of course , implicit and we would not expect any child to be able to state explicitly the phrase structure rules and [changes] generating the sentences of his language .

Transformations that have to do with embedding one sentence into another ( such as subordinate clause or relative clause formation ) are only acquired between the ages of six and twelve .
[changes] that have to do with embedding one sentence into another ( such as subordinate clause or relative clause formation ) are only acquired between the ages of six and twelve .

This principle states that transformations apply cyclically , and that later transformations , in tinkering with the transforms already produced , deal with them as completed units undergoing at most peripheral changes in this later re-arrangement .
this principle states that [changes] apply cyclically , and that later [changes] , in tinkering with the transforms already produced , deal with them as completed units undergoing at most peripheral changes in this later re-arrangement .

That is , later transformations tend not to interfere with or undo the effects of earlier ones in the generation of a surface from a deep structure .
that is , later [changes] tend not to interfere with or undo the effects of earlier ones in the generation of a surface from a deep structure .

Importantly , there are no transformations capable of wholesale disfiguration of the by-products of any stage of the generative process .
importantly , there are no [changes] capable of wholesale disfiguration of the by-products of any stage of the generative process .

The answers to these questions are discovered from the diagram ( given certain simple diagrammatic transformations carried out by the system , which are structurally analogous to changes that would happen in the real world ) , rather than being computed in terms of abstract mathematical equations and specific numerical values .
the answers to these questions are discovered from the diagram ( given certain simple diagrammatic [changes] carried out by the system , which are structurally analogous to changes that would happen in the real world ) , rather than being computed in terms of abstract mathematical equations and specific numerical values .

For a few brief moments Carnelian 's face might have been that of a Polymorphine shape-shifter viewed at fast-forward speed passing through absurdly accelerated transformations .
for a few brief moments carnelian 's face might have been that of a polymorphine shape-shifter viewed at fast-forward speed passing through absurdly accelerated [changes] .

In fact such transformations are rare precisely because , if more than lip-service is to be paid to them , the practical implications are considerable ; which is not to deny that lip-service , in the form of campaigning and complaining , has its uses .
in fact such [changes] are rare precisely because , if more than lip-service is to be paid to them , the practical implications are considerable ; which is not to deny that lip-service , in the form of campaigning and complaining , has its uses .

Award winning Gary Hooker of Saks specialises in beautiful wedding day transformations .
award winning gary hooker of saks specialises in beautiful wedding day [changes] .

This collection of two styles from one show day-to-evening-wear transformations .
this collection of two styles from one show day-to-evening-wear [changes] .

From the autumn of 1916 the politics of the war underwent a series of rapid transformations .
from the autumn of 1916 the politics of the war underwent a series of rapid [changes] .

This method is highly effective in detecting transformations while still in their latent stage ; that is , before they become clinically observable .
this method is highly effective in detecting [changes] while still in their latent stage ; that is , before they become clinically observable .

Detachment of a situation from its anticipated consequences allows many such mysterious transformations of anguish into joy in memory , imagination or the arts .
detachment of a situation from its anticipated consequences allows many such mysterious [changes] of anguish into joy in memory , imagination or the arts .

In these cases the fossils show that these features have developed through an ordered series of transformations leading to conditions in the jawed vertebrates .
in these cases the fossils show that these features have developed through an ordered series of [changes] leading to conditions in the jawed vertebrates .

Multiple energy transformations can markedly improve the reconstructed images the filter concept in holographic transforms has also been addressed .
multiple energy [changes] can markedly improve the reconstructed images the filter concept in holographic transforms has also been addressed .

Multiple energy transformations can also suppress the first , the second and the twin terms in equation ( 6 ) , which can be explained in the same way .
multiple energy [changes] can also suppress the first , the second and the twin terms in equation ( 6 ) , which can be explained in the same way .

Finally , he argues , none of the changes went unchallenged , and the transformations in regulation and domination that occurred in the period themselves resulted in new forms of resistance and , in particular , in the women 's and gay movements of the 1970s and 1980s .
finally , he argues , none of the changes went unchallenged , and the [changes] in regulation and domination that occurred in the period themselves resulted in new forms of resistance and , in particular , in the women 's and gay movements of the 1970s and 1980s .

They all arose , or at least underwent significant transformations , in the period generally described as the ‘ permissive age ’ .
they all arose , or at least underwent significant [changes] , in the period generally described as the ‘ permissive age ’ .

Superimposed colours , transparency and opacity , signs of rust where moisture has seeped into the cloth stretched over the frame : for the last ten years Michel Mouffe 's work has created its own history through the layered transformations taking place within the canvas .
superimposed colours , transparency and opacity , signs of rust where moisture has seeped into the cloth stretched over the frame : for the last ten years michel mouffe 's work has created its own history through the layered [changes] taking place within the canvas .

From his exegeses of Joseph-Marie Vien 's ‘ Selling of Cupids ’ ( in Transformations in Late Eighteenth Century Art ) , through to his anatomies of Cubism , Northern Romanticism , Picabia , Warhol and The Dog in Art , Rosenblum has seen and said it all .
from his exegeses of joseph-marie vien 's ‘ selling of cupids ’ ( in [changes] in late eighteenth century art ) , through to his anatomies of cubism , northern romanticism , picabia , warhol and the dog in art , rosenblum has seen and said it all .

However , lessons have been learnt since the earlier transformations .
however , lessons have been learnt since the earlier [changes] .

These transformations of legal systems do not necessarily represent an insidious increase in the growth of a hidden power elite , although radical authors expect this result .
these [changes] of legal systems do not necessarily represent an insidious increase in the growth of a hidden power elite , although radical authors expect this result .

As God progressively overcomes the evil in the world , so he grows into a perfect , complex being , an unfolding of God 's real essence charted in successive transformations of human cultures .
as god progressively overcomes the evil in the world , so he grows into a perfect , complex being , an unfolding of god 's real essence charted in successive [changes] of human cultures .

Marx and Engels transformed Hegel 's dialectic into the doctrine of historical materialism , according to which human societies move violently through successive transformations to higher levels of production and technology because of irreconcilable social conflicts which mature ‘ in the womb of the old society ’ .
marx and engels transformed hegel 's dialectic into the doctrine of historical materialism , according to which human societies move violently through successive [changes] to higher levels of production and technology because of irreconcilable social conflicts which mature ‘ in the womb of the old society ’ .

Structuralists try to understand change and development as the product of ‘ systems of transformations ’ operating along predetermined lines , and themselves changing along lines predictable from a knowledge of the initial configuration of the system ( Piaget , 1971 ) .
structuralists try to understand change and development as the product of ‘ systems of [changes] ’ operating along predetermined lines , and themselves changing along lines predictable from a knowledge of the initial configuration of the system ( piaget , 1971 ) .

The resulting ‘ structures ’ which can be discerned ( at least by structuralists ) dis-associate and re-form in exciting new transformations with kaleidoscopic ease .
the resulting ‘ structures ’ which can be discerned ( at least by structuralists ) dis-associate and re-form in exciting new [changes] with kaleidoscopic ease .

In this , the graviton , the spin-2 particle that carries the gravitational interaction , is related to a number of other fields of lower spin by so-called supersymmetry transformations .
in this , the graviton , the spin-2 particle that carries the gravitational interaction , is related to a number of other fields of lower spin by so-called supersymmetry [changes] .

Gorbachev did call for ‘ further changes and transformations ’ and for the establishment of a ‘ qualitatively new state of society , in the broadest sense of the word ’ .
gorbachev did call for ‘ further changes and [changes] ’ and for the establishment of a ‘ qualitatively new state of society , in the broadest sense of the word ’ .

Consider , for example , the criticisms of transformations by Bresnan ( 1982 ) as a means of handling the active/passive relationship and her alternative proposals ; on the other hand , Gazdar and his colleagues ( 1985 ) have proposed a completely different framework for handling these relationships .
consider , for example , the criticisms of [changes] by bresnan ( 1982 ) as a means of handling the active/passive relationship and her alternative proposals ; on the other hand , gazdar and his colleagues ( 1985 ) have proposed a completely different framework for handling these relationships .

There is also much evidence of various ideological representations and transformations of earlier oral social forms , as in songs , ballads , tales and confessions .
there is also much evidence of various ideological representations and [changes] of earlier oral social forms , as in songs , ballads , tales and confessions .

In order to give a rounded picture of the changes confronting the farm worker today , we must not only consider the transformations in work and technology and the equally manifest , if less discontinuous , factors underlying his level of pay and conditions .
in order to give a rounded picture of the changes confronting the farm worker today , we must not only consider the [changes] in work and technology and the equally manifest , if less discontinuous , factors underlying his level of pay and conditions .

We will be able to redefine our impairments away from flaws by making culture and art which shows the process of our transformations .
we will be able to redefine our impairments away from flaws by making culture and art which shows the process of our [changes] .

In other words , it was characterized by the semi-automatic assembly line , organizing work into a straightforward linear flow of transformations applied to raw materials .
in other words , it was characterized by the semi-automatic assembly line , organizing work into a straightforward linear flow of [changes] applied to raw materials .

The typical social representation is said to have originated from an abstract , technical concept : ‘ Social representations generally come into being during transformations of this kind , whether by an intervention of the mass media or by the act of individuals ’ ( Moscovici , 1984 : 964 ) .
the typical social representation is said to have originated from an abstract , technical concept : ‘ social representations generally come into being during [changes] of this kind , whether by an intervention of the mass media or by the act of individuals ’ ( moscovici , 1984 : 964 ) .

What this does suggest , at a very superficial reading , is that the transformations from science have not swept all before them , but they themselves may have been captured , and made familiar and thereby totally unscientific in content , by much older symbolic systems .
what this does suggest , at a very superficial reading , is that the [changes] from science have not swept all before them , but they themselves may have been captured , and made familiar and thereby totally unscientific in content , by much older symbolic systems .

What Simmel accomplishes is a realization of the inseparability of the positive and negative consequences of these social transformations .
what simmel accomplishes is a realization of the inseparability of the positive and negative consequences of these social [changes] .

Structuralism may be employed to excavate the principles of classification and order which unite what on the surface appear as highly disparate domains , so that for a particular society food preparation , kinship and myth may be revealed as transformations of each other .
structuralism may be employed to excavate the principles of classification and order which unite what on the surface appear as highly disparate domains , so that for a particular society food preparation , kinship and myth may be revealed as [changes] of each other .

As excavated by structuralism , the underlying order found , for example , in house layout , exchange relations or morality , may be reducible to certain basic patterns or transformations .
as excavated by structuralism , the underlying order found , for example , in house layout , exchange relations or morality , may be reducible to certain basic patterns or [changes] .

In such an analysis , the transformations of the cultural forms become almost independent of their social vehicles , as societies themselves are understood as merely variants upon a deeper structural order .
in such an analysis , the [changes] of the cultural forms become almost independent of their social vehicles , as societies themselves are understood as merely variants upon a deeper structural order .

Behind the industrial revolution were a series of major historical transformations , including the abandonment of popular culture by the European elites after 1500 such that the concept of culture itself became more closely related to hierarchy , but was combined with a growth in literacy and other resources by means of which lower status groups might also gain access to the new high culture ( see Burke 1978 : 270 and Mukerji 1983 for pre-1800 ; Williams 1961 for post-1800 ) .
behind the industrial revolution were a series of major historical [changes] , including the abandonment of popular culture by the european elites after 1500 such that the concept of culture itself became more closely related to hierarchy , but was combined with a growth in literacy and other resources by means of which lower status groups might also gain access to the new high culture ( see burke 1978 : 270 and mukerji 1983 for pre-1800 ; williams 1961 for post-1800 ) .

Once again , it is striking that these transformations , which include the development of many of the forms of marketing , design and distribution characteristic of mass production , occurred before the rise of machinery in this industry .
once again , it is striking that these [changes] , which include the development of many of the forms of marketing , design and distribution characteristic of mass production , occurred before the rise of machinery in this industry .

The second example of how the historical transformations underpinning modern society may be examined from unconventional perspectives which emphasize consumption as well as production comes from a series of studies in American historical archaeology .
the second example of how the historical [changes] underpinning modern society may be examined from unconventional perspectives which emphasize consumption as well as production comes from a series of studies in american historical archaeology .

Whatever the particular context of such changes , these studies demonstrate that a set of transformations in material culture which may be found to permeate almost every trivial domain , from chimneys to rubbish disposal , can be understood as a largely unconscious and unintentional response by a variety of social groups , which produced new forms of demand and new means of incorporating the emergence of mass produced items .
whatever the particular context of such changes , these studies demonstrate that a set of [changes] in material culture which may be found to permeate almost every trivial domain , from chimneys to rubbish disposal , can be understood as a largely unconscious and unintentional response by a variety of social groups , which produced new forms of demand and new means of incorporating the emergence of mass produced items .

Some of these are further extended in the detached bungalow analysed by King ( 1984 ) , as part of an opposition to elements of modernity and urbanization which constitute the major transformations of the environment over the last two centuries .
some of these are further extended in the detached bungalow analysed by king ( 1984 ) , as part of an opposition to elements of modernity and urbanization which constitute the major [changes] of the environment over the last two centuries .

This practice is saved from its apparent idealist overtones by its claimed congruence with inevitable historical transformations whose roots lie elsewhere .
this practice is saved from its apparent idealist overtones by its claimed congruence with inevitable historical [changes] whose roots lie elsewhere .

This argument was refined by Lukács ' ( 1971 ) suggestion that only certain historical transformations could bring the proletariat to realize their true interests and thereby allow them to commence revolutionary action .
this argument was refined by lukács ' ( 1971 ) suggestion that only certain historical [changes] could bring the proletariat to realize their true interests and thereby allow them to commence revolutionary action .

Find the equipotentials and lines of force represented by the following conformal transformations .
find the equipotentials and lines of force represented by the following conformal [changes] .

The verbal system may operate at either a semantic or acoustic level and the non-verbal system according to the kind of transformations ( such as inversion , rotation , size reduction ) that can be performed on visual images .
the verbal system may operate at either a semantic or acoustic level and the non-verbal system according to the kind of [changes] ( such as inversion , rotation , size reduction ) that can be performed on visual images .

Within the sectors there is always a keeping to the fore the awareness that long-lasting solutions to the country 's health problems rest on the economic , political and cultural transformations of people 's day to day lives .
within the sectors there is always a keeping to the fore the awareness that long-lasting solutions to the country 's health problems rest on the economic , political and cultural [changes] of people 's day to day lives .

It is the ground on which the transformations are worked ' ( Hall 1981 : 228 ) .
it is the ground on which the [changes] are worked ' ( hall 1981 : 228 ) .

But it is hard to see how the wider transformations we seek can be established except on the foundations that community mental health services could provide .
but it is hard to see how the wider [changes] we seek can be established except on the foundations that community mental health services could provide .

Because all our transformations are provably correct , the resulting chip design is guaranteed to be a correct implementation of the original specification .
because all our [changes] are provably correct , the resulting chip design is guaranteed to be a correct implementation of the original specification .

Some very stylish fabrics emanated from these experiences , as well as two books recounting the transformations .
some very stylish fabrics emanated from these experiences , as well as two books recounting the [changes] .

Pictorial discoveries and transformations succeeded each other rapidly .
pictorial discoveries and [changes] succeeded each other rapidly .

The nature and prevalence of soccer spectator disorder has undergone a number of historical transformations .
the nature and prevalence of soccer spectator disorder has undergone a number of historical [changes] .

Genette distinguishes parody from other forms of ‘ hypertextuality ’ as that ludic mode which effects punctual and systematic transformations of specific texts while retaining the noble style of the original ( 1982:33–5 ) .
genette distinguishes parody from other forms of ‘ hypertextuality ’ as that ludic mode which effects punctual and systematic [changes] of specific texts while retaining the noble style of the original ( 1982:33–5 ) .

Simon worked for discreet administrative transformations within government , avoiding until late in his career clashes with ministers over contentious issues of policy and principle .
simon worked for discreet administrative [changes] within government , avoiding until late in his career clashes with ministers over contentious issues of policy and principle .

It was facilitated by the transformations within the administrative process itself .
it was facilitated by the [changes] within the administrative process itself .

The state was not the originator of all these transformations but it was implicated in them in quite new ways .
the state was not the originator of all these [changes] but it was implicated in them in quite new ways .

Major transformations within medical discourse provided the theoretical conditions for this perceived advance .
major [changes] within medical discourse provided the theoretical conditions for this perceived advance .

The swing back to scientific explanations and solutions and the re-entry of the expert into the state apparatuses , needs to be understood both in terms of the internal transformations within scientific knowledge and in the light of these broader economic and political developments .
the swing back to scientific explanations and solutions and the re-entry of the expert into the state apparatuses , needs to be understood both in terms of the internal [changes] within scientific knowledge and in the light of these broader economic and political developments .

They should understand the operation of some major transformations , and be able to interpret , and to produce , the diagrammatic forms ( both tree diagrams and brackets ) by which the deep and surface structures of sentences are conventionally represented .
they should understand the operation of some major [changes] , and be able to interpret , and to produce , the diagrammatic forms ( both tree diagrams and brackets ) by which the deep and surface structures of sentences are conventionally represented .

Darwin 's rejection of geographical isolation encouraged his opponents to postulate sudden transformations or saltations to explain how distinct new species were formed .
darwin 's rejection of geographical isolation encouraged his opponents to postulate sudden [changes] or saltations to explain how distinct new species were formed .

All users will be able to enjoy the blend tool , instant transformations from one shape to another will start to invade all sorts of artwork before very long !
all users will be able to enjoy the blend tool , instant [changes] from one shape to another will start to invade all sorts of artwork before very long !

Geomorphology will achieve its fullest development only when the forms and processes are related in terms of dynamic systems and the transformations of mass and energy are considered as functions of time .
geomorphology will achieve its fullest development only when the forms and processes are related in terms of dynamic systems and the [changes] of mass and energy are considered as functions of time .

Here is Dr Johnson 's 1784 rendering of the first strophe of `` Diffugere nives `` ( incidentally his only translation from Horace — he evidently found Juvenal more to his creative purpose ) : And here , 110 years later , is William Ewart Gladstone , at leisure from Prime Ministerial cares and the alternative recreation of tree-felling on his Hawarden estate : But here again , almost a century on , is an American poet and scholar , Burton Raffel : What has happened to Horace 's text in the course of these centennial transformations ?
here is dr johnson 's 1784 rendering of the first strophe of `` diffugere nives `` ( incidentally his only translation from horace — he evidently found juvenal more to his creative purpose ) : and here , 110 years later , is william ewart gladstone , at leisure from prime ministerial cares and the alternative recreation of tree-felling on his hawarden estate : but here again , almost a century on , is an american poet and scholar , burton raffel : what has happened to horace 's text in the course of these centennial [changes] ?

Phase changes provide a possible mechanism which could account for subsidence as well as uplift , depending on whether the crystalline transformations involved give rise to more , or less , compact mineral structures .
phase changes provide a possible mechanism which could account for subsidence as well as uplift , depending on whether the crystalline [changes] involved give rise to more , or less , compact mineral structures .

The answer , Darwin 's answer , is by gradual , step-by-step transformations from simple beginnings , from primordial entities sufficiently simple to have come into existence by chance .
the answer , darwin 's answer , is by gradual , step-by-step [changes] from simple beginnings , from primordial entities sufficiently simple to have come into existence by chance .

With a couple of exceptions , the separate numbers ' are actually inseparable from their context while , on the other hand , Britten does use Wagnerian leitmotifs as part of a rather more generalised system of motivic transformations .
with a couple of exceptions , the separate numbers ' are actually inseparable from their context while , on the other hand , britten does use wagnerian leitmotifs as part of a rather more generalised system of motivic [changes] .

And the purpose of these transformations , it transpires , is to mediate between the necessity for the plot and characters to develop , and a purely musical need for form in the classical sense .
and the purpose of these [changes] , it transpires , is to mediate between the necessity for the plot and characters to develop , and a purely musical need for form in the classical sense .

Stoneman examines the transformations in Monty Python , films by William Wyler and Luis Bunuel , a play by Davison , and Urquhart 's novel , Changing Heaven .
stoneman examines the [changes] in monty python , films by william wyler and luis bunuel , a play by davison , and urquhart 's novel , changing heaven .

Skilfully thought out , this writer says , such transformations can be effected without anybody noticing .
skilfully thought out , this writer says , such [changes] can be effected without anybody noticing .

The differences between them and their mainland cousins were only small , but if such changes had taken place , was it not possible that over many millions of years , the cumulative effects on a dynasty of animals could be so great that they could bring about major transformations ? Maybe fish had developed muscular fins and crawled on to land to become amphibians ; maybe amphibians in their turn had developed water-tight skins and become reptiles ; maybe , even , some ape-like creatures had stood upright and become the ancestors of man .
the differences between them and their mainland cousins were only small , but if such changes had taken place , was it not possible that over many millions of years , the cumulative effects on a dynasty of animals could be so great that they could bring about major [changes] ? maybe fish had developed muscular fins and crawled on to land to become amphibians ; maybe amphibians in their turn had developed water-tight skins and become reptiles ; maybe , even , some ape-like creatures had stood upright and become the ancestors of man .

Now comes the first of two highly dramatic transformations .
now comes the first of two highly dramatic [changes] .

In standard reported speech , the words of the speaker typically undergo certain rule-governed transformations affecting pronouns and verb tenses .
in standard reported speech , the words of the speaker typically undergo certain rule-governed [changes] affecting pronouns and verb tenses .

Predictably , the terse prose of Hemingway is found to lack the transformational complexities typical of Faulkner : which is not to say that Hemingway is innocent of transformations , only that he tends to use transformations of a different kind .
predictably , the terse prose of hemingway is found to lack the transformational complexities typical of faulkner : which is not to say that hemingway is innocent of [changes] , only that he tends to use [changes] of a different kind .

The assumption that transformations represent paraphrase relations has been undermined , for example , by consideration of cases in which the passive and deletion transformations illustrated in [ 4 ] and [ 7 ] do not preserve the same `` logical content `` : Many arrows did not hit the target The target was not hit by many arrows .
the assumption that [changes] represent paraphrase relations has been undermined , for example , by consideration of cases in which the passive and deletion [changes] illustrated in [ 4 ] and [ 7 ] do not preserve the same `` logical content `` : many arrows did not hit the target the target was not hit by many arrows .

Such cases have led linguists to argue that transformations have a more complex interrelation with meaning than was assumed by Ohmann .
such cases have led linguists to argue that [changes] have a more complex interrelation with meaning than was assumed by ohmann .

Nevertheless , the degree to which a writer complicates his style by applying syntactic transformations might be one linguistic measure of markedness ; we shall consider another such measure in the next section .
nevertheless , the degree to which a writer complicates his style by applying syntactic [changes] might be one linguistic measure of markedness ; we shall consider another such measure in the next section .

The period saw transformations ( mooted from the 1850s ) of modes of professional academic Organization and administration , teaching , research , and publication .
the period saw [changes] ( mooted from the 1850s ) of modes of professional academic organization and administration , teaching , research , and publication .

In general such transformations involved secularization as much as professionalization and operated not only inwards towards the academy but also outwards towards a new constituency : the nation as a whole .
in general such [changes] involved secularization as much as professionalization and operated not only inwards towards the academy but also outwards towards a new constituency : the nation as a whole .

The important point , though , is that the discourse touches many of the lines of force active within the discipline at that moment , and — despite subsequent transformations of the relationships between English , education , culture , and democracy — still active in the 1980s .
the important point , though , is that the discourse touches many of the lines of force active within the discipline at that moment , and — despite subsequent [changes] of the relationships between english , education , culture , and democracy — still active in the 1980s .

Tony Davies positions the move towards informal modes of interaction within larger institutional transformations .
tony davies positions the move towards informal modes of interaction within larger institutional [changes] .

Nevertheless , this roughly delineated period did see major transformations in the role of sexuality , and the book , as a whole , traces some of the major shifts in this process .
nevertheless , this roughly delineated period did see major [changes] in the role of sexuality , and the book , as a whole , traces some of the major shifts in this process .

This in turn demands an exploration of a variety of forces that have shaped and constructed ‘ modern sexuality ’ , and these range from the familial and extra-familial forces that shape sexual and gender orientation at the level of the individual , to the social and industrial transformations that have altered class relations .
this in turn demands an exploration of a variety of forces that have shaped and constructed ‘ modern sexuality ’ , and these range from the familial and extra-familial forces that shape sexual and gender orientation at the level of the individual , to the social and industrial [changes] that have altered class relations .

Changes in family and kinship patterns have to be seen in the context of long-term social transformations , leading to new class alignments , changes in the social environment , urbanisation , and a disruption of settled and traditional patterns .
changes in family and kinship patterns have to be seen in the context of long-term social [changes] , leading to new class alignments , changes in the social environment , urbanisation , and a disruption of settled and traditional patterns .

It seems more likely , however , to have been the result of major historical transformations , including the separation of work from home , and the growing centrality of the individual in the economy and the general ideology , than to have derived from developments intrinsic to a landed class .
it seems more likely , however , to have been the result of major historical [changes] , including the separation of work from home , and the growing centrality of the individual in the economy and the general ideology , than to have derived from developments intrinsic to a landed class .

Accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .
accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social [changes] were to weaken this .

It is probable that eighteenth- and early nineteenth-century law , custom and employment encouraged women 's confidence in their ability to deal with pre-marital sex , but increasingly the transformations of the nineteenth century altered the picture .
it is probable that eighteenth- and early nineteenth-century law , custom and employment encouraged women 's confidence in their ability to deal with pre-marital sex , but increasingly the [changes] of the nineteenth century altered the picture .

Parliament was not , however , simply an instrument for far-reaching transformations of the law by the Crown .
parliament was not , however , simply an instrument for far-reaching [changes] of the law by the crown .

We shall preface our discussion with a few remarks about the nature of information and about the transformations which are undertaken in the mind of the skilled reader .
we shall preface our discussion with a few remarks about the nature of information and about the [changes] which are undertaken in the mind of the skilled reader .

invariant features under different transformations
invariant features under different [changes]

It was not possible to do this without assuming that dreamwork transformations took place .
it was not possible to do this without assuming that dreamwork [changes] took place .

In the 16 years they have lived here , the kitchen has had three transformations , all carried out by John .
in the 16 years they have lived here , the kitchen has had three [changes] , all carried out by john .

What fuels such defensive reactions , whether against real or imaginary threats , is a combination of international population movements with the ultra-rapid , fundamental and unprecedented socio-economic transformations so characteristic of the third quarter of our century .
what fuels such defensive reactions , whether against real or imaginary threats , is a combination of international population movements with the ultra-rapid , fundamental and unprecedented socio-economic [changes] so characteristic of the third quarter of our century .

An inexhaustible debate surrounds the transformations of the upper class in the nineteenth century .
an inexhaustible debate surrounds the [changes] of the upper class in the nineteenth century .

The moral vocabulary of these accusations against sentimentality , leniency and crinolined philanthropy that unfolded in the wake of the great legislative transformations of this era is one which we would find entirely familiar in our own historical time , and which has rolled down to us virtually unchanged across more than a century of resistance to penal reform .
the moral vocabulary of these accusations against sentimentality , leniency and crinolined philanthropy that unfolded in the wake of the great legislative [changes] of this era is one which we would find entirely familiar in our own historical time , and which has rolled down to us virtually unchanged across more than a century of resistance to penal reform .

By definition they do not look backwards at the kinds of demographic transformations with which various societies have already coped .
by definition they do not look backwards at the kinds of demographic [changes] with which various societies have already coped .

Chemistry is concerned with the composition , structure and transformations of matter .
chemistry is concerned with the composition , structure and [changes] of matter .

Such economic transformations tend to undermine both the national independence of Third World countries , and the autonomy of women where this is based on some degree of control over land .
such economic [changes] tend to undermine both the national independence of third world countries , and the autonomy of women where this is based on some degree of control over land .

Indeed he appeared to hold out the offer of an alliance with the radicals , insisting that there should be no split `` among the democratic , progressive forces which are dedicated to carrying out transformations in society `` .
indeed he appeared to hold out the offer of an alliance with the radicals , insisting that there should be no split `` among the democratic , progressive forces which are dedicated to carrying out [changes] in society `` .

It is true that the non-human world of living things is packed with symmetries and topological transformations of smooth forms but the simplest shapes of all — regular straight lines , rectangles , triangles , circles , ellipses — hardly ever turn up except as the result of human intervention .
it is true that the non-human world of living things is packed with symmetries and topological [changes] of smooth forms but the simplest shapes of all — regular straight lines , rectangles , triangles , circles , ellipses — hardly ever turn up except as the result of human intervention .

Research summary To investigate , through a case study centered on a major commercial company , the organisational transformations taking place in commercial software development .
research summary to investigate , through a case study centered on a major commercial company , the organisational [changes] taking place in commercial software development .

Dominant themes in current academic and policy debates focus on the uneven impact of social and economic change , the relationships between the housing market and the labour market and the transformations of family life , life-styles and living standards .
dominant themes in current academic and policy debates focus on the uneven impact of social and economic change , the relationships between the housing market and the labour market and the [changes] of family life , life-styles and living standards .

It will look both at large-scale historical transformations , and at the responses and perceptions of the local Andean population , since the present crisis affecting highland Bolivia can not be understood without taking into account its historical and cultural roots .
it will look both at large-scale historical [changes] , and at the responses and perceptions of the local andean population , since the present crisis affecting highland bolivia can not be understood without taking into account its historical and cultural roots .

There was a time in the very early universe when it was so hot that the particle energies would have been high enough for these transformations to take place .
there was a time in the very early universe when it was so hot that the particle energies would have been high enough for these [changes] to take place .

These estimates suggest a sudden , huge growth in applications using multimedia , perhaps foreshadowing radical transformations of information media more generally .
these estimates suggest a sudden , huge growth in applications using multimedia , perhaps foreshadowing radical [changes] of information media more generally .

Transformations of another sort are produced by mutations in the retinoic acid receptors .
[changes] of another sort are produced by mutations in the retinoic acid receptors .

The copious benzene rings and potential carboxylic acid groups in coal suggest that these transformations might not be too difficult .
the copious benzene rings and potential carboxylic acid groups in coal suggest that these [changes] might not be too difficult .

5.6.5 Image transformations
5.6.5 image [changes]

And the surrounding transformations and tensions were indeed challenging .
and the surrounding [changes] and tensions were indeed challenging .

Look at them long and hard with a fresh eye , question their presence and their use ; there are very few that do n't lend themselves to ingenious transformations .
look at them long and hard with a fresh eye , question their presence and their use ; there are very few that do n't lend themselves to ingenious [changes] .

For other instant transformations you could jazz up an all-white kitchen say , by adding red and white tiles and red handles , or by just painting a stripe all along between drawers and cupboard doors .
for other instant [changes] you could jazz up an all-white kitchen say , by adding red and white tiles and red handles , or by just painting a stripe all along between drawers and cupboard doors .

Given a tree not in the base , determining which sequence of transformations may have been applied to generate this tree .
given a tree not in the base , determining which sequence of [changes] may have been applied to generate this tree .

More generally , however , we have to pose the question whether in certain conditions gradual and minor changes — disregarding the amount of violence they involve may not be cumulative , and lead eventually to major transformations .
more generally , however , we have to pose the question whether in certain conditions gradual and minor changes — disregarding the amount of violence they involve may not be cumulative , and lead eventually to major [changes] .

Both the development of the welfare state and the emergence of fascism or , more generally , of totalitarian regimes , are undoubtedly major political changes , which can be defined , in the light of this twentieth century experience , but also taking into account other historical transformations , as those which bring about a significant reorganization of the apparatus of government , a change in the relations between government and people , and to a considerable extent , a restructuring of other social relationships , including modifications in the hierarchical ordering of various social groups .
both the development of the welfare state and the emergence of fascism or , more generally , of totalitarian regimes , are undoubtedly major political changes , which can be defined , in the light of this twentieth century experience , but also taking into account other historical [changes] , as those which bring about a significant reorganization of the apparatus of government , a change in the relations between government and people , and to a considerable extent , a restructuring of other social relationships , including modifications in the hierarchical ordering of various social groups .

More important , although most Marxist thinkers have taken it as a model , it provides no reliable guide to future social transformations .
more important , although most marxist thinkers have taken it as a model , it provides no reliable guide to future social [changes] .

At the same time , the rise of this new class , and the transition from feudalism to capitalism which it accomplished in Western Europe , were made possible by other transformations and political or cultural conflicts ; by the establishment of centralized , effectively administered nation states , and by the religious struggles from which emerged the Protestant sects and the diffusion of the Protestant ethic , which at the very least contributed to the self-confidence and determination of the bourgeoisie , promoted a climate of opinion favourable to its activities , and perhaps hastened its triumph .
at the same time , the rise of this new class , and the transition from feudalism to capitalism which it accomplished in western europe , were made possible by other [changes] and political or cultural conflicts ; by the establishment of centralized , effectively administered nation states , and by the religious struggles from which emerged the protestant sects and the diffusion of the protestant ethic , which at the very least contributed to the self-confidence and determination of the bourgeoisie , promoted a climate of opinion favourable to its activities , and perhaps hastened its triumph .

The nationalist movements and the new nations which made their appearance after the Second World War thus displayed features which distinguish them in some ways from the earlier movements which led to the formation of nation states in Western Europe , because they arose in a very different international context — in a highly developed capitalist world economy , in the aftermath of a division of the world among powerful imperialist nations , and in the midst of political transformations resulting from the growth of the socialist movement .
the nationalist movements and the new nations which made their appearance after the second world war thus displayed features which distinguish them in some ways from the earlier movements which led to the formation of nation states in western europe , because they arose in a very different international context — in a highly developed capitalist world economy , in the aftermath of a division of the world among powerful imperialist nations , and in the midst of political [changes] resulting from the growth of the socialist movement .

Equations between tensors have the property that they remain valid under the general transformations between Gaussian coordinate systems in curved space–time .
equations between tensors have the property that they remain valid under the general [changes] between gaussian coordinate systems in curved space–time .

Therefore physical laws when expressed in terms of tensors will retain their form under these general transformations , in particular under changes to accelerating frames .
therefore physical laws when expressed in terms of tensors will retain their form under these general [changes] , in particular under changes to accelerating frames .

5.1 General transformations
5.1 general [changes]

General transformations in curved space–time are non-linear .
general [changes] in curved space–time are non-linear .

The components of the momentum ( or any other local four-vector at the same event ) will have to behave under general transformations just like the components ; using eqn ( 5.1 ) .
the components of the momentum ( or any other local four-vector at the same event ) will have to behave under general [changes] just like the components ; using eqn ( 5.1 ) .

Next some examples of transformations of interest are given , using orthonormal local coordinates .
next some examples of [changes] of interest are given , using orthonormal local coordinates .

At any given location the value of φ is invariant under transformations , i.e .
at any given location the value of φ is invariant under [changes] , i.e .

The main theme of this chapter is to obtain physical laws that are valid under general transformations to an accelerated frame .
the main theme of this chapter is to obtain physical laws that are valid under general [changes] to an accelerated frame .

Firstly , physical laws must be expressible as tensor equations so that they remain valid under transformations to any accelerated frame .
firstly , physical laws must be expressible as tensor equations so that they remain valid under [changes] to any accelerated frame .

More importantly , his idea that narrative grammar may be transformed or subverted by individual texts gives his grammar far greater analytical power , since elements which might fall outside the scope of a more rigid model may now be read as transformations of it .
more importantly , his idea that narrative grammar may be transformed or subverted by individual texts gives his grammar far greater analytical power , since elements which might fall outside the scope of a more rigid model may now be read as [changes] of it .

It advances by means of a series of revolutionary transformations and incremental advances .
it advances by means of a series of revolutionary [changes] and incremental advances .

The problem is that such transformations are seldom perceived whilst they are occurring ; they are usually identified long after the event .
the problem is that such [changes] are seldom perceived whilst they are occurring ; they are usually identified long after the event .

The structural complexity here is as great as anywhere in the world , with the surface features forming the end point of a series of chemical and physical transformations and movements of the rocks at depth under the influences of high pressures and moderate temperatures .
the structural complexity here is as great as anywhere in the world , with the surface features forming the end point of a series of chemical and physical [changes] and movements of the rocks at depth under the influences of high pressures and moderate temperatures .

but there are areas in which the accumulation of accretionary increments of knowledge may lead to theoretical transformations by building revolutionary , multi-disciplinary syntheses .
but there are areas in which the accumulation of accretionary increments of knowledge may lead to theoretical [changes] by building revolutionary , multi-disciplinary syntheses .

*Vice-Adml . Piotr KolodziejczykNational Defence Dariusz LedworowskiForeign Economic Co-operation Janusz LewandowskiOwnership Transformations Henryk MajewskiInternal Affairs Maciej NowickiEnvironmental Protection , Natural Resources and Forestry Marek RostworowskiCulture and Art
*vice-adml . piotr kolodziejczyknational defence dariusz ledworowskiforeign economic co-operation janusz lewandowskiownership [changes] henryk majewskiinternal affairs maciej nowickienvironmental protection , natural resources and forestry marek rostworowskiculture and art

The Declaration altered the original resolution of April 11 , by supporting the actions taken by the President , the Supreme Soviet and the government `` towards radical transformations in the economy `` .
the declaration altered the original resolution of april 11 , by supporting the actions taken by the president , the supreme soviet and the government `` towards radical [changes] in the economy `` .

The large transformations that de Gaulle sought did not occur , and the concrete achievements proved of limited significance .
the large [changes] that de gaulle sought did not occur , and the concrete achievements proved of limited significance .

Transformations of that magnitude necessitated transformations in numerous social and educational institutions .
[changes] of that magnitude necessitated [changes] in numerous social and educational institutions .

Any quadratic form can be reduced to such a canonical form by suitable linear transformations ) .
any quadratic form can be reduced to such a canonical form by suitable linear [changes] ) .

Because of skewed distributions in immunoglobulin secreting cells and specific antibody secreting cells counts , logarithmic transformations ( ln ) were used .
because of skewed distributions in immunoglobulin secreting cells and specific antibody secreting cells counts , logarithmic [changes] ( ln ) were used .

And persons of average political sensibility in many lands eagerly study the transformations in Hungary and seek to draw lessons from the changes .
and persons of average political sensibility in many lands eagerly study the [changes] in hungary and seek to draw lessons from the changes .

By then the ‘ monster ’ has gone through many transformations , unable to decide who he is or which of his many disguises represents the true ‘ him ’ ; but he can only find liberty by killing the father who sired him .
by then the ‘ monster ’ has gone through many [changes] , unable to decide who he is or which of his many disguises represents the true ‘ him ’ ; but he can only find liberty by killing the father who sired him .

All 12 winners having met up the evening before for an Italian meal at The Campana in London 's West End , followed by a night at The Regent Crest Hotel , the second half of the group arrived bright and early at the studio , ready for their transformations the next day .
all 12 winners having met up the evening before for an italian meal at the campana in london 's west end , followed by a night at the regent crest hotel , the second half of the group arrived bright and early at the studio , ready for their [changes] the next day .

The transformations effected by the second Vatican Council of 1962–5 in liturgy , sacrament , scripture , and so on led to the accelerated decline of traditional rituals such as wakes and pilgrimages to local shrines .
the [changes] effected by the second vatican council of 1962–5 in liturgy , sacrament , scripture , and so on led to the accelerated decline of traditional rituals such as wakes and pilgrimages to local shrines .

These are governed by an often unwritten series of transformations , creating homologies which reaffirm operational practice and which are determined by a definitive , but rarely acknowledged rationale .
these are governed by an often unwritten series of [changes] , creating homologies which reaffirm operational practice and which are determined by a definitive , but rarely acknowledged rationale .

… we may safely assume that there exists some universal semantics of literature , comprehending the themes which are to be met with always and everywhere and which are limited in number ; their transformations and combinations produce the apparent multitude of literary themes .
… we may safely assume that there exists some universal semantics of literature , comprehending the themes which are to be met with always and everywhere and which are limited in number ; their [changes] and combinations produce the apparent multitude of literary themes .

The myth that a man makes has transformations according as he sees himself as hero or villain , as young or old , but it is essentially the same myth ; Tom Jones is not the same person , but he is the same myth as Squire Western ; Midshipman Easy is part of the same myth ; Falstaff is elevated above the myth to dwell on Olympus , more than a national character .
the myth that a man makes has [changes] according as he sees himself as hero or villain , as young or old , but it is essentially the same myth ; tom jones is not the same person , but he is the same myth as squire western ; midshipman easy is part of the same myth ; falstaff is elevated above the myth to dwell on olympus , more than a national character .

The demonstration of the evolution and the transformations of types of property is as central to their work as the demonstration of the evolution of relations of production .
the demonstration of the evolution and the [changes] of types of property is as central to their work as the demonstration of the evolution of relations of production .

None the less it is clear that Marx felt that before he could complete a book on pre-capitalist societies , he had to find out much more about these societies and their transformations .
none the less it is clear that marx felt that before he could complete a book on pre-capitalist societies , he had to find out much more about these societies and their [changes] .

The text rests mainly on specific cited examples , drawn from the literature up to 1987 , but the authors comment on both the scope and the likely mechanism of the various transformations .
the text rests mainly on specific cited examples , drawn from the literature up to 1987 , but the authors comment on both the scope and the likely mechanism of the various [changes] .

The syntheses have been carefully chosen by the author and demonstrate how the unique chemistry of transition metal complexes allows otherwise difficult synthetic transformations to be done efficiently .
the syntheses have been carefully chosen by the author and demonstrate how the unique chemistry of transition metal complexes allows otherwise difficult synthetic [changes] to be done efficiently .

The greatest deviation in modern architecture and planning is the loss of scale ; not human scale but the hierarchies of scale in which vital transformations happen .
the greatest deviation in modern architecture and planning is the loss of scale ; not human scale but the hierarchies of scale in which vital [changes] happen .

It also performs Wye-Delta transformations ( handy for network analysis simplification ) and defined multi-tap dividers , for up to ten output voltages .
it also performs wye-delta [changes] ( handy for network analysis simplification ) and defined multi-tap dividers , for up to ten output voltages .

In spite , therefore , of the transformations , basic comfort was lacking .
in spite , therefore , of the [changes] , basic comfort was lacking .

Becker says that it is expecting too much of Third world bourgeoisies to think they can bring about societal transformations on a grand scale or act in the ‘ heroic ’ way of entrepreneurs a century ago ( Becker 1983 ) .
becker says that it is expecting too much of third world bourgeoisies to think they can bring about societal [changes] on a grand scale or act in the ‘ heroic ’ way of entrepreneurs a century ago ( becker 1983 ) .

He was transfixed , suddenly stilled , gaping at the rawness of the signs and transformations .
he was transfixed , suddenly stilled , gaping at the rawness of the signs and [changes] .

The windmill at the eastern approach to the village is known as Gibraltar Mill , and has undergone many transformations in the course of its life , from its original construction in 1680 to its recent conversion to a private house .
the windmill at the eastern approach to the village is known as gibraltar mill , and has undergone many [changes] in the course of its life , from its original construction in 1680 to its recent conversion to a private house .

The appropriate technique is to consider transformations of the basic functions f and g which are here treated as coordinates .
the appropriate technique is to consider [changes] of the basic functions f and g which are here treated as coordinates .

The two transformations ( 12.1 ) and ( 12.2 ) may also be used in conjunction .
the two [changes] ( 12.1 ) and ( 12.2 ) may also be used in conjunction .

Rotations and Ehlers transformations
rotations and ehlers [changes]

All of the above transformations can be shown to be obtainable from a general rotation and rescaling of the coordinates in the plane .
all of the above [changes] can be shown to be obtainable from a general rotation and rescaling of the coordinates in the plane .

The transformation ( 12.20 ) clearly incorporates ( 12.10 ) , ( 12.13 ) and ( 12.16 ) which include both pure rotations and those referred to as Ehlers transformations .
the transformation ( 12.20 ) clearly incorporates ( 12.10 ) , ( 12.13 ) and ( 12.16 ) which include both pure rotations and those referred to as ehlers [changes] .

It follows that these transformations on their own can not be used to generate genuinely non-colinear solutions from colinear ones .
it follows that these [changes] on their own can not be used to generate genuinely non-colinear solutions from colinear ones .

In particular these transformations may be applied to the potentials for the metric functions that will be described in Section 12.4 .
in particular these [changes] may be applied to the potentials for the metric functions that will be described in section 12.4 .

Strictly speaking it is only these transformations , applied in the potential space , that should be referred to as Ehlers transformations ( Ehlers , 1957 ) .
strictly speaking it is only these [changes] , applied in the potential space , that should be referred to as ehlers [changes] ( ehlers , 1957 ) .

It is then possible that a sequence both of coordinate transformations ( 12.19 ) and Ehlers transformations ( 12.20 ) in the potential space can be applied alternately to generate a further class of solutions with an infinite number of parameters .
it is then possible that a sequence both of coordinate [changes] ( 12.19 ) and ehlers [changes] ( 12.20 ) in the potential space can be applied alternately to generate a further class of solutions with an infinite number of parameters .

Geroch transformations
geroch [changes]

It may also be shown that these transformations include both the Ehlers transformation and the rotation described in previous sections .
it may also be shown that these [changes] include both the ehlers transformation and the rotation described in previous sections .

The algebraic structure of these transformations has been analysed by Geroch ( 1972 ) .
the algebraic structure of these [changes] has been analysed by geroch ( 1972 ) .

The Geroch transformations , which relate one vacuum solution to another , in fact form an infinite-dimensional group .
the geroch [changes] , which relate one vacuum solution to another , in fact form an infinite-dimensional group .

They also showed that the Kinnersley-Chitre transformations can be carried out by solving an appropriate homogeneous Hilbert problem .
they also showed that the kinnersley-chitre [changes] can be carried out by solving an appropriate homogeneous hilbert problem .

Another solution-generating technique that has been developed in recent years is that associated with Bäcklund transformations .
another solution-generating technique that has been developed in recent years is that associated with bäcklund [changes] .

Bäcklund transformations can also be described as double-Harrison transformations , or as quadruple-Neugebauer transformations .
bäcklund [changes] can also be described as double-harrison [changes] , or as quadruple-neugebauer [changes] .

Cosgrove ( 1981 ) has shown how Bäcklund transformations can be conveniently expressed in this formalism .
cosgrove ( 1981 ) has shown how bäcklund [changes] can be conveniently expressed in this formalism .

Ernst , García-Díaz and Hauser ( 1987 b ) have also found a simpler realization of the Geroch group of transformations relating colliding wave solutions .
ernst , garcía-díaz and hauser ( 1987 b ) have also found a simpler realization of the geroch group of [changes] relating colliding wave solutions .

It therefore seemed reasonable that other colliding wave solutions may be generated by applying double-Harrison transformations to other Kasner metrics .
it therefore seemed reasonable that other colliding wave solutions may be generated by applying double-harrison [changes] to other kasner metrics .

The difficulty arises because , as described in previous chapters , it is convenient to use f and g , or transformations of them , as coordinates in the interaction region .
the difficulty arises because , as described in previous chapters , it is convenient to use f and g , or [changes] of them , as coordinates in the interaction region .

The more complex , non-biological transformations use either homogeneous or heterogeneous catalysts .
the more complex , non-biological [changes] use either homogeneous or heterogeneous catalysts .

Indeed , geometric transformations are fundamental to much computer graphics technique , for producing perspective drawings , for rotating ‘ objects ’ in space , and other data manipulations .
indeed , geometric [changes] are fundamental to much computer graphics technique , for producing perspective drawings , for rotating ‘ objects ’ in space , and other data manipulations .

Geometry disciplines our approach by analysing the variety of possible transformations , starting with the simplest and moving on to take each new complication in turn .
geometry disciplines our approach by analysing the variety of possible [changes] , starting with the simplest and moving on to take each new complication in turn .

Figure 1 shows several of the most elementary transformations together with the rules that generate them .
figure 1 shows several of the most elementary [changes] together with the rules that generate them .

Another class of transformations contains the similarities , transformations that alter size , but not shape .
another class of [changes] contains the similarities , [changes] that alter size , but not shape .

Then there are the affrine transformations , which destroy shape and size but maintain straightness and proportions in any line , as well as parallels ; and projective transformations which destroy shape , size , proportions and parallels , maintaining only straightness , as in perspective .
then there are the affrine [changes] , which destroy shape and size but maintain straightness and proportions in any line , as well as parallels ; and projective [changes] which destroy shape , size , proportions and parallels , maintaining only straightness , as in perspective .

After the larvae pupate , they undergo the dramatic transformations into the adult that constitutes metamorphosis .
after the larvae pupate , they undergo the dramatic [changes] into the adult that constitutes metamorphosis .

The chemical transformations that can then occur are quite remarkable , making zeolites some of the most unusual catalysts known .
the chemical [changes] that can then occur are quite remarkable , making zeolites some of the most unusual catalysts known .

Many kinds of butterflies and moths perform similar startling transformations .
many kinds of butterflies and moths perform similar startling [changes] .

The economy of the villa had undergone so many transformations over the centuries that its nature and workings were subject to every kind of variation .
the economy of the villa had undergone so many [changes] over the centuries that its nature and workings were subject to every kind of variation .

The first eight chapters are devoted to the synthesis of organosulphur compounds and cover the direct introduction of sulphur into organic compounds and selected transformations of organosulphur compounds involving radical , ionic and catalytic processes ; there is also a review of desulphurisation .
the first eight chapters are devoted to the synthesis of organosulphur compounds and cover the direct introduction of sulphur into organic compounds and selected [changes] of organosulphur compounds involving radical , ionic and catalytic processes ; there is also a review of desulphurisation .

While curiosity is a fundamental quality for a designer , it must be accompanied by a wide-ranging interest in the social , cultural and industrial transformations that are constantly taking place .
while curiosity is a fundamental quality for a designer , it must be accompanied by a wide-ranging interest in the social , cultural and industrial [changes] that are constantly taking place .

All the tricks and transformations
all the tricks and [changes]

And though the notion of the ‘ common good ’ went through several transformations at the hands of the New Liberals , it continued , in Hobhouse 's words , to require ‘ a readiness to forgo personal advantage for the general gain , a recognition of mutual dependence ’ .
and though the notion of the ‘ common good ’ went through several [changes] at the hands of the new liberals , it continued , in hobhouse 's words , to require ‘ a readiness to forgo personal advantage for the general gain , a recognition of mutual dependence ’ .

This chapter has been placed after chapter 10 since one of the most appealing uses of such transformations is to unbend curvy lines .
this chapter has been placed after chapter 10 since one of the most appealing uses of such [changes] is to unbend curvy lines .

In this chapter , we shall consider a family of transformations of the scale of measurement which help make the variables easier to handle in data analysis .
in this chapter , we shall consider a family of [changes] of the scale of measurement which help make the variables easier to handle in data analysis .

We have met one of these transformations — the log transformation already .
we have met one of these [changes] — the log transformation already .

There is a general family of power transformations that can help promote symmetry and sometimes Gaussian shape in many different data batches .
there is a general family of power [changes] that can help promote symmetry and sometimes gaussian shape in many different data batches .

Both transformations keep the data points in the same order , just as logging did .
both [changes] keep the data points in the same order , just as logging did .

Since these transformations must preserve the order of the data points , all the transformations which are powers of less than zero are multiplied by — 1 .
since these [changes] must preserve the order of the data points , all the [changes] which are powers of less than zero are multiplied by — 1 .

There are two refinements to notice about power transformations .
there are two refinements to notice about power [changes] .

Transforming the original numbers by taking logs ( or by one of the other transformations considered below ) is an essentially trivial operation : the order of the numbers is preserved , and they can easily be recast in their original form by taking antilogs .
transforming the original numbers by taking logs ( or by one of the other [changes] considered below ) is an essentially trivial operation : the order of the numbers is preserved , and they can easily be recast in their original form by taking antilogs .

Exercise 11.4 has been set to illustrate that the problem can occur with time series data and how transformations can help there also .
exercise 11.4 has been set to illustrate that the problem can occur with time series data and how [changes] can help there also .

We continue experimenting with different transformations from the summary values until we have done the best we can to promote symmetry and Gaussian shape .
we continue experimenting with different [changes] from the summary values until we have done the best we can to promote symmetry and gaussian shape .

Figure 11.13 Guide to linearizing transformations for curves
figure 11.13 guide to linearizing [changes] for curves

If the curve is not a single bend , monotonic curve , power transformations will probably not straighten it out , though they may help .
if the curve is not a single bend , monotonic curve , power [changes] will probably not straighten it out , though they may help .

Transformations for more complex curves are rarely needed .
[changes] for more complex curves are rarely needed .

Power transformations are a very important part of the researcher 's armoury ; while the exponents of exploratory data analysis stress them ( Tukey 1977 ; Mosteller and Tukey 1977 ) , their use is applauded by many statisticians ( e.g .
power [changes] are a very important part of the researcher 's armoury ; while the exponents of exploratory data analysis stress them ( tukey 1977 ; mosteller and tukey 1977 ) , their use is applauded by many statisticians ( e.g .

Can parents and teachers actually witness young children undergoing these social-to-psychological transformations ?
can parents and teachers actually witness young children undergoing these social-to-psychological [changes] ?

What monumental transformations await us , proudly postmodern , mingled with peoples on this very globe still wedded to archetypes thousands of years old .
what monumental [changes] await us , proudly postmodern , mingled with peoples on this very globe still wedded to archetypes thousands of years old .

A set of primitive parts and the transformations of those parts into other objects is a “ technology graph. ” In fact , a technology graph is deeply similar to a chemical-reaction bipartite graph from a founder set of organic molecules , where the molecules are the objects and the reaction hyperedges linking substrate and products are the transformations among the objects .
a set of primitive parts and the [changes] of those parts into other objects is a “ technology graph. ” in fact , a technology graph is deeply similar to a chemical-reaction bipartite graph from a founder set of organic molecules , where the molecules are the objects and the reaction hyperedges linking substrate and products are the [changes] among the objects .

The graph is “ bipartite ” because there are two types of entities , nodes , and hyperedges , representing objects and transformations .
the graph is “ bipartite ” because there are two types of entities , nodes , and hyperedges , representing objects and [changes] .

In short , in a context-sensitive grammar , the objects and transformations rules are sensitive to the context of the objects and previous transformations themselves .
in short , in a context-sensitive grammar , the objects and [changes] rules are sensitive to the context of the objects and previous [changes] themselves .

Thus , a grammar model , or a physical instantiation of a grammar model such as Lego World , is a toy world with a technology graph of objects and transformations .
thus , a grammar model , or a physical instantiation of a grammar model such as lego world , is a toy world with a technology graph of objects and [changes] .

In a fundamental sense , an appropriate set of Java objects , together with search engines for complements and substitutes matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” constitutes a grammar of objects and linkings or transformations among objects .
in a fundamental sense , an appropriate set of java objects , together with search engines for complements and substitutes matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” constitutes a grammar of objects and linkings or [changes] among objects .

In an intuitive nutshell , in a nonequilibrium setting , the greater the diversity of structures , potential reactions , or other transformations among structures , measurement processes and devices , coupling devices , and constraints that already exist in a ramified web of propagating structures , reactions , work , measurement , constraint and coupling constructions , the easier it is for the total system to generate new kinds of molecules or other structures , processes , measurement devices , couplings , and constraints such that a biosphere or the universe can expand into the newness of its adjacent possible .
in an intuitive nutshell , in a nonequilibrium setting , the greater the diversity of structures , potential reactions , or other [changes] among structures , measurement processes and devices , coupling devices , and constraints that already exist in a ramified web of propagating structures , reactions , work , measurement , constraint and coupling constructions , the easier it is for the total system to generate new kinds of molecules or other structures , processes , measurement devices , couplings , and constraints such that a biosphere or the universe can expand into the newness of its adjacent possible .

All of these efforts entailed cultural transformations , and therefore there was some natural resistance that took time and effort to overcome .
all of these efforts entailed cultural [changes] , and therefore there was some natural resistance that took time and effort to overcome .

All the steps of data reduction and coding are described , along with the basis for transformations in these steps .
all the steps of data reduction and coding are described , along with the basis for [changes] in these steps .

Participants shared experiences about these transformations and acknowledged the benefits of reconfiguration , as programs complete the critical work of reorganization .
participants shared experiences about these [changes] and acknowledged the benefits of reconfiguration , as programs complete the critical work of reorganization .

As any one versed in organizational psychology or even experienced in managing a large organization knows , such transformations do not come easy , they are seldom painless , and they require the staff of the organization leading such a transformation to put themselves on the line in ways that often are unfamiliar and unpleasant .
as any one versed in organizational psychology or even experienced in managing a large organization knows , such [changes] do not come easy , they are seldom painless , and they require the staff of the organization leading such a transformation to put themselves on the line in ways that often are unfamiliar and unpleasant .

Decomposer and chemoautotrophic microorganisms similarly influence biogeochemical transformations , while parasitic species can manipulate the behaviour and internal environment of the hosts they infect .
decomposer and chemoautotrophic microorganisms similarly influence biogeochemical [changes] , while parasitic species can manipulate the behaviour and internal environment of the hosts they infect .

Perhaps less obvious examples of niche construction are the many types of migration and cultural evolution that , like physical transformations , cause the organism 's descendants to experience a different selective environment .
perhaps less obvious examples of niche construction are the many types of migration and cultural evolution that , like physical [changes] , cause the organism 's descendants to experience a different selective environment .

Similar transformations in foreign policy , particularly toward the United States , are far less likely .
similar [changes] in foreign policy , particularly toward the united states , are far less likely .

The simplest answer -- and the simplest excuse for that earlier column -- is that no one ever suggested that transformations in the oil industry were going to have the effect of repealing the laws of supply and demand .
the simplest answer -- and the simplest excuse for that earlier column -- is that no one ever suggested that [changes] in the oil industry were going to have the effect of repealing the laws of supply and demand .

There 's an excellent chance that they are , because the structural transformations in the world oil market are real , and so too is the fact that running a cartel has not gotten any easier in the past couple of years .
there 's an excellent chance that they are , because the structural [changes] in the world oil market are real , and so too is the fact that running a cartel has not gotten any easier in the past couple of years .

Michelangelo 's metamorphic wit , somewhere between the nightmare transformations of his fellow Florentine Dante Alighieri and the baroque fantasies of Lorenzo Bernini , is nowhere better displayed than in his famous drawing of Phaëthon 's fall .
michelangelo 's metamorphic wit , somewhere between the nightmare [changes] of his fellow florentine dante alighieri and the baroque fantasies of lorenzo bernini , is nowhere better displayed than in his famous drawing of phaëthon 's fall .

Then , two years ago , Grove published Only the Paranoid Survive , which lays out a kind of Schumpeterian theory of major transformations in the business climate and tries to explain how to deal with them .
then , two years ago , grove published only the paranoid survive , which lays out a kind of schumpeterian theory of major [changes] in the business climate and tries to explain how to deal with them .

These two radical acts made irreversible transformations in female appearance .
these two radical acts made irreversible [changes] in female appearance .

That lack of insight was shown by Robert Louis Stevenson 's good Dr. Jekyll ( The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , 1886 ) , whose impressive bodily transformations to his evil alter ego made Jekyll-and-Hyde descriptive of persons who alternately demonstrate good and evil behavior .
that lack of insight was shown by robert louis stevenson 's good dr. jekyll ( the strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde , 1886 ) , whose impressive bodily [changes] to his evil alter ego made jekyll-and-hyde descriptive of persons who alternately demonstrate good and evil behavior .

