`` We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. Mitchell some of the glow of Sen. Case's candidacy of last year .
`` we are now witnessing an effort to [give] to mr. mitchell some of the glow of sen. case's candidacy of last year .

His strong opposition to the transfer of Negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood , in the interest of integration , will be attacked by Negro leaders who have fought for , and achieved , this open or permissive enrollment .
his strong opposition to the [give] of negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood , in the interest of integration , will be attacked by negro leaders who have fought for , and achieved , this open or permissive enrollment .

To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .
to the tens of thousands who must [give] to ride to seventy-fourth street and change for the ind , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .

Highly successful in England before its transfer to New York , most of `` Roots '' is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy .
highly successful in england before its [give] to new york , most of `` roots '' is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy .

There is A growing conviction among pastors and Church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the Church need preparatory training , including those coming by transfer of membership .
there is a growing conviction among pastors and church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the church need preparatory training , including those coming by [give] of membership .

Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule .
those who [give] their membership are no exception to the rule .

The twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone , but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet .
the twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone , but the balance between the instruments is good and the [give] is very quiet .

Boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round anchorage for their craft , will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car , driving to the water , and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat .
boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round anchorage for their craft , will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car , driving to the water , and making trip after trip to [give] the gear to the boat .

Consulting Engineer , Heat Transfer
consulting engineer , heat [give]

Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the Virginia quickstep '' .
johnny rebs from the deep south who were plagued with diarrhoea after [give] to the virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the virginia quickstep '' .

Even the mess sergeant , Bill Brown , a dapper , cocky transfer from an airborne division , went out on the range .
even the mess sergeant , bill brown , a dapper , cocky [give] from an airborne division , went out on the range .

The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs .
the higher heat [give] rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs .

The heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects : 1 .
the heat [give] to the anode is due to the following effects : 1 .

This energy transfer depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode sheath .
this energy [give] depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode sheath .

Heat transfer by molecular conduction as well as by radiation from the arc column .
heat [give] by molecular conduction as well as by radiation from the arc column .

The heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs is enhanced by a hot gas jet flowing from the cathode towards the anode with velocities up Af .
the heat [give] to the anode in free burning arcs is enhanced by a hot gas jet flowing from the cathode towards the anode with velocities up af .

The use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power output .
the use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat [give] to the anode for a given power output .

To reduce heat transfer from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc , a carbon shield was attached to the surface providing an air gap of 1/16 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder .
to reduce heat [give] from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc , a carbon shield was attached to the surface providing an air gap of 1/16 inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder .

The mass scale used in Table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite , permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( Cook and Whipple , 1958 ) .
the mass scale used in table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum [give] to the trail by the meteorite , permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( cook and whipple , 1958 ) .

In substance , said the Court , there was no transfer of equitable title .
in substance , said the court , there was no [give] of equitable title .

In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step .
in fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to [give] a claim for refund if the kimbell-diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step .

The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed .
the cases have allowed [give] of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed .

The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion .
the first reason would never apply to a reorganization [give] which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion .

Section 381(a) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent , a statutory merger or consolidation , an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock , or a change of identity , form , or place of organization .
section 381(a) applies only to a [give] by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent , a statutory merger or consolidation , an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock , or a change of identity , form , or place of organization .

In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .
in the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its [give] should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .

Recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer .
recent studies by weston and stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen [give] .

Their study showed that it was possible to transfer 3 to 4 lb of oxygen / hr. / hp.
their study showed that it was possible to [give] 3 to 4 lb of oxygen / hr. / hp.

The slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage .
the slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen [give] as well as the mixing of the raw sewage .

Oxygen transfer
oxygen [give]

One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator .
one of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen [give] relationships of the mechanical aerator .

The added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity .
the added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen [give] capacity .

A series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate .
a series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen [give] rate .

The rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0-mg. / l. dissolved oxygen concentration and 10-degrees-C for various rotor speeds is given in Table 3 .
the rate of oxygen [give] at 1.0-mg. / l. dissolved oxygen concentration and 10-degrees-c for various rotor speeds is given in table 3 .

The maximum rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0 mg/l dissolved oxygen was calculated as 220 lb/day at a maximum rate of 9.3 Aj .
the maximum rate of oxygen [give] at 1.0 mg/l dissolved oxygen was calculated as 220 lb/day at a maximum rate of 9.3 aj .

The actual power requirements indicated 2 lb. oxygen transfer / hr. / hp. .
the actual power requirements indicated 2 lb. oxygen [give] / hr. / hp. .

The polyethylene cover reduced the oxygen transfer rate by 10 per cent , indicating that the maximum oxygen transfer is at the rotor rather than through the surface .
the polyethylene cover reduced the oxygen [give] rate by 10 per cent , indicating that the maximum oxygen [give] is at the rotor rather than through the surface .

It was evident that a second transfer had to be effected , and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctor's room and the time she began Alex's .
it was evident that a second [give] had to be effected , and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctor's room and the time she began alex's .

But for some fool reason he couldn't remember which men he'd put on the transfer detail .
but for some fool reason he couldn't remember which men he'd put on the [give] detail .

They 've so far pledged almost twenty-five thousand pounds — which the scheme 's organiser hopes to transfer into Morland shares , enabling workers to vote against the bid …
they 've so far pledged almost twenty-five thousand pounds — which the scheme 's organiser hopes to [give] into morland shares , enabling workers to vote against the bid …

But nothing for Glenn the performer , who they offered on a free transfer two years ago .
but nothing for glenn the performer , who they offered on a free [give] two years ago .

The former Nottingham Forest football manager , Brian Clough , has denied claims in the High Court that he received illegal payments during the transfer of one of his players .
the former nottingham forest football manager , brian clough , has denied claims in the high court that he received illegal payments during the [give] of one of his players .

Bad news for Oxford speedway fans … former World Champion Hans Nielsen wants a transfer
bad news for oxford speedway fans … former world champion hans nielsen wants a [give]

This afternoon it came a step closer when the Health Authority voted to shut it down and transfer facilities to the Gloucestershire Royal Hospital .
this afternoon it came a step closer when the health authority voted to shut it down and [give] facilities to the gloucestershire royal hospital .

He tried to transfer his pension last year after he won his unfair dismissal case .
he tried to [give] his pension last year after he won his unfair dismissal case .

Gareth Abrahams , signed on a free transfer from Cardiff , makes his debut at the back and Leroy May plays upfront .
gareth abrahams , signed on a free [give] from cardiff , makes his debut at the back and leroy may plays upfront .

Football , and after just one game in the premier league Swindon Town have been in the transfer market to sign Wolves striker Andy Mutch … The fee is two hundred and fifty thousand pounds and Mutch , who 'll sign tomorrow , is expected to make his debut at the County Ground against Liverpool on Sunday …
football , and after just one game in the premier league swindon town have been in the [give] market to sign wolves striker andy mutch … the fee is two hundred and fifty thousand pounds and mutch , who 'll sign tomorrow , is expected to make his debut at the county ground against liverpool on sunday …

The tournament proved to be Gascoigne 's finest hour … he became a superstar overnight … and Jane spent the next 2 years helping him arrange a multi million pound transfer to the Rome club Lazio .
the tournament proved to be gascoigne 's finest hour … he became a superstar overnight … and jane spent the next 2 years helping him arrange a multi million pound [give] to the rome club lazio .

And today Fluid transfer at Nailsworth cut seventeen staff … also blaming the recession .
and today fluid [give] at nailsworth cut seventeen staff … also blaming the recession .

Particularly Old Speckled Hen could survive ; they 've only been brewing it there in its present form for 2 years and it would be easy for us to transfer that production to their specifications using Morland 's yeast .
particularly old speckled hen could survive ; they 've only been brewing it there in its present form for 2 years and it would be easy for us to [give] that production to their specifications using morland 's yeast .

There they were told that under Transfer of Undertakings regulations , Arkells had no right to dismiss them .
there they were told that under [give] of undertakings regulations , arkells had no right to dismiss them .

Colin Calderwood , the man who skippered the Robins to their Wembley triumph last season , but joined Tottenham Hotspur soon after , has been valued by an independent transfer tribunal at 1 and a quarter million pounds .
colin calderwood , the man who skippered the robins to their wembley triumph last season , but joined tottenham hotspur soon after , has been valued by an independent [give] tribunal at 1 and a quarter million pounds .

Meanwhile , Swindon celebrated promotion to the Premier League today by breaking their own club record transfer fee . They paid half a million pounds for Norweigan International striker Jan Orga Fiortoft
meanwhile , swindon celebrated promotion to the premier league today by breaking their own club record [give] fee . they paid half a million pounds for norweigan international striker jan orga fiortoft

Glen Hoddle , the man who walked out on Swindon Town , walked into this afternoon 's transfer tribunal fearing his playing career was over .
glen hoddle , the man who walked out on swindon town , walked into this afternoon 's [give] tribunal fearing his playing career was over .

The Technology Transfer Centre at the Harwell Laboratory in Oxfordshire will help companies worldwide do the necessary research to expand and improve their work .
the technology [give] centre at the harwell laboratory in oxfordshire will help companies worldwide do the necessary research to expand and improve their work .

Team news Glenn Hoddle is having a fitness check tomorrow … but there could be a call up for former England winger Brian Marwood who 's on trial with the club … transfer speculation is linking Ross Maclaren with West Brom … its the dealine next week so watch this space …
team news glenn hoddle is having a fitness check tomorrow … but there could be a call up for former england winger brian marwood who 's on trial with the club … [give] speculation is linking ross maclaren with west brom … its the dealine next week so watch this space …

Transport Secretary John MacGregor is considering a scheme to transfer half the assets of the rail pension funds to the Treasury when the network is privatised .
transport secretary john macgregor is considering a scheme to [give] half the assets of the rail pension funds to the treasury when the network is privatised .

Hoddle 's been in the transfer market to make up for Shearer 's loss .
hoddle 's been in the [give] market to make up for shearer 's loss .

Their cause for concern ; the announcement on Tuesday by Transport Secretary John MacGregor that he intends to transfer at least half the fund 's assets to the Treasury .
their cause for concern ; the announcement on tuesday by transport secretary john macgregor that he intends to [give] at least half the fund 's assets to the treasury .

That 's despite the(£766,000) seven hundred and sixty six thousand pounds they made on the transfer market last season , after parting with Paul Simpson to Derby , and Lee Nogan to Watford .
that 's despite the(£766,000) seven hundred and sixty six thousand pounds they made on the [give] market last season , after parting with paul simpson to derby , and lee nogan to watford .

They 're currently unable to transfer their money to another fund or take early retirement .
they 're currently unable to [give] their money to another fund or take early retirement .

Werra is also an expectant mother — with two embryo transfer foals waiting to be born to German surrogate mares .
werra is also an expectant mother — with two embryo [give] foals waiting to be born to german surrogate mares .

Transfer of goods/ownership Section 61(1)
[give] of goods/ownership section 61(1)

you transfer most
you [give] most

to transfer you
to [give] you

You ca n't transfer into any other .
you ca n't [give] into any other .

Ca n't really transfer her back here .
ca n't really [give] her back here .

So you got a two pound transfer ?
so you got a two pound [give] ?

All they 'll do is put a local transfer erm , thing in .
all they 'll do is put a local [give] erm , thing in .

This one 's had to have a transfer .
this one 's had to have a [give] .

Can you can you transfer me to Ruby or are you on your
can you can you [give] me to ruby or are you on your

Well they 'll put in for a transfer .
well they 'll put in for a [give] .

that , transfer , merge
that , [give] , merge

transfer save , oh that you
[give] save , oh that you

The ship 's captain remained on board for another four hours to transfer 25 tonnes of diesel oil from vulnerable fuel tanks to a more secure area of the vessel .
the ship 's captain remained on board for another four hours to [give] 25 tonnes of diesel oil from vulnerable fuel tanks to a more secure area of the vessel .

Transfer of council houses approved
[give] of council houses approved

While Dutch administrators have been working on plans to transfer part of the former Daf into a new company known as New Daf , it is not yet known if the rescue package will help save jobs at the five Leyland Daf plants in Britain .
while dutch administrators have been working on plans to [give] part of the former daf into a new company known as new daf , it is not yet known if the rescue package will help save jobs at the five leyland daf plants in britain .

Two months after the 1990 riot , Lord escaped while being held in police cells in Bolton awaiting transfer to Wakefield prison .
two months after the 1990 riot , lord escaped while being held in police cells in bolton awaiting [give] to wakefield prison .

Two previous attempts to shut down the school and transfer the pupils to Coldingham were successfully resisted .
two previous attempts to shut down the school and [give] the pupils to coldingham were successfully resisted .

The controversial closures of old geriatric hospitals and the transfer of the patients to units elsewhere run in partnership with private firms is one success story , he claims .
the controversial closures of old geriatric hospitals and the [give] of the patients to units elsewhere run in partnership with private firms is one success story , he claims .

Mr Connolly said he had written to Mr Clarke saying he very much hoped Labour 's commitment to the retention of water services under local government control extended to returning those services to councils ‘ in the unhappy event of any form of privatisation or transfer to some hybrid organisation ’ .
mr connolly said he had written to mr clarke saying he very much hoped labour 's commitment to the retention of water services under local government control extended to returning those services to councils ‘ in the unhappy event of any form of privatisation or [give] to some hybrid organisation ’ .

The network is designed to enhance Europe 's international competitiveness by encouraging the transfer of new ideas and technology to industry .
the network is designed to enhance europe 's international competitiveness by encouraging the [give] of new ideas and technology to industry .

It resulted in last year 's decision to close the European exploration headquarters in Glasgow with the transfer of key personnel to work from the main North Sea operational base in Aberdeen , a process which should be completed by the end of this year .
it resulted in last year 's decision to close the european exploration headquarters in glasgow with the [give] of key personnel to work from the main north sea operational base in aberdeen , a process which should be completed by the end of this year .

The Fimbra guidance note , which was first published in July , warns advisers that : ‘ It should be clearly demonstrated that the beneficiaries ’ rights in the ( company ) scheme are fully taken into account , ’ and that anyone contemplating a transfer must be advised that there are four options open to them , including remaining in the scheme as a deferred member .
the fimbra guidance note , which was first published in july , warns advisers that : ‘ it should be clearly demonstrated that the beneficiaries ’ rights in the ( company ) scheme are fully taken into account , ’ and that anyone contemplating a [give] must be advised that there are four options open to them , including remaining in the scheme as a deferred member .

One Fimbra member has been fined £50,000 for giving a client bad advice on a pension transfer .
one fimbra member has been fined £50,000 for giving a client bad advice on a pension [give] .

Mr Chambers said that innovative technology would have to be combined with a transfer of responsibility to the best people and organisations able to develop and produce oil and gas reserves .
mr chambers said that innovative technology would have to be combined with a [give] of responsibility to the best people and organisations able to develop and produce oil and gas reserves .

Last Friday night Sir Hector Monro , Scottish minister of agriculture , let it be known he was not happy about board proposals to transfer its every nut , bolt , fixture and fitting from statutory monopoly to voluntary co-op from April 1994 .
last friday night sir hector monro , scottish minister of agriculture , let it be known he was not happy about board proposals to [give] its every nut , bolt , fixture and fitting from statutory monopoly to voluntary co-op from april 1994 .

Revenue from normal trading fell , but the club made it up from the transfer market .
revenue from normal trading fell , but the club made it up from the [give] market .

Furthermore the hapten-binding particles were able to transfer the neo gene and the antibody-envelope fusion gene to mouse fibroblasts .
furthermore the hapten-binding particles were able to [give] the neo gene and the antibody-envelope fusion gene to mouse fibroblasts .

Retroviruses can transfer genes efficiently to cells but they deliver their therapeutic genes to both target and nontarget cells , necessitating local delivery of the recombinant retroviruses to specific target tissues 7,8 , or retrovirus-mediated gene transfer to target cells ex vivo , followed by reimplantation of these cells 9 .
retroviruses can [give] genes efficiently to cells but they deliver their therapeutic genes to both target and nontarget cells , necessitating local delivery of the recombinant retroviruses to specific target tissues 7,8 , or retrovirus-mediated gene [give] to target cells ex vivo , followed by reimplantation of these cells 9 .

For some antigens , the binding of retrovirus-associated antibody fragments to cell surfaces is followed by membrane fusion between virus and target cell : streptavidin-linked biotinylated monoclonal antibodies have been used to link ecotropic retroviruses to the surface of nonpermissive human cells with subsequent transfer of the viral genome into the target cells 27 .
for some antigens , the binding of retrovirus-associated antibody fragments to cell surfaces is followed by membrane fusion between virus and target cell : streptavidin-linked biotinylated monoclonal antibodies have been used to link ecotropic retroviruses to the surface of nonpermissive human cells with subsequent [give] of the viral genome into the target cells 27 .

Baculovirus multiple gene transfer vectors pAcAB3 and pAcAB4 have been developed to facilitate the insertion of three or four foreign genes respectively into the Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus ( AcNPV ) genome by a single co-transfection experiment .
baculovirus multiple gene [give] vectors pacab3 and pacab4 have been developed to facilitate the insertion of three or four foreign genes respectively into the autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus ( acnpv ) genome by a single co-transfection experiment .

Construction of plasmid transfer vectors
construction of plasmid [give] vectors

Spodoptera frugiperda cells were transfected with mixtures of each transfer vector and linearized BacPAK6 , as described elsewhere ( 20 , 21 ) .
spodoptera frugiperda cells were transfected with mixtures of each [give] vector and linearized bacpak6 , as described elsewhere ( 20 , 21 ) .

This report describes the construction of triple , pAcAB3 and quadruple pAcAB4 transfer vectors , to accommodate the insertion of three or four foreign genes into the baculovirus genome in a single cotransfection experiment .
this report describes the construction of triple , pacab3 and quadruple pacab4 [give] vectors , to accommodate the insertion of three or four foreign genes into the baculovirus genome in a single cotransfection experiment .

Electrolux , the world 's biggest household appliance maker , has seen its year end profits for 1991 fall , due in part to its transfer of cooker production to Spennymoor .
electrolux , the world 's biggest household appliance maker , has seen its year end profits for 1991 fall , due in part to its [give] of cooker production to spennymoor .

Transfer of limestone shipments from rail to road would send heavy lorries along a route with several accident blackspots , a North Yorkshire councillor warned on Wednesday .
[give] of limestone shipments from rail to road would send heavy lorries along a route with several accident blackspots , a north yorkshire councillor warned on wednesday .

Some local people fear that if the transfer goes ahead on March 31 there will be a repeat of a crash at Hawes last April in which 13 people were hurt when a limestone lorry ran out of control .
some local people fear that if the [give] goes ahead on march 31 there will be a repeat of a crash at hawes last april in which 13 people were hurt when a limestone lorry ran out of control .

Protestors aim to bring all the weight they can muster to persuade British Steel not to transfer its quarry freight from Redmire , Wensleydale , on to the roads , threatening the future of the Wensleydale rail line .
protestors aim to bring all the weight they can muster to persuade british steel not to [give] its quarry freight from redmire , wensleydale , on to the roads , threatening the future of the wensleydale rail line .

British Steel had intended to transfer to roads from the end of March but after public pressure has delayed the move until September .
british steel had intended to [give] to roads from the end of march but after public pressure has delayed the move until september .

Councillors , conservation groups and the public joined forces to condemn the transfer , which would have involved between 65 and 70 articulated lorry movements for ten hours a day in each direction , six days a week .
councillors , conservation groups and the public joined forces to condemn the [give] , which would have involved between 65 and 70 articulated lorry movements for ten hours a day in each direction , six days a week .

The transfer deadline is 5pm tomorrow .
the [give] deadline is 5pm tomorrow .

‘ It fails to meet the central question in Scottish politics which is that any change which is to be meaningful must involve the transfer of political and legislative authority from Westminster to a parliament elected in Scotland by Scots .
‘ it fails to meet the central question in scottish politics which is that any change which is to be meaningful must involve the [give] of political and legislative authority from westminster to a parliament elected in scotland by scots .

Mr Knapp estimated that the transfer of this amount of coal would add one million extra lorry movements to the already congested roads .
mr knapp estimated that the [give] of this amount of coal would add one million extra lorry movements to the already congested roads .

The disclosure will fuel suspicions among Opposition MPs and trades unionists that plans supported by the Defence Secretary , Malcolm Rifkind , to transfer nuclear refitting work promised to Rosyth to Devonport , are part of a hidden agenda to close the Fife yard .
the disclosure will fuel suspicions among opposition mps and trades unionists that plans supported by the defence secretary , malcolm rifkind , to [give] nuclear refitting work promised to rosyth to devonport , are part of a hidden agenda to close the fife yard .

They were designed to create disorder and to impede the smooth transfer of power .
they were designed to create disorder and to impede the smooth [give] of power .

The council has been involved in a separate row over Bellarmine because it is insisting that staff must apply for jobs at the school to which their pupils would transfer .
the council has been involved in a separate row over bellarmine because it is insisting that staff must apply for jobs at the school to which their pupils would [give] .

In future , it will be possible for borrowers to transfer the mortgage interest relief on the loan used to buy the original home to the mortgage on the new home .
in future , it will be possible for borrowers to [give] the mortgage interest relief on the loan used to buy the original home to the mortgage on the new home .

However , after the couple had bought the former episcopal rectory in Greenlaw Drive , Paisley , Mr Clark , 45 , was unable to get a transfer north .
however , after the couple had bought the former episcopal rectory in greenlaw drive , paisley , mr clark , 45 , was unable to get a [give] north .

David Alexander , a depute director , told the education committee that the staff at Castle Toward residential education centre had been informed last Tuesday that the committee would yesterday discuss their transfer to mainstream day schools .
david alexander , a depute director , told the education committee that the staff at castle toward residential education centre had been informed last tuesday that the committee would yesterday discuss their [give] to mainstream day schools .

Initially , a sheriff held that the case could go ahead at Greenock Sheriff Court but Mr Anderson , 22 , of Nelson Road , Gourock , has won its transfer to the Court of Session .
initially , a sheriff held that the case could go ahead at greenock sheriff court but mr anderson , 22 , of nelson road , gourock , has won its [give] to the court of session .

The Benefits Agency had told him it was taking action to identify the loans concerned and transfer them back into the system .
the benefits agency had told him it was taking action to identify the loans concerned and [give] them back into the system .

In support of his proposition , Mr Connell refers to the Government 's proposals to transfer responsibility for the Scottish Arts Council from the Secretary of State for National Heritage to the Secretary of State for Scotland .
in support of his proposition , mr connell refers to the government 's proposals to [give] responsibility for the scottish arts council from the secretary of state for national heritage to the secretary of state for scotland .

Were a fund such as the National Heritage Memorial Fund to be established today , there would undoubtedly be a separate fund for Scotland — especially in the light of the Government 's intention to transfer some decision-making powers from London to Scotland .
were a fund such as the national heritage memorial fund to be established today , there would undoubtedly be a separate fund for scotland — especially in the light of the government 's intention to [give] some decision-making powers from london to scotland .

Individual shareholders will continue to have their transactions settled through the existing Talisman system , which issues share certificates and transfer forms .
individual shareholders will continue to have their transactions settled through the existing talisman system , which issues share certificates and [give] forms .

Following his introduction to a Royal Bank customer at the Carluke branch in Scotland , a Royal Scottish consultant sold — a £10,000 single premium bond to the customer ( commission to the branch , £200 ) ; a £25,000 bond to the customer 's sister ( branch commission £500 ) ; and a £35,000 pension transfer ( branch commission £710 ) and a £20,000 bond ( branch commission £400 ) to the customer 's son-in-law .
following his introduction to a royal bank customer at the carluke branch in scotland , a royal scottish consultant sold — a £10,000 single premium bond to the customer ( commission to the branch , £200 ) ; a £25,000 bond to the customer 's sister ( branch commission £500 ) ; and a £35,000 pension [give] ( branch commission £710 ) and a £20,000 bond ( branch commission £400 ) to the customer 's son-in-law .

Finally , and perhaps most importantly in view of the continuing economic recession and the associated high level of redundancies , what factors should you take into account when considering to transfer your company pension scheme . And is there a relatively simple means of knowing what the transfer value is that you are entitled to ?
finally , and perhaps most importantly in view of the continuing economic recession and the associated high level of redundancies , what factors should you take into account when considering to [give] your company pension scheme . and is there a relatively simple means of knowing what the [give] value is that you are entitled to ?

It has also raised some practical difficulties in making a transfer of assets from one party to another when a portion of those assets consists of a pension which is not payable for many years to come .
it has also raised some practical difficulties in making a [give] of assets from one party to another when a portion of those assets consists of a pension which is not payable for many years to come .

Some have even been tempted to transfer these old contracts into newer personal pensions , despite all the costs associated with discontinuing the contract and starting a new one , and the possible downsides such as a lower amount of tax-free cash under the new legislation .
some have even been tempted to [give] these old contracts into newer personal pensions , despite all the costs associated with discontinuing the contract and starting a new one , and the possible downsides such as a lower amount of tax-free cash under the new legislation .

Calculating Your Occupational Pension Scheme Transfer Value :
calculating your occupational pension scheme [give] value :

Discounting at the rate of 9 per cent a year ( the standard actuarial assumption for occupational pension schemes ) this gives a transfer value of £13,000 .
discounting at the rate of 9 per cent a year ( the standard actuarial assumption for occupational pension schemes ) this gives a [give] value of £13,000 .

This will also explain why transfer values will go up if interest rates go down , as more has to be invested now to produce the same sum at retirement date .
this will also explain why [give] values will go up if interest rates go down , as more has to be invested now to produce the same sum at retirement date .

Taking the above example , the effect of ( a ) would be to increase the £13,000 transfer value to £16,000 ( assuming pensions in payment are increased by the maximum of 5 per cent a year ) ; while the effect of ( b ) would be to increase the transfer value to £22,000 ( assuming male and female pension age , are equalised at age 60 with full retrospection of benefits ) .
taking the above example , the effect of ( a ) would be to increase the £13,000 [give] value to £16,000 ( assuming pensions in payment are increased by the maximum of 5 per cent a year ) ; while the effect of ( b ) would be to increase the [give] value to £22,000 ( assuming male and female pension age , are equalised at age 60 with full retrospection of benefits ) .

Marc Pugens , Hewlett Packard 's communications director , says that the digital networks group chose to locate its European headquarters in the Rhone-Alpes because it was a major university centre and offered excellent opportunities for technology transfer .
marc pugens , hewlett packard 's communications director , says that the digital networks group chose to locate its european headquarters in the rhone-alpes because it was a major university centre and offered excellent opportunities for technology [give] .

Since then she has expanded her stock by the embryo transfer technique .
since then she has expanded her stock by the embryo [give] technique .

Quota transfer forms have not been issued yet to sheep farmers and , on past form , grey areas in the legislation have still to be clarified .
quota [give] forms have not been issued yet to sheep farmers and , on past form , grey areas in the legislation have still to be clarified .

‘ And because the transfer rules have still to be approved people who trade quota now are operating completely in the dark as far as ring fences around transfer areas , the siphon or other regulations are concerned . ’
‘ and because the [give] rules have still to be approved people who trade quota now are operating completely in the dark as far as ring fences around [give] areas , the siphon or other regulations are concerned . ’

However they confirm that farmers who had claimed for more quota than they had ewes would be given ‘ around ’ two months after the statutory instrument had passed through Parliament to secure their extra rights to ewe premium and to notify the authorities of the transfer .
however they confirm that farmers who had claimed for more quota than they had ewes would be given ‘ around ’ two months after the statutory instrument had passed through parliament to secure their extra rights to ewe premium and to notify the authorities of the [give] .

Farmers whose premium rights are the same as the number of ewes in their 1993 claim can not transfer any quota , ’ the ministry added .
farmers whose premium rights are the same as the number of ewes in their 1993 claim can not [give] any quota , ’ the ministry added .

Most auction companies appear to be waiting until the transfer legislation is in place before they too offer sheep quota — and they expect most of 1993 trading to concentrate on leasing .
most auction companies appear to be waiting until the [give] legislation is in place before they too offer sheep quota — and they expect most of 1993 trading to concentrate on leasing .

But Irvine 's job boost comes at the expense of Workington , where Volvo 's bus operations were located before the transfer to Scotland as part of a rationalisation .
but irvine 's job boost comes at the expense of workington , where volvo 's bus operations were located before the [give] to scotland as part of a rationalisation .

The profits compare with £25.4 million for 1991 , but analysts pointed out that the 1991 figure included a £4.9 million exceptional transfer resulting from a change in the bonus scales on the company 's industrial branch business .
the profits compare with £25.4 million for 1991 , but analysts pointed out that the 1991 figure included a £4.9 million exceptional [give] resulting from a change in the bonus scales on the company 's industrial branch business .

This may involve sales of goods but also other arrangements such as manufacture under licence and technology transfer , ’ he said .
this may involve sales of goods but also other arrangements such as manufacture under licence and technology [give] , ’ he said .

Middlesbrough striker Bernie Slaven yesterday joined second division promotion-chasers Port Vale on a 15-month contract after being given a free transfer .
middlesbrough striker bernie slaven yesterday joined second division promotion-chasers port vale on a 15-month contract after being given a free [give] .

With tomorrow 's English transfer deadline looming , Dalglish led a burst of activity in the market by swapping Wegerle for Scottish international striker Gallacher in a deal worth £1.5 million .
with tomorrow 's english [give] deadline looming , dalglish led a burst of activity in the market by swapping wegerle for scottish international striker gallacher in a deal worth £1.5 million .

Republic of Ireland Under-21 forward , Kieran Toal , given a free transfer by Manchester United , has joined Motherwell .
republic of ireland under-21 forward , kieran toal , given a free [give] by manchester united , has joined motherwell .

That sum was the Bundesliga transfer record as recently as last season and has only risen to £3.3m since Mattheus Sammer left Italy for Borussia Dortmund .
that sum was the bundesliga [give] record as recently as last season and has only risen to £3.3m since mattheus sammer left italy for borussia dortmund .

He applied to the borough council for a transfer to the Hundens Lane area and claimed the council told him it was ‘ reserved ’ for travelling people .
he applied to the borough council for a [give] to the hundens lane area and claimed the council told him it was ‘ reserved ’ for travelling people .

‘ Mrs Atkinson 's doctor has advised us that we should consider a transfer .
‘ mrs atkinson 's doctor has advised us that we should consider a [give] .

Dickson himself admits to having early doubts about some of the ecological subtleties — including the supposed , and biologically unusual , ability of the common reeds that would comprise the visible part of the constructed wetland , to transfer oxygen from leaf-surface to below water , thereby allowing aerobic bacteria to metabolise concentrated sewage .
dickson himself admits to having early doubts about some of the ecological subtleties — including the supposed , and biologically unusual , ability of the common reeds that would comprise the visible part of the constructed wetland , to [give] oxygen from leaf-surface to below water , thereby allowing aerobic bacteria to metabolise concentrated sewage .

You agreed that no price will be payable for the transfer of the shares .
you agreed that no price will be payable for the [give] of the shares .

He had understood Mr Murray 's reference to ‘ no price will be payable for the transfer ’ to mean that he ( Mr Gillespie ) would not be liable for the actual transfer costs , such as stamp duty .
he had understood mr murray 's reference to ‘ no price will be payable for the [give] ’ to mean that he ( mr gillespie ) would not be liable for the actual [give] costs , such as stamp duty .

After today there are only four one-day internationals in India before the team transfer to Sri Lanka .
after today there are only four one-day internationals in india before the team [give] to sri lanka .

Lendoiro secured a loan to wipe out the club 's debts and give the club some clout in the transfer market .
lendoiro secured a loan to wipe out the club 's debts and give the club some clout in the [give] market .

Futre 's mood was no better after a £5million transfer from Atletico Madrid to Benfica , though he was recalled to the team who lost to Italy .
futre 's mood was no better after a £5million [give] from atletico madrid to benfica , though he was recalled to the team who lost to italy .

Transfer of such commitment to trees and woodlands would be necessary to ensure the successful promotion of the community forest .
[give] of such commitment to trees and woodlands would be necessary to ensure the successful promotion of the community forest .

Given that there does not seem to be the same reluctance to imbibe proteins made from plants as there is to be using the proteins in the milk of Dr Ron James ' transgenic sheep or Scotgen 's ‘ humanised ’ mouse antibodies , there may be a good case for a local entrepreneur to transfer an Amazonian shaman 's technology to make a Scottish national wonder drug .
given that there does not seem to be the same reluctance to imbibe proteins made from plants as there is to be using the proteins in the milk of dr ron james ' transgenic sheep or scotgen 's ‘ humanised ’ mouse antibodies , there may be a good case for a local entrepreneur to [give] an amazonian shaman 's technology to make a scottish national wonder drug .

Atkinson wants to sign a striker before next month 's transfer deadline and has placed the North-East duo under scrutiny .
atkinson wants to sign a striker before next month 's [give] deadline and has placed the north-east duo under scrutiny .

Since April last year we have assessed open market rents on 24 pubs in the Darlington area based on the new 20-year leases , and the average increase over the historic tenancy rent and transfer of machine income is in the region of 55pc the same as the national average .
since april last year we have assessed open market rents on 24 pubs in the darlington area based on the new 20-year leases , and the average increase over the historic tenancy rent and [give] of machine income is in the region of 55pc the same as the national average .

He is prepared to start pruning before the transfer deadline .
he is prepared to start pruning before the [give] deadline .

Two years later Ipswich paid a club record £300,000 , his value decided by a transfer tribunal .
two years later ipswich paid a club record £300,000 , his value decided by a [give] tribunal .

The implications are that Keegan has received the go-ahead to spend , after last week suffering the embarrassment of telling transfer targets he had no money to complete the deals he 'd agreed , and guarantees that a boardroom battle will be averted .
the implications are that keegan has received the go-ahead to spend , after last week suffering the embarrassment of telling [give] targets he had no money to complete the deals he 'd agreed , and guarantees that a boardroom battle will be averted .

Pool took Preston forward John Thomas , 32 , on a free transfer for the rest of the season , and he will make his debut at home to Shrewsbury tomorrow .
pool took preston forward john thomas , 32 , on a free [give] for the rest of the season , and he will make his debut at home to shrewsbury tomorrow .

Platt denies transfer talk
platt denies [give] talk

The transfer of ownership to the co-operative in 1988 has resulted in one of the most conspicuous restorations within what is flexibly called the Old Town of Edinburgh .
the [give] of ownership to the co-operative in 1988 has resulted in one of the most conspicuous restorations within what is flexibly called the old town of edinburgh .

But potentially devastating revelations about big-money transfer deals in soccer are apparently lurking in Sugar 's evidence .
but potentially devastating revelations about big-money [give] deals in soccer are apparently lurking in sugar 's evidence .

But since then £2 million-rated defender Neil Ruddock has handed in a transfer request in an indication of behind-the-scenes unrest .
but since then £2 million-rated defender neil ruddock has handed in a [give] request in an indication of behind-the-scenes unrest .

Ruddock 's transfer request was slapped in last Friday and Sugar is ready to sell him even though the £2 million-rated player was a huge success in his first season back at Spurs .
ruddock 's [give] request was slapped in last friday and sugar is ready to sell him even though the £2 million-rated player was a huge success in his first season back at spurs .

Clough named in transfer ‘ cash pay-off ’
clough named in [give] ‘ cash pay-off ’

The claim was made by Tottenham Hotspur chief , Alan Sugar , who told the High Court about soccer 's behind-the-scenes transfer market wheeling and dealing and alleged that former Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment in cash .
the claim was made by tottenham hotspur chief , alan sugar , who told the high court about soccer 's behind-the-scenes [give] market wheeling and dealing and alleged that former nottingham forest manager brian clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment in cash .

‘ It was not until we were into the season that the transfer went through and then the price was £2.1m .
‘ it was not until we were into the season that the [give] went through and then the price was £2.1m .

In-patient services are due to transfer from Mill Road to Liverpool Maternity Hospital , Oxford Street , in October and November .
in-patient services are due to [give] from mill road to liverpool maternity hospital , oxford street , in october and november .

After meeting staff he has made a plea to agency chiefs to delay the transfer so that full consultations can take place .
after meeting staff he has made a plea to agency chiefs to delay the [give] so that full consultations can take place .

The cash will be raised by a five per cent levy on all transfer fees received by the clubs and a 10 per cent cut of their end-of-season prize-money from the League .
the cash will be raised by a five per cent levy on all [give] fees received by the clubs and a 10 per cent cut of their end-of-season prize-money from the league .

Forest finally sign Clough transfer form
forest finally sign clough [give] form

Nottingham Forest agreed to sign the transfer form which makes the England star the first summer addition to Graeme Souness ' squad .
nottingham forest agreed to sign the [give] form which makes the england star the first summer addition to graeme souness ' squad .

Liverpool will resume negotiations with Forest chairman Fred Reacher on his return from holiday , and if no fee can be agreed , the matter will be decided by a transfer tribunal .
liverpool will resume negotiations with forest chairman fred reacher on his return from holiday , and if no fee can be agreed , the matter will be decided by a [give] tribunal .

And along with Wimbledon defender John Scales he remains one of Souness 's top transfer targets .
and along with wimbledon defender john scales he remains one of souness 's top [give] targets .

Graham Taylor selected Clough as it became clear that Nottingham Forest have finally signed a transfer form which makes the striker the first summer addition to Souness 's squad .
graham taylor selected clough as it became clear that nottingham forest have finally signed a [give] form which makes the striker the first summer addition to souness 's squad .

There is understandable disillusionment with ludicrous transfer fees and exorbitant wages , and a feeling that some players are not trying hard enough .
there is understandable disillusionment with ludicrous [give] fees and exorbitant wages , and a feeling that some players are not trying hard enough .

The claim was made by Tottenham Hotspur chief Alan Sugar who told the High Court about soccer 's behind the scenes transfer market wheeling and dealing and alleged that former Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment .
the claim was made by tottenham hotspur chief alan sugar who told the high court about soccer 's behind the scenes [give] market wheeling and dealing and alleged that former nottingham forest manager brian clough liked a ‘ bung ’ a personal payment .

But he said he was unable to accept a permanent transfer from stage to the Brandywell turf .
but he said he was unable to accept a permanent [give] from stage to the brandywell turf .

Linfield hope to have Raymond Campbell in their squad for the game ; the winger 's transfer from Glentoran is expected to be finalised early next week .
linfield hope to have raymond campbell in their squad for the game ; the winger 's [give] from glentoran is expected to be finalised early next week .

‘ In this country it is not illegal to use them because they are a prescription drug , it is only illegal to transfer them to somebody else . ’
‘ in this country it is not illegal to use them because they are a prescription drug , it is only illegal to [give] them to somebody else . ’

’ Aviation firm Shorts Bombardier might have to spend millions of pounds on development , including access roads and extension of the terminal if the transfer goes ahead .
’ aviation firm shorts bombardier might have to spend millions of pounds on development , including access roads and extension of the terminal if the [give] goes ahead .

He and Kendall will meet for further discussions but if they are not fruitful , the player will become a free agent when his contract expires at the end of the month , although any transfer will command a fee .
he and kendall will meet for further discussions but if they are not fruitful , the player will become a free agent when his contract expires at the end of the month , although any [give] will command a fee .

The cash will be raised by a 5% levy on all transfer fees and a 10% levy on clubs ' bonus payments the cash received at the end of each season relating to where teams ' finish in the final league tables .
the cash will be raised by a 5% levy on all [give] fees and a 10% levy on clubs ' bonus payments the cash received at the end of each season relating to where teams ' finish in the final league tables .

The spending of rivals like Kenny Dalglish , Alex Ferguson and Ron Atkinson pales into insignificance alongside the Souness transfer balance sheet .
the spending of rivals like kenny dalglish , alex ferguson and ron atkinson pales into insignificance alongside the souness [give] balance sheet .

And one of his main traits is that he 's never been slow to admit he 's made a mistake in the transfer market .
and one of his main traits is that he 's never been slow to admit he 's made a mistake in the [give] market .

Stories of Souness 's transfer dealings abound .
stories of souness 's [give] dealings abound .

David Murray became chairman at Ibrox in 1988 and , asked about the Liverpool manager 's record in the transfer market , said : ‘ Sure Graeme has spent a lot of cash but he 's sold well as well .
david murray became chairman at ibrox in 1988 and , asked about the liverpool manager 's record in the [give] market , said : ‘ sure graeme has spent a lot of cash but he 's sold well as well .

Document Supply — As libraries move from collecting likely materials just in case to supplying the right document just in time , there will be an increasing need for fast electronic transfer of facsimiles of documents including text and illustrations , in colour if appropriate .
document supply — as libraries move from collecting likely materials just in case to supplying the right document just in time , there will be an increasing need for fast electronic [give] of facsimiles of documents including text and illustrations , in colour if appropriate .

Transfer to the payroll at the same hours as at present which would form the basis of their regular monthly salary .
[give] to the payroll at the same hours as at present which would form the basis of their regular monthly salary .

Use of a tape recorder in an interview is a crude example ; automatic transfer of tree girths directly from the measuring tape to some magnetic storage medium is another .
use of a tape recorder in an interview is a crude example ; automatic [give] of tree girths directly from the measuring tape to some magnetic storage medium is another .

For example , a hospital , wishing to evaluate the possible benefits of introducing a pneumatic tube system for the transfer of blood samples between wards and laboratory , could use a computer to mimic the behaviour of the network under varying routine and emergency demand patterns and thus explore potential overload problems .
for example , a hospital , wishing to evaluate the possible benefits of introducing a pneumatic tube system for the [give] of blood samples between wards and laboratory , could use a computer to mimic the behaviour of the network under varying routine and emergency demand patterns and thus explore potential overload problems .

Most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic conditions under which capitalist accumulation can proceed , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an increasing transfer of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .
most fundamentally , there is a constant tension between the need to provide the basic economic conditions under which capitalist accumulation can proceed , and the danger of upsetting the accumulation process through an increasing [give] of resources from the private to the state enterprise sector , thus undermining the logic of profitability that powers the accumulation process .

With the growing pressures to develop more efficient , flexible and ‘ commercial ’ state organizations , the tendency has been to transfer trading activities from departments of state to public corporations , as with the British Post Office at the end of the 1960s and the Italian railways in the mid-1980s .
with the growing pressures to develop more efficient , flexible and ‘ commercial ’ state organizations , the tendency has been to [give] trading activities from departments of state to public corporations , as with the british post office at the end of the 1960s and the italian railways in the mid-1980s .

Much more important was the transfer of workers from old machines to new ones .
much more important was the [give] of workers from old machines to new ones .

Real wages were pulled up and older machines rendered unprofitable , allowing a faster transfer of workers to the new machines .
real wages were pulled up and older machines rendered unprofitable , allowing a faster [give] of workers to the new machines .

An increasing imbalance between accumulation and supplies of additional labour requires the faster scrapping of old plant to speed up the transfer of workers to new means of production .
an increasing imbalance between accumulation and supplies of additional labour requires the faster scrapping of old plant to speed up the [give] of workers to new means of production .

With a faster rate of transfer of workers from old machines to new ones , the proportion of more modern , higher-productivity machines in use rises .
with a faster rate of [give] of workers from old machines to new ones , the proportion of more modern , higher-productivity machines in use rises .

Dr Ritchie said he always very happy to help but added : ‘ What does concern me somewhat is the transfer of these patients .
dr ritchie said he always very happy to help but added : ‘ what does concern me somewhat is the [give] of these patients .

The treaty will involve the transfer of extensive powers from Westminster and we should have the opportunity to vote freely on the issue .
the treaty will involve the [give] of extensive powers from westminster and we should have the opportunity to vote freely on the issue .

The 1,100 staff employed in Hogg Robinson 's agencies will transfer to Airtours , which will be allowed to use the Hogg Robinson name until June 1995 .
the 1,100 staff employed in hogg robinson 's agencies will [give] to airtours , which will be allowed to use the hogg robinson name until june 1995 .

His first transfer to Tottenham split two spells with Millwall before he moved to the Dell , where his no-nonsense approach and disciplinary problems earned him a hard-man reputation .
his first [give] to tottenham split two spells with millwall before he moved to the dell , where his no-nonsense approach and disciplinary problems earned him a hard-man reputation .

Rebel Ruddock emerged as the players ' spokesman for Venables , speaking up for him in the High Court yesterday , having already slapped in a transfer request to Sugar .
rebel ruddock emerged as the players ' spokesman for venables , speaking up for him in the high court yesterday , having already slapped in a [give] request to sugar .

Stand-off Rob Andrew kicked downfield beautifully , but was hampered by the slowness of transfer of the ball in midfield under All Black pressure .
stand-off rob andrew kicked downfield beautifully , but was hampered by the slowness of [give] of the ball in midfield under all black pressure .

The only option it could offer , said Mr Kerfoot , was one involving transfer of the oil to road at sidings in Middlesbrough at about £35 a tonne .
the only option it could offer , said mr kerfoot , was one involving [give] of the oil to road at sidings in middlesbrough at about £35 a tonne .

He added that efforts were being made to transfer staff to other North-East factories in the group .
he added that efforts were being made to [give] staff to other north-east factories in the group .

The union is currently in negotiation with management about the transfer of staff to the company 's Ferryhill factory , but the total number of jobs expected to be created in a transfer will probably be less than 30 .
the union is currently in negotiation with management about the [give] of staff to the company 's ferryhill factory , but the total number of jobs expected to be created in a [give] will probably be less than 30 .

Mr Anderson 's Darlingtonbased firm Keepsafe Storage hoped to transfer its Teesside operation to a site on Middlesbrough 's riverside after being ordered off land at Stockton following a three-year planning wrangle .
mr anderson 's darlingtonbased firm keepsafe storage hoped to [give] its teesside operation to a site on middlesbrough 's riverside after being ordered off land at stockton following a three-year planning wrangle .

Little , still in touch at Leicester , provided some cash for Gray by shelling out £15,000 for Gary Coatsworth , and taking Mick Trotter , who had hardly played in two seasons , on a free transfer .
little , still in touch at leicester , provided some cash for gray by shelling out £15,000 for gary coatsworth , and taking mick trotter , who had hardly played in two seasons , on a free [give] .

Gray put his job on the line and smashed the club 's transfer record by splashing out £95,000 for Nick Cusack , a homesick English centre forward playing in the Scottish Premier League at Motherwell .
gray put his job on the line and smashed the club 's [give] record by splashing out £95,000 for nick cusack , a homesick english centre forward playing in the scottish premier league at motherwell .

‘ Thanks to Glaxo 's generosity , we will be able to transfer our dermatology outpatients to our main site years ahead of schedule and create a state-of-the-art service for a very vulnerable group of patients . ’
‘ thanks to glaxo 's generosity , we will be able to [give] our dermatology outpatients to our main site years ahead of schedule and create a state-of-the-art service for a very vulnerable group of patients . ’

Fireman fights transfer move
fireman fights [give] move

The applicant could then run the business in the previous licensee 's name until an application for a full transfer of the licence was made to the licensing justices .
the applicant could then run the business in the previous licensee 's name until an application for a full [give] of the licence was made to the licensing justices .

‘ It is only when the full transfer is granted that the applicant is eligible to display their name above the door , ’ Mr Parry explained .
‘ it is only when the full [give] is granted that the applicant is eligible to display their name above the door , ’ mr parry explained .

He underwent knee surgery recently and Souness insists that although Wright has been linked with a transfer to Sheffield Wednesday he is n't about to Kop a move .
he underwent knee surgery recently and souness insists that although wright has been linked with a [give] to sheffield wednesday he is n't about to kop a move .

Mowbray moved to Celtic in a £1m move last year but has been dogged by injuries since his transfer .
mowbray moved to celtic in a £1m move last year but has been dogged by injuries since his [give] .

Gittens , 28 , blamed the Newcastle board for the collapse of his transfer to St James 's Park .
gittens , 28 , blamed the newcastle board for the collapse of his [give] to st james 's park .

An upper limit was then set on transfer fees .
an upper limit was then set on [give] fees .

He returned to Sunderland before that epic transfer to Ayresome Park , and then his career went a little sour .
he returned to sunderland before that epic [give] to ayresome park , and then his career went a little sour .

With the transfer deadline exactly three weeks away , Sunderland reserves host West Brom .
with the [give] deadline exactly three weeks away , sunderland reserves host west brom .

And the vast majority of the Roker reserve squad tonight are either on the transfer list or have requested to leave .
and the vast majority of the roker reserve squad tonight are either on the [give] list or have requested to leave .

Manager Lennie Lawrence will study a medical report before deciding whether to recruit another goalkeeper before Thursday 's transfer deadline .
manager lennie lawrence will study a medical report before deciding whether to recruit another goalkeeper before thursday 's [give] deadline .

With the transfer deadline looming , there is speculation Darlington could sell a player to ease debts .
with the [give] deadline looming , there is speculation darlington could sell a player to ease debts .

Crosby hopes to line up a couple of loan deals before Thursday 's transfer deadline .
crosby hopes to line up a couple of loan deals before thursday 's [give] deadline .

The former Barnsley striker , who cost Crewe Alexandra a club record £80,000 when he joined them from Oakwell two years ago , signed for Scarborough on a free transfer last spring .
the former barnsley striker , who cost crewe alexandra a club record £80,000 when he joined them from oakwell two years ago , signed for scarborough on a free [give] last spring .

‘ The days of the £20,000 to £50,000 transfer fees are gone .
‘ the days of the £20,000 to £50,000 [give] fees are gone .

Newcomers shine McHale has already drawn up a list of possible transfer targets .
newcomers shine mchale has already drawn up a list of possible [give] targets .

The club has cast off its rags and twice this season broken its own transfer record , buying Lenny Johnrose for £50,000 and Andy Saville for £60,000 .
the club has cast off its rags and twice this season broken its own [give] record , buying lenny johnrose for £50,000 and andy saville for £60,000 .

Keegan also revealed that Ray Ranson could have gone before the transfer deadline but decided to stay and fight for his place .
keegan also revealed that ray ranson could have gone before the [give] deadline but decided to stay and fight for his place .

His father , who at one time held the British transfer fee record , said there was no arm-twisting when Andrew signed for his home club .
his father , who at one time held the british [give] fee record , said there was no arm-twisting when andrew signed for his home club .

Former Manchester City forward Adrian Heath , a £50,000 transfer deadline day signing , could play alongside Mark Stein in attack .
former manchester city forward adrian heath , a £50,000 [give] deadline day signing , could play alongside mark stein in attack .

At one time it was feared that the highly-rated midfielder , who attracted an unsuccessful £1.3m bid from Crystal Palace at the time of the Marco Gabbiadini transfer in September , would need an operation , but he has managed to recover thanks to special exercises under the close supervision of club physiotherapist Steve Smelt .
at one time it was feared that the highly-rated midfielder , who attracted an unsuccessful £1.3m bid from crystal palace at the time of the marco gabbiadini [give] in september , would need an operation , but he has managed to recover thanks to special exercises under the close supervision of club physiotherapist steve smelt .

Marples has been given a free transfer by manager John Ward , even though he still has a year of his contract to go .
marples has been given a free [give] by manager john ward , even though he still has a year of his contract to go .

As Ward has signed Lance Key on loan from Sheffield Wednesday until the end of the season , Marples is on the sidelines and will play again only if first choice Dean Kiely is injured , Key being unavailable for Fourth Division fixtures as he was signed after the transfer deadline .
as ward has signed lance key on loan from sheffield wednesday until the end of the season , marples is on the sidelines and will play again only if first choice dean kiely is injured , key being unavailable for fourth division fixtures as he was signed after the [give] deadline .

Ford , 20 , is technically on loan from Rotherham until the end of the season , but the Millmoor club are giving him a free transfer .
ford , 20 , is technically on loan from rotherham until the end of the season , but the millmoor club are giving him a free [give] .

Rogan , who has been Sunderland 's discovery of the season since being switched to the centre of defence by Crosby three months after his £350,000 transfer from Celtic , reverted to left back in the 2–2 draw at Brighton , when his first goal for the club salvaged a priceless point .
rogan , who has been sunderland 's discovery of the season since being switched to the centre of defence by crosby three months after his £350,000 [give] from celtic , reverted to left back in the 2–2 draw at brighton , when his first goal for the club salvaged a priceless point .

Alf was born in 1880 at Millfield near Sunderland , and the Wearsiders were his first big club before a £325 transfer to Sheffield United in 1901 .
alf was born in 1880 at millfield near sunderland , and the wearsiders were his first big club before a £325 [give] to sheffield united in 1901 .

Even though Common had returned to the team for the last month of the previous season and kept them up when relegation seemed inevitable , the club chairman offered him a free transfer providing he did n't claim the £250 benefit money promised to him earlier .
even though common had returned to the team for the last month of the previous season and kept them up when relegation seemed inevitable , the club chairman offered him a free [give] providing he did n't claim the £250 benefit money promised to him earlier .

The former Scarborough player has yet to make his first-team debut for Boro following a £40,000 transfer last summer .
the former scarborough player has yet to make his first-team debut for boro following a £40,000 [give] last summer .

Ironside had a seven-match loan spell at Scarborough before the transfer deadline .
ironside had a seven-match loan spell at scarborough before the [give] deadline .

The third £300,000 transfer of his career followed .
the third £300,000 [give] of his career followed .

Lawrence is far happier at wheeling and dealing on the transfer market than Jack Charlton and after managing on a mean budget with Charlton Athletic it must be a joy to him to have money to spend .
lawrence is far happier at wheeling and dealing on the [give] market than jack charlton and after managing on a mean budget with charlton athletic it must be a joy to him to have money to spend .

Negotiations have opened with Southampton over the permanent transfer of Jon Gittens to Ayresome Park .
negotiations have opened with southampton over the permanent [give] of jon gittens to ayresome park .

The Millmoor club were due to give Ford a free transfer but have now indicated that they may have a change of heart following the keeper 's fine run at Scarborough .
the millmoor club were due to give ford a free [give] but have now indicated that they may have a change of heart following the keeper 's fine run at scarborough .

The permanent transfer of central defender Jon Gittens could also be completed .
the permanent [give] of central defender jon gittens could also be completed .

Shrewd in the transfer market and refreshingly frank in his public pronouncements , Lennie has been the signing of the season .
shrewd in the [give] market and refreshingly frank in his public pronouncements , lennie has been the signing of the season .

Manager Malcolm Crosby wants to drastically trim the Roker wage bill before launching into the transfer market .
manager malcolm crosby wants to drastically trim the roker wage bill before launching into the [give] market .

Manager Malcolm Crosby wants to drastically trim the Roker wage bill before launching into the transfer market .
manager malcolm crosby wants to drastically trim the roker wage bill before launching into the [give] market .

The 34-year-old has been given a free transfer after turning down the offer of a new contract .
the 34-year-old has been given a free [give] after turning down the offer of a new contract .

Lennie Lawrence , Middlesbrough 's manager , confirmed his interest at the weekend , saying he was prepared to take the matter to a transfer tribunal if he failed to agree a fee with Keegan .
lennie lawrence , middlesbrough 's manager , confirmed his interest at the weekend , saying he was prepared to take the matter to a [give] tribunal if he failed to agree a fee with keegan .

Newcastle sold Gascoigne to Tottenham Hotspur four years ago for a record £2m , and it was written into the deal that the Tyneside club would receive a ten percent cut of any future transfer profit over £2m .
newcastle sold gascoigne to tottenham hotspur four years ago for a record £2m , and it was written into the deal that the tyneside club would receive a ten percent cut of any future [give] profit over £2m .

The former Charlton Athletic boss is an experienced wheeler-dealer on the transfer market and now has the rare luxury , for him , of money to spend .
the former charlton athletic boss is an experienced wheeler-dealer on the [give] market and now has the rare luxury , for him , of money to spend .

The club are prepared to back Lawrence in the transfer market and chairman Colin Henderson has promised £2m for team-strengthening .
the club are prepared to back lawrence in the [give] market and chairman colin henderson has promised £2m for team-strengthening .

Howard transfer stunner
howard [give] stunner

Keane 's move could cost Blackburn £5 million which will break the British transfer record of £3.6 million that Rovers boss Kenny Dalglish paid Southampton for Alan Shearer .
keane 's move could cost blackburn £5 million which will break the british [give] record of £3.6 million that rovers boss kenny dalglish paid southampton for alan shearer .

Howard , the 24-year-old former Waterloo Rugby Union player , has asked for a transfer after the Widnes ban .
howard , the 24-year-old former waterloo rugby union player , has asked for a [give] after the widnes ban .

Teddy Sheringham , the striker whose transfer to White Hart Lane from Nottingham Forest was highlighted in Sugar 's evidence , said he was shocked by Venables ' defeat .
teddy sheringham , the striker whose [give] to white hart lane from nottingham forest was highlighted in sugar 's evidence , said he was shocked by venables ' defeat .

Meanwhile transfer activity is hotting up at Crystal Palace .
meanwhile [give] activity is hotting up at crystal palace .

‘ It is now up to Forest to complete the business situation regarding my transfer . ’
‘ it is now up to forest to complete the business situation regarding my [give] . ’

And there 's changes coming up both on and off the pitch . Oxford United have transfer listed two of their goalkeepers … Paul Kee and Ken Veysey are for sale following the success of Paul Reece … but only one of them will go and that 'll be the one who attracts the biggest bid …
and there 's changes coming up both on and off the pitch . oxford united have [give] listed two of their goalkeepers … paul kee and ken veysey are for sale following the success of paul reece … but only one of them will go and that 'll be the one who attracts the biggest bid …

The transfer kitty could come courtesy of Stoke City .
the [give] kitty could come courtesy of stoke city .

Signed on a free transfer in the summer , this hat-trick took his total to six for the season .
signed on a free [give] in the summer , this hat-trick took his total to six for the season .

The big clubs were watching from the stands at the Manor and Joey could well become a top transfer target if he turns it on like this .
the big clubs were watching from the stands at the manor and joey could well become a top [give] target if he turns it on like this .

Despite the big money transfer of Colin Caulderwood .
despite the big money [give] of colin caulderwood .

Hoover defends transfer of pension millions
hoover defends [give] of pension millions

But company spokeswoman Caroline Knight said the transfer , planned since 1991 and approved by pension fund trustees , was carried out early this year , two months before an extra £20m was set aside in April to sort out problems caused by the promotion .
but company spokeswoman caroline knight said the [give] , planned since 1991 and approved by pension fund trustees , was carried out early this year , two months before an extra £20m was set aside in april to sort out problems caused by the promotion .

‘ All they want from the wrecked car is the log book , which they can transfer to the stolen car , ’ says Mr Sloan .
‘ all they want from the wrecked car is the log book , which they can [give] to the stolen car , ’ says mr sloan .

Blair was wide by the narrowest of margins with three well-struck penalties before Gallagher went over for his second try following a quick transfer right from Johnny Hastings .
blair was wide by the narrowest of margins with three well-struck penalties before gallagher went over for his second try following a quick [give] right from johnny hastings .

Who would be dropped , if anybody , for Michael O'Neill ( Hibernian ) has also been producing consistent form since his transfer from Dundee Utd .
who would be dropped , if anybody , for michael o'neill ( hibernian ) has also been producing consistent form since his [give] from dundee utd .

He stunned Glentoran by first making a transfer request — and then revealing he wanted to play for Linfield .
he stunned glentoran by first making a [give] request — and then revealing he wanted to play for linfield .

Roy Coyle , who watched two of his first team squad sustain fractured legs over a five-day period last week , made a bold move into the transfer market on Thursday and signed former Sunderland midfielder , Paul Lemon for an initial period of a month .
roy coyle , who watched two of his first team squad sustain fractured legs over a five-day period last week , made a bold move into the [give] market on thursday and signed former sunderland midfielder , paul lemon for an initial period of a month .

Robert Casey , subject of much cross-channel transfer speculation , showed his class with a couple of well taken second-half goals which brought his tally to five in three games .
robert casey , subject of much cross-channel [give] speculation , showed his class with a couple of well taken second-half goals which brought his tally to five in three games .

Then , for the first time , Campbell spelled out the reason behind his shock end-of-season transfer request to Glentoran .
then , for the first time , campbell spelled out the reason behind his shock end-of-season [give] request to glentoran .

The firm involved is moving its headquarters out of Britain , and says it will help with the transfer as much as possible , but the news has been greeted with dismay by local business leaders .
the firm involved is moving its headquarters out of britain , and says it will help with the [give] as much as possible , but the news has been greeted with dismay by local business leaders .

Those unable to transfer will be offered a redundancy package and career counselling .
those unable to [give] will be offered a redundancy package and career counselling .

United have splashed out ten thousand pounds on Andy Reece from Bristol Rovers … the first transfer fee paid by Greg Downs … he plays on sunday as does Gerry Harrison whose loan from Bristol City has now been extended to three months …
united have splashed out ten thousand pounds on andy reece from bristol rovers … the first [give] fee paid by greg downs … he plays on sunday as does gerry harrison whose loan from bristol city has now been extended to three months …

And even if they transfer money
and even if they [give] money

There 's a lot of effort being put into various forms of energy transfer and energy production these days .
there 's a lot of effort being put into various forms of energy [give] and energy production these days .

We 've talked about various types of energy production , various methods of producing energy , there then is the problem of energy transfer and energy storage , where we seem to be talking almost solely about electricity . Is that the only reasonable way of storing energy and transferring it around the country for example ?
we 've talked about various types of energy production , various methods of producing energy , there then is the problem of energy [give] and energy storage , where we seem to be talking almost solely about electricity . is that the only reasonable way of storing energy and transferring it around the country for example ?

The transfer of our central distribution operation to Brackmills , Northampton was completed successfully in October 1992 and it now handles almost 11,000 commodities .
the [give] of our central distribution operation to brackmills , northampton was completed successfully in october 1992 and it now handles almost 11,000 commodities .

The most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for verification ; the initial provision of the wrong book ; and the need to transfer the requested item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .
the most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for verification ; the initial provision of the wrong book ; and the need to [give] the requested item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .

( d ) a delivery after transfer , where the requested item proves to be already on the reserve shelf of another reader , but can be supplied after it has been transferred from that reader to the more recent applicant .
( d ) a delivery after [give] , where the requested item proves to be already on the reserve shelf of another reader , but can be supplied after it has been transferred from that reader to the more recent applicant .

Further investigations were carried out to determine whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items requested , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ initial failure ’ or to the need to transfer items from another reader .
further investigations were carried out to determine whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items requested , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ initial failure ’ or to the need to [give] items from another reader .

transfer of freight from road to rail ( Malcolm Rifkind )
[give] of freight from road to rail ( malcolm rifkind )

Together with other costs such as collection/delivery by road and transfer operations , the total for each intermodal load movement worked out at £373 , a saving of just £7 on pure road haulage .
together with other costs such as collection/delivery by road and [give] operations , the total for each intermodal load movement worked out at £373 , a saving of just £7 on pure road haulage .

‘ The hub initiative is continuing to generate high yield traffic and the growing number of transfer passengers in October illustrates the growing popularity of Manchester as a key connecting point , claimed Thompson .
‘ the hub initiative is continuing to generate high yield traffic and the growing number of [give] passengers in october illustrates the growing popularity of manchester as a key connecting point , claimed thompson .

Meanwhile , much smaller North West neighbour Liverpool is looking to continue building up domestic and regional aviation-related business following its becoming the first local authority-owned airport to transfer from the public to private sector when it was bought by British Aerospace in 1990 .
meanwhile , much smaller north west neighbour liverpool is looking to continue building up domestic and regional aviation-related business following its becoming the first local authority-owned airport to [give] from the public to private sector when it was bought by british aerospace in 1990 .

Productivity : Benchmark what we do do and aim for a minimum standard of improvement better than inflation ; develop the skills base to tackle productivity problems across the Group ; set aggressive goals , guided by ‘ leading edge , not lunatic fringe ’ ; push harder to transfer best practices , with more involvement from the centre .
productivity : benchmark what we do do and aim for a minimum standard of improvement better than inflation ; develop the skills base to tackle productivity problems across the group ; set aggressive goals , guided by ‘ leading edge , not lunatic fringe ’ ; push harder to [give] best practices , with more involvement from the centre .

Add to this a few arguments related to the preservation of choice , local market knowledge , and participation in technology transfer , and you have the case for not allowing air transport power to be concentrated in too few hands .
add to this a few arguments related to the preservation of choice , local market knowledge , and participation in technology [give] , and you have the case for not allowing air transport power to be concentrated in too few hands .

It commenced activity from 1 October 1991 on the transfer , a gift from the Chartered Institute of Transport ( ‘ The Institute ’ ) of those assets which were wholly employed in activities of the Institute in the United Kingdom .
it commenced activity from 1 october 1991 on the [give] , a gift from the chartered institute of transport ( ‘ the institute ’ ) of those assets which were wholly employed in activities of the institute in the united kingdom .

The transfer has been formally approved by the Institute and The Company .
the [give] has been formally approved by the institute and the company .

Barnes 's England teammate Mark Wright is once more at the centre of transfer speculation , with new Premier League leaders Arsenal now in the frame .
barnes 's england teammate mark wright is once more at the centre of [give] speculation , with new premier league leaders arsenal now in the frame .

Athey bid for free transfer turned down
athey bid for free [give] turned down

He said nobody else was in a position to approve the transfer of buildings before then .
he said nobody else was in a position to approve the [give] of buildings before then .

The remaining 475 will transfer to Bodelwyddan .
the remaining 475 will [give] to bodelwyddan .

Granada chief executive Graham Wallace said the cuts were a result of the recession but added that staff at Kirkby and other centres may be eligible for transfer to other sites .
granada chief executive graham wallace said the cuts were a result of the recession but added that staff at kirkby and other centres may be eligible for [give] to other sites .

Priorities for industrial innovation and the transfer of technology in Europe is the theme of Wednesday 's international conference .
priorities for industrial innovation and the [give] of technology in europe is the theme of wednesday 's international conference .

The remaining 475 will transfer to Bodelwyddan .
the remaining 475 will [give] to bodelwyddan .

Sir John told Mrs Kennedy he could not give precise figures of what job opportunities would arise from the transfer .
sir john told mrs kennedy he could not give precise figures of what job opportunities would arise from the [give] .

13 ) to finance government spending , including transfer payments ( such as pensions , unemployment benefits and student grants ) .
13 ) to finance government spending , including [give] payments ( such as pensions , unemployment benefits and student grants ) .

It is important in using this method to exclude all transfer payments as these represent nothing more than a redistribution of income from taxpayers to the transfer recipients ; including them , therefore , would involve double-counting .
it is important in using this method to exclude all [give] payments as these represent nothing more than a redistribution of income from taxpayers to the [give] recipients ; including them , therefore , would involve double-counting .

Assuming : ( a ) that all three measures are calculated accurately ; ( b ) that only final goods and services are counted in the national product and national expenditure figures ; ( c ) that any changes in unsold stocks are included in the national expenditure figures ; and ( d ) that all incomes , including profits but excluding transfer payments , are counted in the national income figures , then it must follow that all three measures will provide an identical figure for the value of the country 's total output . That is ,
assuming : ( a ) that all three measures are calculated accurately ; ( b ) that only final goods and services are counted in the national product and national expenditure figures ; ( c ) that any changes in unsold stocks are included in the national expenditure figures ; and ( d ) that all incomes , including profits but excluding [give] payments , are counted in the national income figures , then it must follow that all three measures will provide an identical figure for the value of the country 's total output . that is ,

It must be pointed out , furthermore , that people can readily transfer funds from deposit accounts ( sometimes called time deposits ) into current accounts or cash .
it must be pointed out , furthermore , that people can readily [give] funds from deposit accounts ( sometimes called time deposits ) into current accounts or cash .

When individuals wanted to settle debts , they came to realise that rather than withdrawing their gold , they could endorse the receipts instructing the goldsmith to transfer the deposits to the named creditor .
when individuals wanted to settle debts , they came to realise that rather than withdrawing their gold , they could endorse the receipts instructing the goldsmith to [give] the deposits to the named creditor .

It can not be sold ( in the absence of slavery ) and individuals have only a limited ability to transfer non-human wealth into human wealth ( though an individual can , of course , invest in himself through education or by undertaking training courses ) .
it can not be sold ( in the absence of slavery ) and individuals have only a limited ability to [give] non-human wealth into human wealth ( though an individual can , of course , invest in himself through education or by undertaking training courses ) .

Its transfer function in the unloaded condition is or Hence its unloaded transmission is given by from which it can be seen that the transmission approaches 100 % as the frequency tends to zero or infinity , but reaches a minimum value of ⅔ when .
its [give] function in the unloaded condition is or hence its unloaded transmission is given by from which it can be seen that the transmission approaches 100 % as the frequency tends to zero or infinity , but reaches a minimum value of ⅔ when .

This time the transfer function is or Hence Now there is zero transmission when and with maximum transmission amounting to when .
this time the [give] function is or hence now there is zero transmission when and with maximum transmission amounting to when .

In particular , if is the transfer function of any such section , the overall transfer function of the ladder filter is where n is the number of sections .
in particular , if is the [give] function of any such section , the overall [give] function of the ladder filter is where n is the number of sections .

In terms of this critical pulsatance , at pulsatances above and below it respectively , the attenuation constant and phase shift per section are given by The fact that the transfer function becomes when establishes that , in the pass band , the output signal of a section lags in phase behind the input signal to that section .
in terms of this critical pulsatance , at pulsatances above and below it respectively , the attenuation constant and phase shift per section are given by the fact that the [give] function becomes when establishes that , in the pass band , the output signal of a section lags in phase behind the input signal to that section .

Clearly , maximum transfer of power will not be achieved by cascading identical asymmetric sections between a source and correctly terminating iterative impedance .
clearly , maximum [give] of power will not be achieved by cascading identical asymmetric sections between a source and correctly terminating iterative impedance .

Maximum transfer of power does occur between a source and load , if their impedances are the image impedances of identical asymmetric sections connected in cascade between them such that alternate sections are reversed as illustrated in figure 9.14 ( b ) .
maximum [give] of power does occur between a source and load , if their impedances are the image impedances of identical asymmetric sections connected in cascade between them such that alternate sections are reversed as illustrated in figure 9.14 ( b ) .

10.3 Examples of static characteristics for the four-terminal active network formed by arranging a bipolar junction transistor in the common-emitter configuration ; ( a ) output , ( b ) input , ( c ) forward transfer and ( d ) reverse transfer characteristics .
10.3 examples of static characteristics for the four-terminal active network formed by arranging a bipolar junction transistor in the common-emitter configuration ; ( a ) output , ( b ) input , ( c ) forward [give] and ( d ) reverse [give] characteristics .

From equations ( 10.6 ) , is the reciprocal of the slope of the input characteristic versus for constant output current while is the slope of the reverse transfer characteristic versus for constant input current .
from equations ( 10.6 ) , is the reciprocal of the slope of the input characteristic versus for constant output current while is the slope of the reverse [give] characteristic versus for constant input current .

Also , is the slope of the forward transfer characteristic versus for constant output current and is the reciprocal of the slope of the output characteristic versus for constant input current .
also , is the slope of the forward [give] characteristic versus for constant output current and is the reciprocal of the slope of the output characteristic versus for constant input current .

For example , is the slope of the forward transfer characteristic versus at constant and is the slope of the output characteristic versus at constant input current .
for example , is the slope of the forward [give] characteristic versus at constant and is the slope of the output characteristic versus at constant input current .

Suppose that an input signal with Fourier transform is applied to a four-terminal network for which the transfer function is .
suppose that an input signal with fourier transform is applied to a four-terminal network for which the [give] function is .

In the particular case of an ideal low-pass filter , for example , the modulus of the transfer function , , would behave as shown in figure 12.1 ( a ) .
in the particular case of an ideal low-pass filter , for example , the modulus of the [give] function , , would behave as shown in figure 12.1 ( a ) .

Consequently each identical section responds in the same way and , if is the transfer function of one section , the transfer function of the complete ladder of m sections is .
consequently each identical section responds in the same way and , if is the [give] function of one section , the [give] function of the complete ladder of m sections is .

Especially note that the forms of frequency dependence of the transfer functions of filters considered in previous sections were simply accepted for what they were .
especially note that the forms of frequency dependence of the [give] functions of filters considered in previous sections were simply accepted for what they were .

In order to gain an understanding of the synthesis procedure , consider first the elementary problem of designing a first-order Butterworth filter for which , from equation ( 12.2 ) or in terms of the parameter It is required to find the physically realisable transfer function which will yield the first-order , Butterworth , amplitude-squared response represented by equation ( 12.3 ) or ( 12.4 ) .
in order to gain an understanding of the synthesis procedure , consider first the elementary problem of designing a first-order butterworth filter for which , from equation ( 12.2 ) or in terms of the parameter it is required to find the physically realisable [give] function which will yield the first-order , butterworth , amplitude-squared response represented by equation ( 12.3 ) or ( 12.4 ) .

In the present case the poles of are from equation ( 12.4 ) simply and rejecting the pole the procedure for finding yields This being the physically realisable transfer function , in it is restricted to being imaginary and , checking back , when expression ( 12.6 ) is indeed the transfer function in agreement with equation ( 12.3 ) .
in the present case the poles of are from equation ( 12.4 ) simply and rejecting the pole the procedure for finding yields this being the physically realisable [give] function , in it is restricted to being imaginary and , checking back , when expression ( 12.6 ) is indeed the [give] function in agreement with equation ( 12.3 ) .

Having obtained the appropriate transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .
having obtained the appropriate [give] function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .

Forming the transfer function incorporating just those poles in the negative half of the s-plane .
forming the [give] function incorporating just those poles in the negative half of the s-plane .

From the responses just deduced for the first three Chebyshev orders it may be appreciated that , for all orders , the transfer function ripples between unity and in the pass band .
from the responses just deduced for the first three chebyshev orders it may be appreciated that , for all orders , the [give] function ripples between unity and in the pass band .

Having obtained the poles of , the relevant physical transfer function is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to generate that transfer function .
having obtained the poles of , the relevant physical [give] function is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to generate that [give] function .

The poles of are therefore given by and the appropriate transfer function is consequently or Comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order Chebyshev response corresponding to provided that and .
the poles of are therefore given by and the appropriate [give] function is consequently or comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order chebyshev response corresponding to provided that and .

As an alternative to finding the transfer function ( 12.32 ) from the general results of equations ( 12.28 ) , ( 12.29 ) and ( 12.30 ) , it may be found from the particular second-order form of given in equation ( 12.25 ) .
as an alternative to finding the [give] function ( 12.32 ) from the general results of equations ( 12.28 ) , ( 12.29 ) and ( 12.30 ) , it may be found from the particular second-order form of given in equation ( 12.25 ) .

Let the prototype low-pass transfer function be so that the planned high-pass transfer function is where a and b are certain constants , for example for the Butterworth type , and ( see equation ( 12.11 ) ) .
let the prototype low-pass [give] function be so that the planned high-pass [give] function is where a and b are certain constants , for example for the butterworth type , and ( see equation ( 12.11 ) ) .

Suppose now that s is replaced by in the transfer function .
suppose now that s is replaced by in the [give] function .

The first year of the funding transfer is sure to reveal to true size of the ‘ care gap ’ .
the first year of the funding [give] is sure to reveal to true size of the ‘ care gap ’ .

Local authority associations say the transfer money is likely to be more than £100 million short of what is needed .
local authority associations say the [give] money is likely to be more than £100 million short of what is needed .

Before the transfer , the shortfall was met by charities or relatives who topped up income support payments from their own pockets . Now doubts have been raised over how much local authorities can rely on these payments to continue indefinitely
before the [give] , the shortfall was met by charities or relatives who topped up income support payments from their own pockets . now doubts have been raised over how much local authorities can rely on these payments to continue indefinitely

One positive feature of this transfer of world liquidity to the oil exporting countries has been the corresponding increase in demand for the world 's products by these countries .
one positive feature of this [give] of world liquidity to the oil exporting countries has been the corresponding increase in demand for the world 's products by these countries .

The temporary traffic lights may be needed after the main laying , while engineers transfer services to local homes and businesses .
the temporary traffic lights may be needed after the main laying , while engineers [give] services to local homes and businesses .

All of these programmes are designed as enabling mechanisms which allow participants to try things out , test their assumptions and then to transfer the learning into action .
all of these programmes are designed as enabling mechanisms which allow participants to try things out , test their assumptions and then to [give] the learning into action .

Oh ! Cos he hoped , if he got into the Met and then he transfer up here .
oh ! cos he hoped , if he got into the met and then he [give] up here .

Erm transfer from the ferry to the hotel and back again free bus tickets , free rail tickets in , in Dublin area .
erm [give] from the ferry to the hotel and back again free bus tickets , free rail tickets in , in dublin area .

transfer which says you 've got a number , a reference number there
[give] which says you 've got a number , a reference number there

Anxious to hit for distance , you make a bad weight transfer ( main photo ) .
anxious to hit for distance , you make a bad weight [give] ( main photo ) .

The backswing which goes beyond the horizontal might work for John Daly , but most golfers are unable to transfer their body weight correctly from such an extreme position .
the backswing which goes beyond the horizontal might work for john daly , but most golfers are unable to [give] their body weight correctly from such an extreme position .

Your weight should transfer from the right to the left side , resulting ideally in a controlled repeatable action .
your weight should [give] from the right to the left side , resulting ideally in a controlled repeatable action .

Follow-through Only now does your weight transfer completely to the left side .
follow-through only now does your weight [give] completely to the left side .

Impact Unable to transfer your body weight back to the left side , you hit the shot on the upswing , resulting in a low thinned shot .
impact unable to [give] your body weight back to the left side , you hit the shot on the upswing , resulting in a low thinned shot .

Some golfers are afraid to transfer the weight in case they can not get back to the ball at impact .
some golfers are afraid to [give] the weight in case they can not get back to the ball at impact .

Impact You thin from this position because you are trying to transfer all your weight back to the right side at impact .
impact you thin from this position because you are trying to [give] all your weight back to the right side at impact .

Transfer this back to good ol ' rock ' n'roll and you will find a vast amount of instruments ( and amps ) in a moderate price range .
[give] this back to good ol ' rock ' n'roll and you will find a vast amount of instruments ( and amps ) in a moderate price range .

Next , start to interlink the pads with either crepe tape or dry transfer lines , using the relevant thickness as necessary .
next , start to interlink the pads with either crepe tape or dry [give] lines , using the relevant thickness as necessary .

These can be drafted by outlining the area with tape or transfer lines , and then painting in the central area with matt black enamel paint ; or , fill in the middle by laying down wide transfer lines , slightly overlapping each other and cut to shape with a scalpel .
these can be drafted by outlining the area with tape or [give] lines , and then painting in the central area with matt black enamel paint ; or , fill in the middle by laying down wide [give] lines , slightly overlapping each other and cut to shape with a scalpel .

Would transfer to another department or firm be possible ?
would [give] to another department or firm be possible ?

Transfer attention away from your own anxiety : ‘ Turn your mirrors into windows .
[give] attention away from your own anxiety : ‘ turn your mirrors into windows .

Transfer the fish from one system to the other as gently as possible with the minimum of stress .
[give] the fish from one system to the other as gently as possible with the minimum of stress .

If a natural pair has formed it is probably best to transfer just these two fish to their new quarters ; or else you can move the fish when smaller and let them pair off in their new home , removing the surplus individuals before the spawning pair try to do it for you .
if a natural pair has formed it is probably best to [give] just these two fish to their new quarters ; or else you can move the fish when smaller and let them pair off in their new home , removing the surplus individuals before the spawning pair try to do it for you .

To copy these onto your artwork , draw the outline of the area in tape or dry transfer lines , and then fill in the middle with either wide dry transfer lines cut to size or use two coats of matt black enamel paint applied with a fine brush , and allow to dry .
to copy these onto your artwork , draw the outline of the area in tape or dry [give] lines , and then fill in the middle with either wide dry [give] lines cut to size or use two coats of matt black enamel paint applied with a fine brush , and allow to dry .

Occasionally you may make an error on the artwork , and these can be corrected by scraping off the transfer with a scalpel blade .
occasionally you may make an error on the artwork , and these can be corrected by scraping off the [give] with a scalpel blade .

You will still require transfer film decals for dual-in-line pads , edge connectors etc .
you will still require [give] film decals for dual-in-line pads , edge connectors etc .

Transfer the cake upside-down to the cake board .
[give] the cake upside-down to the cake board .

Using a fish slice , transfer the cooked fritters to paper towels to drain .
using a fish slice , [give] the cooked fritters to paper towels to drain .

Transfer cooked croquettes to a plate and keep them warm while frying the remaining mixture .
[give] cooked croquettes to a plate and keep them warm while frying the remaining mixture .

Beat well until the dough comes away from the sides of the bowl , then transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead well by stretching the dough away from you , using the heel of one hand to push it from the centre outwards .
beat well until the dough comes away from the sides of the bowl , then [give] to a lightly floured surface and knead well by stretching the dough away from you , using the heel of one hand to push it from the centre outwards .

Lightly fold one half of the dough back over the rolling pin , then carefully transfer to the tin .
lightly fold one half of the dough back over the rolling pin , then carefully [give] to the tin .

4 Transfer the rack and duck to a plate and return it to the oven to ‘ rest ’ with the heat now turned off and the door slightly ajar .
4 [give] the rack and duck to a plate and return it to the oven to ‘ rest ’ with the heat now turned off and the door slightly ajar .

4 Transfer the lamb and garlic to warmed plates and pour over the cooking juices .
4 [give] the lamb and garlic to warmed plates and pour over the cooking juices .

4 Remove the beef from the oven , transfer to a serving dish and press the parsley into the mustard and herb crust .
4 remove the beef from the oven , [give] to a serving dish and press the parsley into the mustard and herb crust .

Remove skin from other side , transfer the salmon to a serving dish , cover with foil and keep warm .
remove skin from other side , [give] the salmon to a serving dish , cover with foil and keep warm .

Weight the bird ; transfer to a rack in a roasting tin and cover with aluminium foil .
weight the bird ; [give] to a rack in a roasting tin and cover with aluminium foil .

Transfer to a serving dish and leave to rest in a warm place .
[give] to a serving dish and leave to rest in a warm place .

2 Transfer fruit and liquid to a large pan , add the peel and spices and bring slowly to the boil .
2 [give] fruit and liquid to a large pan , add the peel and spices and bring slowly to the boil .

3 Transfer the pheasant to a dish with a slotted spoon and keep warm .
3 [give] the pheasant to a dish with a slotted spoon and keep warm .

Remove the trout from the marinade with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack in a baking dish .
remove the trout from the marinade with a slotted spoon and [give] to a rack in a baking dish .

3 Place the nuts , raisins , allspice and half of the sesame seeds in a food processor , whizz until blended and transfer to a bowl .
3 place the nuts , raisins , allspice and half of the sesame seeds in a food processor , whizz until blended and [give] to a bowl .

The preparation of memoirs was made more difficult by the transfer or resignation of men resulting in the loss of their unique knowledge of their mapping areas .
the preparation of memoirs was made more difficult by the [give] or resignation of men resulting in the loss of their unique knowledge of their mapping areas .

The transfer of some staff from England for short summer seasons in the north of Scotland was continued until 1934 .
the [give] of some staff from england for short summer seasons in the north of scotland was continued until 1934 .

The other principal reason was the numerous changes in staff caused by transfer , resignation and retirals .
the other principal reason was the numerous changes in staff caused by [give] , resignation and retirals .

The physical link between the two sides of the brain , known as the corpus callosum , has the ability to transfer information from one side to the other , so that the two aspects of mental function should not operate in isolation , but potentially have the capacity for interaction and interplay .
the physical link between the two sides of the brain , known as the corpus callosum , has the ability to [give] information from one side to the other , so that the two aspects of mental function should not operate in isolation , but potentially have the capacity for interaction and interplay .

If capital transfer to other countries was also made illegal or tightly controlled , this would also help to prevent corporations evading the law by exporting those behaviours which would be illegal in one country to another where they are not .
if capital [give] to other countries was also made illegal or tightly controlled , this would also help to prevent corporations evading the law by exporting those behaviours which would be illegal in one country to another where they are not .

Gazza , now with Lazio of Rome after his £5.5 million transfer from Tottenham , expects his first match to be against Spurs on September 23 .
gazza , now with lazio of rome after his £5.5 million [give] from tottenham , expects his first match to be against spurs on september 23 .

Jones , who makes his debut at Ipswich tomorrow , revealed the agonising details of a transfer he never wanted to happen .
jones , who makes his debut at ipswich tomorrow , revealed the agonising details of a [give] he never wanted to happen .

Bassett , who yesterday put midfielder Mike Lake on the transfer list , said : ‘ We have allowed our confidence to be affected by a few bad results .
bassett , who yesterday put midfielder mike lake on the [give] list , said : ‘ we have allowed our confidence to be affected by a few bad results .

The £700,000 transfer from Charlton went through only 48 hours after Lee rejected the chance to link up again with his former boss Lennie Lawrence .
the £700,000 [give] from charlton went through only 48 hours after lee rejected the chance to link up again with his former boss lennie lawrence .

No wonder Souness has been into the transfer market for a new centre back .
no wonder souness has been into the [give] market for a new centre back .

He eventually rejoined Brighton on a free transfer — and last night , at last , he enjoyed a taste of the good life .
he eventually rejoined brighton on a free [give] — and last night , at last , he enjoyed a taste of the good life .

Sheedy , 33 next month , arrived on Tyneside on a free transfer from Everton within days of Keegan 's return .
sheedy , 33 next month , arrived on tyneside on a free [give] from everton within days of keegan 's return .

Until then 21-year-old Bennett , shown the door at Newcastle on a free transfer two seasons ago , had produced a brilliant one-man show of defiance .
until then 21-year-old bennett , shown the door at newcastle on a free [give] two seasons ago , had produced a brilliant one-man show of defiance .

Of course life is not always as simple as that , and being asked to cover for a colleague at very short notice or an unexpected cancellation or transfer on the theatre list can throw your best laid plans into disarray .
of course life is not always as simple as that , and being asked to cover for a colleague at very short notice or an unexpected cancellation or [give] on the theatre list can throw your best laid plans into disarray .

The 21-year-old keeper attended a Birmingham tribunal with manager Graeme Souness for a ruling on his transfer fee from Watford .
the 21-year-old keeper attended a birmingham tribunal with manager graeme souness for a ruling on his [give] fee from watford .

And with a question mark against his judgment in the transfer market .
and with a question mark against his judgment in the [give] market .

How come a club of United 's stature can no longer compete in the transfer market , and are now overshadowed by humble Blackburn when it comes to buying players ?
how come a club of united 's stature can no longer compete in the [give] market , and are now overshadowed by humble blackburn when it comes to buying players ?

But they have also been busy in the transfer market , making a £2 million bid for Coventry striker Kevin Gallacher , a £1 million offer for Wimbledon 's Robbie Earle and a £1.8 million move for Dons ' defender Terry Phelan .
but they have also been busy in the [give] market , making a £2 million bid for coventry striker kevin gallacher , a £1 million offer for wimbledon 's robbie earle and a £1.8 million move for dons ' defender terry phelan .

Leeds boss Doug Laughton is planning to use the cash to press home another transfer swoop after the earlier signings of fullback Alan Tait and second row forward Gary Mercer .
leeds boss doug laughton is planning to use the cash to press home another [give] swoop after the earlier signings of fullback alan tait and second row forward gary mercer .

Despite the excitement caused by Leeds raids into the transfer market , Monie and the Wigan players are convinced that St Helens will be the biggest hurdle this season .
despite the excitement caused by leeds raids into the [give] market , monie and the wigan players are convinced that st helens will be the biggest hurdle this season .

And Reid denies that Dalglish 's massive transfer splurge — he has spent more than £10 million in less than a year — has sent the market mad .
and reid denies that dalglish 's massive [give] splurge — he has spent more than £10 million in less than a year — has sent the market mad .

Pearce 's request for new terms could have been sparked by transfer fees and wages rocketing in the last 12 months .
pearce 's request for new terms could have been sparked by [give] fees and wages rocketing in the last 12 months .

It 's another outrageous stroke by Forest boss Brian Clough , who picked up the stocky striker after he was handed a free transfer by West Bromwich .
it 's another outrageous stroke by forest boss brian clough , who picked up the stocky striker after he was handed a free [give] by west bromwich .

Gould , forced to operate at the lower end of the transfer market as Coventry tighten their belts , can only gaze in wonder as Dalglish spends multi-millionaire Jack Walker 's money .
gould , forced to operate at the lower end of the [give] market as coventry tighten their belts , can only gaze in wonder as dalglish spends multi-millionaire jack walker 's money .

Although Vinny Samways has now come off the transfer list , Spurs look light in the key area .
although vinny samways has now come off the [give] list , spurs look light in the key area .

But coach Doug Livermore said last night : ‘ We 've missed this week 's transfer deadline now , so we wo n't move on any signings immediately . ’
but coach doug livermore said last night : ‘ we 've missed this week 's [give] deadline now , so we wo n't move on any signings immediately . ’

But with Anderton more at home in a wide midfield role , Spurs ' chief executive Terry Venables may be forced back into the transfer market — with Sheringham still their top target .
but with anderton more at home in a wide midfield role , spurs ' chief executive terry venables may be forced back into the [give] market — with sheringham still their top target .

Pardew — a free transfer from Crystal Palace last season — stooped low to nod the ball over the line .
pardew — a free [give] from crystal palace last season — stooped low to nod the ball over the line .

He is to keep an eye on them , transfer them between nicks when necessary and make sure they turn up in court on time .
he is to keep an eye on them , [give] them between nicks when necessary and make sure they turn up in court on time .

Coaches will be waiting to transfer you direct to Longchamp for the racing .
coaches will be waiting to [give] you direct to longchamp for the racing .

His transfer to current affairs was blocked — the result , he still believes , of direct political discrimination .
his [give] to current affairs was blocked — the result , he still believes , of direct political discrimination .

Individuals asked to transfer to another location are , in general , key staff .
individuals asked to [give] to another location are , in general , key staff .

If the key person identified for the transfer does not want to move there will probably be a number of career-hungry individuals on the payroll who will willingly step into the vacant position .
if the key person identified for the [give] does not want to move there will probably be a number of career-hungry individuals on the payroll who will willingly step into the vacant position .

Rather than try to change the reluctant-to-move employees ' attitudes or even find out why they reject the transfer , companies may accept the easy option and transfer other willing individuals .
rather than try to change the reluctant-to-move employees ' attitudes or even find out why they reject the [give] , companies may accept the easy option and [give] other willing individuals .

Another problem to consider is that if the people identified for transfer do not go , what happens to their career prospects ?
another problem to consider is that if the people identified for [give] do not go , what happens to their career prospects ?

If the refusal of a transfer effectively stops an individual 's career-route to the top , the chances are that he or she will look for another job .
if the refusal of a [give] effectively stops an individual 's career-route to the top , the chances are that he or she will look for another job .

Alternatively , if the employee receives promotion after refusing a transfer , this may be seen as a precedent by other staff when their turn comes to be asked to move .
alternatively , if the employee receives promotion after refusing a [give] , this may be seen as a precedent by other staff when their turn comes to be asked to move .

If an employee decides to accept the transfer as a result of a counselling session which gave a misleading impression , it can only spell trouble for his or her future happiness in the job .
if an employee decides to accept the [give] as a result of a counselling session which gave a misleading impression , it can only spell trouble for his or her future happiness in the job .

If anxieties are ironed out before a transfer takes place , the employee is less likely to be under the pressure of family concerns when taking up the new appointment .
if anxieties are ironed out before a [give] takes place , the employee is less likely to be under the pressure of family concerns when taking up the new appointment .

Employees offered a transfer which involves relocation overseas will consider the pros and cons very carefully , as accepting such a transfer is a major step to take .
employees offered a [give] which involves relocation overseas will consider the pros and cons very carefully , as accepting such a [give] is a major step to take .

The executive may therefore accept or reject the whole idea of a transfer abroad on this basis alone .
the executive may therefore accept or reject the whole idea of a [give] abroad on this basis alone .

So that employees can truly assess the new country , some firms pay for short ‘ look-see ’ visits so that the executive and spouse can judge for themselves , first-hand , as to whether they should accept the transfer .
so that employees can truly assess the new country , some firms pay for short ‘ look-see ’ visits so that the executive and spouse can judge for themselves , first-hand , as to whether they should accept the [give] .

It is also wise to invite the employee 's spouse ( and even the children ) as they too , will have anxieties about the transfer which will need to be resolved .
it is also wise to invite the employee 's spouse ( and even the children ) as they too , will have anxieties about the [give] which will need to be resolved .

On the other hand , employers who value the services of key individual employees and are dependent on them accepting a transfer may give them more generous relocation packages .
on the other hand , employers who value the services of key individual employees and are dependent on them accepting a [give] may give them more generous relocation packages .

If a transfer to a new job does not justify moving house employees generally receive help with increased travelling costs .
if a [give] to a new job does not justify moving house employees generally receive help with increased travelling costs .

In the banking and insurance sector , for instance , some employers give taxable transfer grants on top of the non-taxable disturbance allowances .
in the banking and insurance sector , for instance , some employers give taxable [give] grants on top of the non-taxable disturbance allowances .

Firms can help in other ways too , such as by providing company housing for employees who are unable to find property in the new area before the date of their transfer .
firms can help in other ways too , such as by providing company housing for employees who are unable to find property in the new area before the date of their [give] .

If an employee has not found a permanent home in the new location at the time of the transfer , it is usual for the employer to pay the costs of a hotel stay and travel expenses home at week-ends .
if an employee has not found a permanent home in the new location at the time of the [give] , it is usual for the employer to pay the costs of a hotel stay and travel expenses home at week-ends .

Brown & Root gives an additional housing assistance grant and Cornhill Insurance gives an extra transfer allowance .
brown & root gives an additional housing assistance grant and cornhill insurance gives an extra [give] allowance .

Pilkingtons pays a ‘ resettlement allowance ’ at a rate of 12½ per cent of salary at the date of transfer .
pilkingtons pays a ‘ resettlement allowance ’ at a rate of 12½ per cent of salary at the date of [give] .

When transfer payments are given in addition to a disturbance allowance , these are usually taxed .
when [give] payments are given in addition to a disturbance allowance , these are usually taxed .

For instance , at Prudential Assurance , the taxable disturbance allowance of £1724 is paid in two equal instalments ; employees receive one payment of £862 at the time of their transfer and the balance one year later .
for instance , at prudential assurance , the taxable disturbance allowance of £1724 is paid in two equal instalments ; employees receive one payment of £862 at the time of their [give] and the balance one year later .

The taxable transfer allowance , paid in addition to the disturbance allowance , is made in two stages ; half is paid to the employee with the first month 's salary in the new position and the remainder paid with the twelfth month 's salary in the new position .
the taxable [give] allowance , paid in addition to the disturbance allowance , is made in two stages ; half is paid to the employee with the first month 's salary in the new position and the remainder paid with the twelfth month 's salary in the new position .

Employees may wish to accept a transfer to another area but can not afford to do so .
employees may wish to accept a [give] to another area but can not afford to do so .

And at Pilkingtons , if employees are paying a fixed rate of interest on their old mortgage and can not obtain such favourable terms on a new mortgage , the company makes annual lump sum payments in arrears amounting to the difference paid in interest on the capital sum outstanding on the original mortgage at the time of transfer .
and at pilkingtons , if employees are paying a fixed rate of interest on their old mortgage and can not obtain such favourable terms on a new mortgage , the company makes annual lump sum payments in arrears amounting to the difference paid in interest on the capital sum outstanding on the original mortgage at the time of [give] .

For the first year after transfer full excess fares less any increase in office allowance will be paid by the company , costs to be based on season ticket rates where appropriate .
for the first year after [give] full excess fares less any increase in office allowance will be paid by the company , costs to be based on season ticket rates where appropriate .

In the second year following transfer the excess fare payment will be reduced by one third and in the third year by a further third .
in the second year following [give] the excess fare payment will be reduced by one third and in the third year by a further third .

Besides this , employees receive an additional taxable transfer allowance of £526 paid in three instalments over 16 months .
besides this , employees receive an additional taxable [give] allowance of £526 paid in three instalments over 16 months .

Should employees ’ location allowances decrease as a result of a transfer , any such decrease is phased over a three-year period .
should employees ’ location allowances decrease as a result of a [give] , any such decrease is phased over a three-year period .

Temporary transfer
temporary [give]

Employers therefore generally pay accommodation and subsistence expenses during the period of the transfer plus the costs of a reasonable number of visits home .
employers therefore generally pay accommodation and subsistence expenses during the period of the [give] plus the costs of a reasonable number of visits home .

This chapter examines whether employers have the right to require employees to move when the company relocates and whether employees are entitled to receive redundancy payments if they refuse to agree to the transfer and are dismissed .
this chapter examines whether employers have the right to require employees to move when the company relocates and whether employees are entitled to receive redundancy payments if they refuse to agree to the [give] and are dismissed .

Some contracts of employment contain an express term giving employers the right to transfer employees from one site to another .
some contracts of employment contain an express term giving employers the right to [give] employees from one site to another .

He refused to accept the transfer , was dismissed and claimed redundancy pay .
he refused to accept the [give] , was dismissed and claimed redundancy pay .

The conditions of employment which accompanied Mr. Claydon 's letter of engagement made clear that the Authority reserved the right of transfer .
the conditions of employment which accompanied mr. claydon 's letter of engagement made clear that the authority reserved the right of [give] .

If , however , he does so without offering to transfer the employee to a place where work is available , he will risk being liable to pay compensation for unfair dismissal .
if , however , he does so without offering to [give] the employee to a place where work is available , he will risk being liable to pay compensation for unfair dismissal .

Contracts of employment may contain an implied term which gives the employer the right to transfer employees to other locations .
contracts of employment may contain an implied term which gives the employer the right to [give] employees to other locations .

Employees with wives who are actively pursuing their own careers are also likely to encounter problems overseas , especially if the wife is forced to give up her job because of her husband 's transfer and her role abroad does not enable her to work or to develop other satisfactory activities .
employees with wives who are actively pursuing their own careers are also likely to encounter problems overseas , especially if the wife is forced to give up her job because of her husband 's [give] and her role abroad does not enable her to work or to develop other satisfactory activities .

It is becoming increasingly common for companies to pay the costs of a house-hunting ‘ look-see ’ trip around six to eight weeks before the transfer takes place .
it is becoming increasingly common for companies to pay the costs of a house-hunting ‘ look-see ’ trip around six to eight weeks before the [give] takes place .

By arranging housing visits six to eight weeks before the transfer , the employee can find property for rent , sign the necessary agreements and return home knowing that the property will be ready on the date of transfer .
by arranging housing visits six to eight weeks before the [give] , the employee can find property for rent , sign the necessary agreements and return home knowing that the property will be ready on the date of [give] .

If the housing visit is carried out too early , say six months before the transfer date , landlords are unlikely to be able to say with any certainty whether property is likely to be available for rent .
if the housing visit is carried out too early , say six months before the [give] date , landlords are unlikely to be able to say with any certainty whether property is likely to be available for rent .

Setting the housing visit date too close to the actual transfer date will result in problems for the employee with regard to renting out property at home , arranging storage for goods left behind and transport for those items that the family intends to bring to Britain .
setting the housing visit date too close to the actual [give] date will result in problems for the employee with regard to renting out property at home , arranging storage for goods left behind and transport for those items that the family intends to bring to britain .

Transfer mince to a small warmed ovenproof casserole dish .
[give] mince to a small warmed ovenproof casserole dish .

Then there will be many people and organisations she will need to notify of her date of removal and her new address , such as the Gas and Electricity Boards ; the Department of Health and Social Security , for the transfer of the drawing of her pension to the post office near your home ; the local rates office , income tax office , and television rental office ; the bank manager , and building society or other places where she may have invested her savings ; her insurance agent , the headquarters of any pension fund to which she may belong , the telephone manager , and the post office for the redirection of her letters ( for which a form has to be completed and a fee paid ) .
then there will be many people and organisations she will need to notify of her date of removal and her new address , such as the gas and electricity boards ; the department of health and social security , for the [give] of the drawing of her pension to the post office near your home ; the local rates office , income tax office , and television rental office ; the bank manager , and building society or other places where she may have invested her savings ; her insurance agent , the headquarters of any pension fund to which she may belong , the telephone manager , and the post office for the redirection of her letters ( for which a form has to be completed and a fee paid ) .

You may also need to help her to transfer to the list of your own general practitioner , if she and he are both agreeable to this ; and of course she must be assured that you , or some other member of the family will be with her on the actual day of the move or , if she wishes , take the responsibility of it off her shoulders completely .
you may also need to help her to [give] to the list of your own general practitioner , if she and he are both agreeable to this ; and of course she must be assured that you , or some other member of the family will be with her on the actual day of the move or , if she wishes , take the responsibility of it off her shoulders completely .

Club expenses include wages , transfer fees and ground rent .
club expenses include wages , [give] fees and ground rent .

Loosen sides with a knife , transfer to a serving plate .
loosen sides with a knife , [give] to a serving plate .

Transfer the chicken to a plate and set aside .
[give] the chicken to a plate and set aside .

In Buxtehude , as we have seen , there has been a sharp rise in bicycle use , though this is likely to be a result of the greatly increased opportunities for cycling ( and walking ) rather than of transfer from other modes .
in buxtehude , as we have seen , there has been a sharp rise in bicycle use , though this is likely to be a result of the greatly increased opportunities for cycling ( and walking ) rather than of [give] from other modes .

On the other hand , there is no evidence yet of transfer to public transport ; in a small town like Buxtehude this would not be expected anyway , but in the larger city schemes it seems likely that the failure to induce any significant modal switching will be one of the bigger disappointments of the experimental programme .
on the other hand , there is no evidence yet of [give] to public transport ; in a small town like buxtehude this would not be expected anyway , but in the larger city schemes it seems likely that the failure to induce any significant modal switching will be one of the bigger disappointments of the experimental programme .

It was never expected that such measures would cause a transfer of car users to the bike , but it was hoped that by making the route safer and more comfortable , recreational use of the route might rise and parental objections to children cycling to school might diminish .
it was never expected that such measures would cause a [give] of car users to the bike , but it was hoped that by making the route safer and more comfortable , recreational use of the route might rise and parental objections to children cycling to school might diminish .

In the papers the next day it looked as if the funeral parlour heads were sanctioning the transfer of power , as if they were acknowledging Creed 's pre-eminence , as if they were paying homage .
in the papers the next day it looked as if the funeral parlour heads were sanctioning the [give] of power , as if they were acknowledging creed 's pre-eminence , as if they were paying homage .

Only once the transfer of power had been smoothly effected and accepted by the general public , the paper claimed , had Sir Charles Dobson been allowed to die .
only once the [give] of power had been smoothly effected and accepted by the general public , the paper claimed , had sir charles dobson been allowed to die .

Transfer browned meat to heavy kettle or casserole .
[give] browned meat to heavy kettle or casserole .

When completed use the tracing paper to transfer the same drawing onto the second support .
when completed use the tracing paper to [give] the same drawing onto the second support .

SynOptics Communications Inc , Santa Clara , California has announced a three-phase Asynchronous Transfer Mode strategy , in preparation for the launch of its Asynchronous Transfer Mode switch towards the end of the year .
synoptics communications inc , santa clara , california has announced a three-phase asynchronous [give] mode strategy , in preparation for the launch of its asynchronous [give] mode switch towards the end of the year .

The company sees campus-wide backbones as the first wide-scale implementation of the technology , followed by Asynchronous Transfer Mode to the desktop .
the company sees campus-wide backbones as the first wide-scale implementation of the technology , followed by asynchronous [give] mode to the desktop .

It is an idea that the fans of Asynchronous Transport Mode technology have been touting for some time , but Ungermann is shying away from Asynchronous Transfer Mode to the desktop at the moment .
it is an idea that the fans of asynchronous transport mode technology have been touting for some time , but ungermann is shying away from asynchronous [give] mode to the desktop at the moment .

Several of the companies were newly founded last month , the most ambitious of which is Advanced Computer Technology Ltd or ACTec , which is charged with producing both an Asynchronous Transfer Mode switch , and separately , a wireless local network system .
several of the companies were newly founded last month , the most ambitious of which is advanced computer technology ltd or actec , which is charged with producing both an asynchronous [give] mode switch , and separately , a wireless local network system .

To the charge that the enormous number of local agreements can be cited as evidence of national agreements acting as little more than guidelines , the answer is given that local agreements acted as a form of pace-setting for subsequent national agreements , and that this transfer mechanism can be incorporated into wage-determination models [ Prest and Coppock , 1978 ] .
to the charge that the enormous number of local agreements can be cited as evidence of national agreements acting as little more than guidelines , the answer is given that local agreements acted as a form of pace-setting for subsequent national agreements , and that this [give] mechanism can be incorporated into wage-determination models [ prest and coppock , 1978 ] .

Many of these changes have been directly related to progressive taxation , transfer payments and high levels of employment .
many of these changes have been directly related to progressive taxation , [give] payments and high levels of employment .

Fourth , spending on front-office systems , such as those supporting foreign exchange , funds and transfer payments , is not expected to grow as fast as that on back-office systems , covering such applications as transaction processing , clearing and settlement .
fourth , spending on front-office systems , such as those supporting foreign exchange , funds and [give] payments , is not expected to grow as fast as that on back-office systems , covering such applications as transaction processing , clearing and settlement .

Transfer from Langkawi airport to hotel and hotel to yacht .
[give] from langkawi airport to hotel and hotel to yacht .

We 'll chart your progress every step of the way , from initial enquiry to transfer of title .
we 'll chart your progress every step of the way , from initial enquiry to [give] of title .

At the end of day two you will transfer to Les Jardins du Crouesty .
at the end of day two you will [give] to les jardins du crouesty .

Suffolk had received £6.5 million of new transfer money from the Government and there was to be no change in the level of funding .
suffolk had received £6.5 million of new [give] money from the government and there was to be no change in the level of funding .

The plan ‘ is designed to create disorder and to impede the smooth transfer of power , so it is not a question of democracy , ’ Li said in his annual work report at the opening session of Congress in Peking .
the plan ‘ is designed to create disorder and to impede the smooth [give] of power , so it is not a question of democracy , ’ li said in his annual work report at the opening session of congress in peking .

The resulting irritation causes scratching which allows transfer of eggs to the fingers and fingernails .
the resulting irritation causes scratching which allows [give] of eggs to the fingers and fingernails .

The effect of these was to transfer the common land to private ownership ; the dispossessed commoners were given small pockets of land or other compensation , but these were not necessarily equivalent to the rights they had lost .
the effect of these was to [give] the common land to private ownership ; the dispossessed commoners were given small pockets of land or other compensation , but these were not necessarily equivalent to the rights they had lost .

He realized that he was supporting the weaker side , and was against the transfer of power to ‘ mere financiers and political economists ’ .
he realized that he was supporting the weaker side , and was against the [give] of power to ‘ mere financiers and political economists ’ .

Some Prescott votes will transfer to Beckett , but the left should still be able to muster a sizeable block .
some prescott votes will [give] to beckett , but the left should still be able to muster a sizeable block .

But racism is exactly that transfer from the particular — Mrs Soon — to the universal , all Koreans .
but racism is exactly that [give] from the particular — mrs soon — to the universal , all koreans .

Now suppose that the cost of transporting one unit from i to j ( ) is and our objective is to achieve the transfer of goods at minimal cost .
now suppose that the cost of transporting one unit from i to j ( ) is and our objective is to achieve the [give] of goods at minimal cost .

Word transfer procedure
word [give] procedure

Introduce family to ward staff before transfer
introduce family to ward staff before [give]

Allow patient to visit ward , with relatives , before transfer
allow patient to visit ward , with relatives , before [give]

His transfer to the general ward was not a success , however .
his [give] to the general ward was not a success , however .

The mechanisms are more transparently in place for the transfer of resources from poor to rich .
the mechanisms are more transparently in place for the [give] of resources from poor to rich .

This then simply represents a transfer of jobs from the widget-making company to the company supplying the new more productive machinery for widget making . )
this then simply represents a [give] of jobs from the widget-making company to the company supplying the new more productive machinery for widget making . )

This enabled someone to establish the numerical co-ordinates of the movement of the cutting tool over the entire sequence of operations and to transfer this to code on punched tape which was then fed into the machine .
this enabled someone to establish the numerical co-ordinates of the movement of the cutting tool over the entire sequence of operations and to [give] this to code on punched tape which was then fed into the machine .

Using a single prong transfer tool , lift the two long strands of weaving yarn on to the selected needles .
using a single prong [give] tool , lift the two long strands of weaving yarn on to the selected needles .

The method used for transferring stitches for cable pattern is similar to hand knitting but instead of using a cable needle , we use the transfer tools .
the method used for transferring stitches for cable pattern is similar to hand knitting but instead of using a cable needle , we use the [give] tools .

At both right and left of centre 0 , transfer the 4th stitch to the adjacent 5th needle .
at both right and left of centre 0 , [give] the 4th stitch to the adjacent 5th needle .

Hold this left transfer tool in your left hand and take the three stitches at right of centre on to the second transfer tool in the same way .
hold this left [give] tool in your left hand and take the three stitches at right of centre on to the second [give] tool in the same way .

Move the second transfer tool from the right to the left and slide the three stitches from the right tool into the empty needle hooks at left .
move the second [give] tool from the right to the left and slide the three stitches from the right tool into the empty needle hooks at left .

Now transfer the three stitches from the left tool to the three empty needles at the right .
now [give] the three stitches from the left tool to the three empty needles at the right .

The diagram shows the second transfer tool taking the three stitches from right to the three empty needles at the left .
the diagram shows the second [give] tool taking the three stitches from right to the three empty needles at the left .

The left transfer tool is getting ready to cross the left stitches over to the empty needles at the right .
the left [give] tool is getting ready to cross the left stitches over to the empty needles at the right .

Transfer the centre stitch and the 7th stitch at right and left to adjacent needles .
[give] the centre stitch and the 7th stitch at right and left to adjacent needles .

Transfer the 3rd and every following 5th stitch on to adjacent needles at left and right at centre 0 , that is , with four stitches for cable at centre .
[give] the 3rd and every following 5th stitch on to adjacent needles at left and right at centre 0 , that is , with four stitches for cable at centre .

Shadow lace knitted using rib transfer carriage
shadow lace knitted using rib [give] carriage

The Silver transfer carriage is unique in its method of transfer .
the silver [give] carriage is unique in its method of [give] .

The rib transfer carriage is lowered on to the needlebed to the right of the knitting .
the rib [give] carriage is lowered on to the needlebed to the right of the knitting .

The transfer always takes place from right to left .
the [give] always takes place from right to left .

There are three points to watch as you use the rib transfer carriage .
there are three points to watch as you use the rib [give] carriage .

One , if the stitches are very small , or the yarn not elastic , knit the last row before transfer at a tension one or two whole numbers higher than the rib tension .
one , if the stitches are very small , or the yarn not elastic , knit the last row before [give] at a tension one or two whole numbers higher than the rib tension .

As you wind the carriage along the needlebed , the transfer needle on the rib transfer carriage ( it 's a different design to the knitting needles ) , moves vertically downwards and pushes the ribber needle back to working position .
as you wind the carriage along the needlebed , the [give] needle on the rib [give] carriage ( it 's a different design to the knitting needles ) , moves vertically downwards and pushes the ribber needle back to working position .

As the ribber needle moves back , the stitch on it comes over the latch of the ribber needle and is picked up by the transfer needle .
as the ribber needle moves back , the stitch on it comes over the latch of the ribber needle and is picked up by the [give] needle .

The transfer needle moves back up , while the needle on the main bed moves forward and takes the stitch from the transfer needle .
the [give] needle moves back up , while the needle on the main bed moves forward and takes the stitch from the [give] needle .

By the way , you do n't have to move the needles that were in non-working position on the main bed to working position before transferring — the rib transfer carriage does it for you .
by the way , you do n't have to move the needles that were in non-working position on the main bed to working position before transferring — the rib [give] carriage does it for you .

The rib transfer needle can be damaged and , even though it can be easily replaced , it is less of a nuisance if you can avoid damaging it .
the rib [give] needle can be damaged and , even though it can be easily replaced , it is less of a nuisance if you can avoid damaging it .

When the stitch is transferred to the main bed needle , the main bed needle comes forward to slide into the gap below the transfer needle and between the metal strips .
when the stitch is transferred to the main bed needle , the main bed needle comes forward to slide into the gap below the [give] needle and between the metal strips .

In the same way as the automatic linker speeds up your knitting and saves neck and shoulder ache , so does the rib transfer carriage .
in the same way as the automatic linker speeds up your knitting and saves neck and shoulder ache , so does the rib [give] carriage .

Finally , the rib transfer carriage can be used for pattern knitting , for knitting what is known as shadow lace .
finally , the rib [give] carriage can be used for pattern knitting , for knitting what is known as shadow lace .

The conventional method of knitting is to knit every needle on the ribber and the pattern stitches ( selected by punchcard , with the main carriage set to slip ) on the main bed and transfer from main bed to ribber using the shadow lace transfer tool .
the conventional method of knitting is to knit every needle on the ribber and the pattern stitches ( selected by punchcard , with the main carriage set to slip ) on the main bed and [give] from main bed to ribber using the shadow lace [give] tool .

Instead you can knit every needle on the main bed , hand select pattern needles on the ribber and transfer from ribber to main bed using the rib transfer carriage .
instead you can knit every needle on the main bed , hand select pattern needles on the ribber and [give] from ribber to main bed using the rib [give] carriage .

After knitting the welt , transfer all the stitches to the main bed .
after knitting the welt , [give] all the stitches to the main bed .

When there is only one non-working needle left between each group of working needles , transfer all the stitches to the main bed .
when there is only one non-working needle left between each group of working needles , [give] all the stitches to the main bed .

Fig 1 is a printout direct from the Creation 6 screen , but should be much too large to transfer direct to the console as its total number of bits is 180 × 176 = 31,680 , twice as large as the number of bits available in stitch pattern area memory .
fig 1 is a printout direct from the creation 6 screen , but should be much too large to [give] direct to the console as its total number of bits is 180 × 176 = 31,680 , twice as large as the number of bits available in stitch pattern area memory .

These cams are on the underside of the carriage and are put out of work using a transfer tool .
these cams are on the underside of the carriage and are put out of work using a [give] tool .

Now and then someone 's final flight takes place when Aurigny undertakes a ‘ coffin charter ’ to transfer a corpse to another island or to the mainland for burial or cremation . Not a place to be superstitious , when you are alone at night up there with a casket !
now and then someone 's final flight takes place when aurigny undertakes a ‘ coffin charter ’ to [give] a corpse to another island or to the mainland for burial or cremation . not a place to be superstitious , when you are alone at night up there with a casket !

When the combined level drops below 630 litres a float valve opens , allowing fuel from the 122-litre tip tanks to transfer to the front one under bleed-air pressure .
when the combined level drops below 630 litres a float valve opens , allowing fuel from the 122-litre tip tanks to [give] to the front one under bleed-air pressure .

On the day of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone , Kidlington was in use as a feeder airport for helicopters to refuel and transfer passengers to and from the race circuit .
on the day of the british grand prix at silverstone , kidlington was in use as a feeder airport for helicopters to refuel and [give] passengers to and from the race circuit .

John Cole called for a transfer of resources from the rich to the poor .
john cole called for a [give] of resources from the rich to the poor .

Her fervour and her depiction of a siege mentality do not transfer too easily to Britain .
her fervour and her depiction of a siege mentality do not [give] too easily to britain .

My point is , though , that the Braun 's powerful ‘ thisness ’ , that idiosyncratic sensibility , which makes it such a complex pleasure to use , does not transfer to the coffee itself .
my point is , though , that the braun 's powerful ‘ thisness ’ , that idiosyncratic sensibility , which makes it such a complex pleasure to use , does not [give] to the coffee itself .

If you want to make more than one kite then now is the time to transfer panel templates from the full-size plan .
if you want to make more than one kite then now is the time to [give] panel templates from the full-size plan .

With a soft lead pencil , chalk , or dressmaker 's marking wheel — but not marker-pen or wax crayon — transfer the panel shape to your ripstop .
with a soft lead pencil , chalk , or dressmaker 's marking wheel — but not marker-pen or wax crayon — [give] the panel shape to your ripstop .

The easiest approach is to plan the gore as one half only on a folded sheet of paper , then to cut out the pattern through the two leaves , open out flat and transfer to a piece of stout card or hardboard , With an average of 14 to cut , did you remember to include the hem width ?
the easiest approach is to plan the gore as one half only on a folded sheet of paper , then to cut out the pattern through the two leaves , open out flat and [give] to a piece of stout card or hardboard , with an average of 14 to cut , did you remember to include the hem width ?

Transfer Sir Alexander Seton , whom they could trust , from being Keeper of the royal castle of Berwick to being Governor of Berwick town .
[give] sir alexander seton , whom they could trust , from being keeper of the royal castle of berwick to being governor of berwick town .

First the system which develops on the basis of the covenant includes inter alia a complex set of property rights , income transfer mechanisms , and restrictions on the capital and labour markets , in addition to a set of values and prescriptions which prove a rigorous test of motives .
first the system which develops on the basis of the covenant includes inter alia a complex set of property rights , income [give] mechanisms , and restrictions on the capital and labour markets , in addition to a set of values and prescriptions which prove a rigorous test of motives .

The gleaning laws by which the corners of the field were to be left to the gleaners was again a straightforward income transfer .
the gleaning laws by which the corners of the field were to be left to the gleaners was again a straightforward income [give] .

But an awareness of what is involved in the purchase deed ( called a conveyance where laud is unregistered , and a ‘ transfer ’ if it is registered ) can be very helpful .
but an awareness of what is involved in the purchase deed ( called a conveyance where laud is unregistered , and a ‘ [give] ’ if it is registered ) can be very helpful .

After this date , and until 18 March 1986 , a form of death duty called capital transfer tax applied .
after this date , and until 18 march 1986 , a form of death duty called capital [give] tax applied .

In a winding-up by the court , any disposition of the company 's property and any transfer of shares , or alteration in the status of the company 's members , made after the commencement of the winding-up is , unless the court otherwise orders , void .
in a winding-up by the court , any disposition of the company 's property and any [give] of shares , or alteration in the status of the company 's members , made after the commencement of the winding-up is , unless the court otherwise orders , void .

Section 8 of the Railways Act 1974 allows grant payments to be made to suitable applicants , provided that there will be a significant environmental benefit , the anticipated expenditure is of a capital not revenue nature , British Rail will carry the desired freight , the rail freight facilities will encourage a transfer from road to rail and that , relatively speaking , the wanted rail freight facilities would not be viable without a Section 8 payment .
section 8 of the railways act 1974 allows grant payments to be made to suitable applicants , provided that there will be a significant environmental benefit , the anticipated expenditure is of a capital not revenue nature , british rail will carry the desired freight , the rail freight facilities will encourage a [give] from road to rail and that , relatively speaking , the wanted rail freight facilities would not be viable without a section 8 payment .

Transfer the pieces to an ovenproof casserole .
[give] the pieces to an ovenproof casserole .

If the developer owns the land , he can either grant a long-term lease at a nominal rent to a management company , or else transfer the freehold to the management company . In either case the management company may proceed to :
if the developer owns the land , he can either grant a long-term lease at a nominal rent to a management company , or else [give] the freehold to the management company . in either case the management company may proceed to :

Then the officials decided to transfer him back to the Los Angeles County Jail .
then the officials decided to [give] him back to the los angeles county jail .

Hank made a face at her plump back disappearing through the kitchen door and reluctantly began to transfer the dishes to the sink .
hank made a face at her plump back disappearing through the kitchen door and reluctantly began to [give] the dishes to the sink .

As most notebook users transfer data to and from their desktop machines using a serial cable and a file transfer package such as LapLink , this is n't likely to cause much inconvenience .
as most notebook users [give] data to and from their desktop machines using a serial cable and a file [give] package such as laplink , this is n't likely to cause much inconvenience .

This file transfer program lets you make remote connections via a modem and access drives on a remote computer as it they were on your own machine .
this file [give] program lets you make remote connections via a modem and access drives on a remote computer as it they were on your own machine .

Chris Hinsley started off as a successful commercial author of arcade games for home computers , and many of Taos 's concepts spring from his original need to produce code that would transfer easily between a plethora of machines .
chris hinsley started off as a successful commercial author of arcade games for home computers , and many of taos 's concepts spring from his original need to produce code that would [give] easily between a plethora of machines .

[ Valerie Way ] was offered the point and given a brief to examine the transfer procedures of parents when children change from primary school to McGregor , to explore the opportunities possible .
[ valerie way ] was offered the point and given a brief to examine the [give] procedures of parents when children change from primary school to mcgregor , to explore the opportunities possible .

The transfer of Poor Law functions to the County authorities took place in 1930 .
the [give] of poor law functions to the county authorities took place in 1930 .

In some cases the first three years of life are spent in this ward before transfer to a children 's home .
in some cases the first three years of life are spent in this ward before [give] to a children 's home .

The agreement by the County Council to transfer St. Peter 's to the minister was not without irony — the Ministry of Health had grown out of the same succession of poor laws which had produced both the institution and , indeed , local government itself .
the agreement by the county council to [give] st. peter 's to the minister was not without irony — the ministry of health had grown out of the same succession of poor laws which had produced both the institution and , indeed , local government itself .

In four out of the five authorities studied in depth by the research team , ‘ the provision of a statement appeared in the majority of cases to coincide with a decision to transfer a child to a special school ’ .
in four out of the five authorities studied in depth by the research team , ‘ the provision of a statement appeared in the majority of cases to coincide with a decision to [give] a child to a special school ’ .

the skill of communicating at different levels without necessarily articulat-ing them . The consultative task was to keep the focus of discussion on the pupil , but simultaneously to deal with the teacher 's perception of the problem ( the reinforcing effect it was having on both pupil and teacher ) by giving him through group support the kind of liberating learning experience which he could transfer into the teaching context with Dave
the skill of communicating at different levels without necessarily articulat-ing them . the consultative task was to keep the focus of discussion on the pupil , but simultaneously to deal with the teacher 's perception of the problem ( the reinforcing effect it was having on both pupil and teacher ) by giving him through group support the kind of liberating learning experience which he could [give] into the teaching context with dave

There had thus been a level of skill enhancement for work in the classroom , and of skills training and transfer to working with colleagues within the group and others on the staff , and for achieving a mutually educative partnership between teacher and parent .
there had thus been a level of skill enhancement for work in the classroom , and of skills training and [give] to working with colleagues within the group and others on the staff , and for achieving a mutually educative partnership between teacher and parent .

The second factor is the evidence which suggests that knowledge and skills acquired in the withdrawal approach do not necessarily transfer , and curriculum content is often divorced from the ordinary curriculum .
the second factor is the evidence which suggests that knowledge and skills acquired in the withdrawal approach do not necessarily [give] , and curriculum content is often divorced from the ordinary curriculum .

The parental vote will be even more powerful if it is proposed that a school should opt out of local authority control and transfer to grant maintained status .
the parental vote will be even more powerful if it is proposed that a school should opt out of local authority control and [give] to grant maintained status .

But such work often involves using older and younger women as tests of psychological theories which were developed mainly from male samples , like theories of moral development ( Gilligan 1982 ) , adolescence ( Beckett 1986 ) , transfer into the job market ( Griffin 1986 ) , and middle age ( Barnett and Baruch 1985 ) .
but such work often involves using older and younger women as tests of psychological theories which were developed mainly from male samples , like theories of moral development ( gilligan 1982 ) , adolescence ( beckett 1986 ) , [give] into the job market ( griffin 1986 ) , and middle age ( barnett and baruch 1985 ) .

She mentions Chodorow 's socialization theory of the transfer of concerns with care and responsibility from mothers to daughters , but she does not make it an integral part of her own account .
she mentions chodorow 's socialization theory of the [give] of concerns with care and responsibility from mothers to daughters , but she does not make it an integral part of her own account .

As soon as it is well open , and perhaps already dropping pollen grains on to its own stigma and petals , pick up a few grains with a small paint brush , and transfer them to the stigma of the female .
as soon as it is well open , and perhaps already dropping pollen grains on to its own stigma and petals , pick up a few grains with a small paint brush , and [give] them to the stigma of the female .

More significantly , it is not always possible to transfer these increased costs onto the consumers , the newspaper-buying public : newspapers are competitive products and one newspaper 's increase in costs can often lead to another newspaper putting on circulation as readers switch titles .
more significantly , it is not always possible to [give] these increased costs onto the consumers , the newspaper-buying public : newspapers are competitive products and one newspaper 's increase in costs can often lead to another newspaper putting on circulation as readers switch titles .

Credit transfer .
credit [give] .

You can transfer your pension scheme at any time , provided you do so over a year before you retire .
you can [give] your pension scheme at any time , provided you do so over a year before you retire .

Early leavers now have the right to move their pension — or more precisely , its transfer value — to a new employer 's scheme willing to accept it .
early leavers now have the right to move their pension — or more precisely , its [give] value — to a new employer 's scheme willing to accept it .

The transfer value is the cash value of your current pension rights .
the [give] value is the cash value of your current pension rights .

If neither of the two previous options appeal , or your new company will not accept your old pension value into its own scheme , you can go independent and have the transfer value of your pension invested by a life company into a personal scheme — normally either a Section 32 buy-out or a protected rights personal pension .
if neither of the two previous options appeal , or your new company will not accept your old pension value into its own scheme , you can go independent and have the [give] value of your pension invested by a life company into a personal scheme — normally either a section 32 buy-out or a protected rights personal pension .

Although for a majority of employees a protected rights contract is usually likely to offer a higher return , there are certain limitations and the accepted wisdom seems to be that the older the employee and the larger the transfer value , the more attractive a section 32 buy-out becomes .
although for a majority of employees a protected rights contract is usually likely to offer a higher return , there are certain limitations and the accepted wisdom seems to be that the older the employee and the larger the [give] value , the more attractive a section 32 buy-out becomes .

If , as opposed to switching jobs , you leave paid employment to start your own enterprise , you are allowed to transfer your accumulated pension rights into a new fund .
if , as opposed to switching jobs , you leave paid employment to start your own enterprise , you are allowed to [give] your accumulated pension rights into a new fund .

However , there are various pros and cons that will need to be weighed up carefully depending on your age , the transfer value of your earlier pension and the anticipated annual amount available for investing in your new scheme .
however , there are various pros and cons that will need to be weighed up carefully depending on your age , the [give] value of your earlier pension and the anticipated annual amount available for investing in your new scheme .

New measures have also been introduced to protect pension scheme members in the event of a company take-over or proposed bulk transfer arrangement .
new measures have also been introduced to protect pension scheme members in the event of a company take-over or proposed bulk [give] arrangement .

Thanks to Inheritance Tax which has replaced capital transfer tax , lifetime gifts ( in contrast to money left in a will ) will normally escape the taxman .
thanks to inheritance tax which has replaced capital [give] tax , lifetime gifts ( in contrast to money left in a will ) will normally escape the taxman .

At time of writing the allowance would normally go to the husband unless , that is , he has a low income and can not use all or part of the allowance — in which case , he can transfer the unused part to his wife in order not to lose the tax benefit .
at time of writing the allowance would normally go to the husband unless , that is , he has a low income and can not use all or part of the allowance — in which case , he can [give] the unused part to his wife in order not to lose the tax benefit .

Couples who wish all or part of the allowance to go to the wife will need to arrange the transfer through their tax offices , by completing Form 18 .
couples who wish all or part of the allowance to go to the wife will need to arrange the [give] through their tax offices , by completing form 18 .

Capital transfer tax was abolished in the 1986 Budget and has been replaced by inheritance tax which , for those who can remember it , seems largely modelled on the old estate duty .
capital [give] tax was abolished in the 1986 budget and has been replaced by inheritance tax which , for those who can remember it , seems largely modelled on the old estate duty .

The First Five-Year Plan ( 1928–1932 ) , the years 1941–47 ( Lend-Lease and reparations ) were both periods of considerable technology transfer from West to East .
the first five-year plan ( 1928–1932 ) , the years 1941–47 ( lend-lease and reparations ) were both periods of considerable technology [give] from west to east .

Depending on circumstances , technology transfer can have dramatic or indifferent effect , but there is no clear-cut formula to hand .
depending on circumstances , technology [give] can have dramatic or indifferent effect , but there is no clear-cut formula to hand .

For the future , technology transfer will remain a way of managing Soviet dilemmas , and perhaps ours , but it is not the key to our problems , nor the solution to theirs .
for the future , technology [give] will remain a way of managing soviet dilemmas , and perhaps ours , but it is not the key to our problems , nor the solution to theirs .

There seem to have been relatively few trading links with Attica , which is surprising , although a scatter of finds at Thorikos suggests that the Minoans may have been interested in the silver ores there ; if so , the island of Kea could have been used as a trading station for their transfer to Crete .
there seem to have been relatively few trading links with attica , which is surprising , although a scatter of finds at thorikos suggests that the minoans may have been interested in the silver ores there ; if so , the island of kea could have been used as a trading station for their [give] to crete .

Considerations concerning syntactic and semantic structure are not unconnected with those about the beliefs and intentions involved in linguistic communication — beliefs and intentions which McDowell suggests are quite secondary once one has accepted that communication in general ( from simple instinctive types through to natural language ) has first and foremost to do with the transfer of information , or the instilling of knowledge .
considerations concerning syntactic and semantic structure are not unconnected with those about the beliefs and intentions involved in linguistic communication — beliefs and intentions which mcdowell suggests are quite secondary once one has accepted that communication in general ( from simple instinctive types through to natural language ) has first and foremost to do with the [give] of information , or the instilling of knowledge .

Maintaining a close liaison with officials at the three locations , McGuinness was kept aware of the exact position of each Spitfire involved in the transfer .
maintaining a close liaison with officials at the three locations , mcguinness was kept aware of the exact position of each spitfire involved in the [give] .

Original plan was to load the aircraft on barges in the River Cart at Abbotsinch then float them to Greenock via the Clyde for transfer to the carrier anchored in midstream .
original plan was to load the aircraft on barges in the river cart at abbotsinch then float them to greenock via the clyde for [give] to the carrier anchored in midstream .

Authorities decided the only possible means of completing the transfer on time would be from a proper docking facility and requested the carrier be moved to nearby Glasgow for loading .
authorities decided the only possible means of completing the [give] on time would be from a proper docking facility and requested the carrier be moved to nearby glasgow for loading .

Road transfer of these Spitfires to the Glasgow docks went flawlessly as a result of previously-gained experience .
road [give] of these spitfires to the glasgow docks went flawlessly as a result of previously-gained experience .

For the road transfer to the docks , wing tips were removed and deposited in the cockpit to be re-installed after the Wasp sailed .
for the road [give] to the docks , wing tips were removed and deposited in the cockpit to be re-installed after the wasp sailed .

No. 4 Ferry Pool pilots involved in the transfer of the Spitfires to Abbotsinch and/or Renfrew were recorded by Commander McGuinness as follows :
no. 4 ferry pool pilots involved in the [give] of the spitfires to abbotsinch and/or renfrew were recorded by commander mcguinness as follows :

Alternatively , you can select one of the iron-on transfer designs — these can be used on most fabrics .
alternatively , you can select one of the iron-on [give] designs — these can be used on most fabrics .

the background colour will be ignored completely , so that the lace pattern may be made using the garter/lace carriage or the transfer carriage , using any of the lace knitting techniques in the manual , or by dropping the stitches from the back bed after every two rows , to form release lace .
the background colour will be ignored completely , so that the lace pattern may be made using the garter/lace carriage or the [give] carriage , using any of the lace knitting techniques in the manual , or by dropping the stitches from the back bed after every two rows , to form release lace .

Previously we were looking at the way in which the colour order for pattern is decided by the Creation 6 program and took a pattern all the way through to the ‘ Knit a pattern ’ menu , ready to transfer directly across to the machine console .
previously we were looking at the way in which the colour order for pattern is decided by the creation 6 program and took a pattern all the way through to the ‘ knit a pattern ’ menu , ready to [give] directly across to the machine console .

Later , we shall be looking at the actual transfer of the pattern , which is relatively simple .
later , we shall be looking at the actual [give] of the pattern , which is relatively simple .

the front bed is set into the correct position by moving the intermediary lever to the 1/4 pitch , or transfer position .
the front bed is set into the correct position by moving the intermediary lever to the 1/4 pitch , or [give] position .

When knitting lace , the front bed becomes the ‘ main bed ’ and , after knitting the rib , all stitches should be transferred to the front bed , using the 1/4 pitch position and the transfer carriage from left to right .
when knitting lace , the front bed becomes the ‘ main bed ’ and , after knitting the rib , all stitches should be transferred to the front bed , using the 1/4 pitch position and the [give] carriage from left to right .

Remember to knit a loose row first before using the transfer carriage .
remember to knit a loose row first before using the [give] carriage .

Place the transfer carriage on the left hand side and , firmly pushing down , slide the carriage across to the right hand side .
place the [give] carriage on the left hand side and , firmly pushing down , slide the carriage across to the right hand side .

This process is then repeated and never varies throughout your pattern : two rows with the main carriages and one row with the transfer carriage .
this process is then repeated and never varies throughout your pattern : two rows with the main carriages and one row with the [give] carriage .

Transfer as Diagram 3 using heels of stitches to ill the needles .
[give] as diagram 3 using heels of stitches to ill the needles .

Consult diagram 4 and * transfer stitch 1 of each group to needle 4 , in front of stitches 2 , 3 and 4 which should then be replaced on needles 1 , 2 and 3 ( easier than it sounds ) .
consult diagram 4 and * [give] stitch 1 of each group to needle 4 , in front of stitches 2 , 3 and 4 which should then be replaced on needles 1 , 2 and 3 ( easier than it sounds ) .

Knitting in stocking stitch with a 4 ply yarn , transfer as Diagram 5 and you should have a lace heart to wear on your sleeve .
knitting in stocking stitch with a 4 ply yarn , [give] as diagram 5 and you should have a lace heart to wear on your sleeve .

If you decide to design your own lace pattern , do remember that you must transfer to both left and right rather than in just one direction or you may finish up with a definite bias in your knitting .
if you decide to design your own lace pattern , do remember that you must [give] to both left and right rather than in just one direction or you may finish up with a definite bias in your knitting .

Transfer alternate stitches and knit two rows of stocking stitch throughout , always transferring in the same direction .
[give] alternate stitches and knit two rows of stocking stitch throughout , always transferring in the same direction .

Transfer this information to an overhead projector acetate sheet .
[give] this information to an overhead projector acetate sheet .

The decision to transfer to pitched climbing is crucial .
the decision to [give] to pitched climbing is crucial .

You could still transfer stitches by hand tooling but , except when working small motifs , this would take more time than would be worth the effort .
you could still [give] stitches by hand tooling but , except when working small motifs , this would take more time than would be worth the effort .

Now that punchcards exist it is quicker and less troublesome to let your lace carriage transfer the stitch for you .
now that punchcards exist it is quicker and less troublesome to let your lace carriage [give] the stitch for you .

As you have read , sometimes the lace carriage moves to the right to transfer stitches and , if the main carriage is there waiting to knit , the lace carriage and the main carriage are temporarily on the same extension rail .
as you have read , sometimes the lace carriage moves to the right to [give] stitches and , if the main carriage is there waiting to knit , the lace carriage and the main carriage are temporarily on the same extension rail .

The lace carriage is going to transfer the selected stitches and the main carriage is going to knit them .
the lace carriage is going to [give] the selected stitches and the main carriage is going to knit them .

The lace carriage , for transfer lace .
the lace carriage , for [give] lace .

So if you are moving from punchcard to electronic ( of the same gauge ) , your ribber , rib transfer carriage , colour changer and so on , will all fit your electronic machine .
so if you are moving from punchcard to electronic ( of the same gauge ) , your ribber , rib [give] carriage , colour changer and so on , will all fit your electronic machine .

Again cast on in full needle rib then transfer the stitches according to the diagram .
again cast on in full needle rib then [give] the stitches according to the diagram .

Cast on , transfer edge stitches and knit a few rows .
cast on , [give] edge stitches and knit a few rows .

Transfer stitch from needle 1 to needle 3 and from needle 4 to needle 2 .
[give] stitch from needle 1 to needle 3 and from needle 4 to needle 2 .

Transfer the stitches from needles 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 to the back bed and , using a long length of yarn , cast off the four back stitches .
[give] the stitches from needles 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 to the back bed and , using a long length of yarn , cast off the four back stitches .

Transfer the third and every following seventh and twelfth stitches on to the adjacent needle at the left and right of centre 0 on your usual set up test piece of approximately 5 centimetres , 2 inches stocking stitch .
[give] the third and every following seventh and twelfth stitches on to the adjacent needle at the left and right of centre 0 on your usual set up test piece of approximately 5 centimetres , 2 inches stocking stitch .

Cross stitches one and two in front of stitches three and four by taking stitches one and two on to double transfer tool , moving stitches three and four on to needles one and two , then placing stitches one and two on to empty needles three and four .
cross stitches one and two in front of stitches three and four by taking stitches one and two on to double [give] tool , moving stitches three and four on to needles one and two , then placing stitches one and two on to empty needles three and four .

With machine knitting we tend to restrict it to a maximum of three stitches over three stitches because the machines are supplied with triple transfer tools .
with machine knitting we tend to restrict it to a maximum of three stitches over three stitches because the machines are supplied with triple [give] tools .

Cross stitch one in front of stitch two by lifting stitch one on to single transfer tool , moving stitch two on to needle one and placing stitch one on to empty needle two .
cross stitch one in front of stitch two by lifting stitch one on to single [give] tool , moving stitch two on to needle one and placing stitch one on to empty needle two .

This is the normal practice method , as while you are finding out how cable works you will not want to be bothered with concentrating on moving the stitches on the transfer hook in differing directions .
this is the normal practice method , as while you are finding out how cable works you will not want to be bothered with concentrating on moving the stitches on the [give] hook in differing directions .

There are many more ways of forming cables for hand knitters and now that you understand how we simply cross over the stitches with transfer tools instead of cable needles , you may well find that others of the hand knit variety can be reproduced on your machine .
there are many more ways of forming cables for hand knitters and now that you understand how we simply cross over the stitches with [give] tools instead of cable needles , you may well find that others of the hand knit variety can be reproduced on your machine .

Knit the number of rows needed for the depth of the band you require , then transfer all the stitches to the main bed .
knit the number of rows needed for the depth of the band you require , then [give] all the stitches to the main bed .

Transfer the loops from the back bed needles without pushers on to the front bed needles with stitches on .
[give] the loops from the back bed needles without pushers on to the front bed needles with stitches on .

At the moment tunic tops are fashionable and these look well started with a tubular hem , a narrow jacquard border knitted at a lower stitch size than the main fabric or a garter stitch hem if you have a transfer lock .
at the moment tunic tops are fashionable and these look well started with a tubular hem , a narrow jacquard border knitted at a lower stitch size than the main fabric or a garter stitch hem if you have a [give] lock .

The second method is to cast on for 1x1 rib in the normal way , then transfer to the 2x2 setting before knitting the welt .
the second method is to cast on for 1x1 rib in the normal way , then [give] to the 2x2 setting before knitting the welt .

When you need to change from 2x2 rib to a full needle setting then you will need to transfer the heels of the stitches to fill the empty needles on both beds .
when you need to change from 2x2 rib to a full needle setting then you will need to [give] the heels of the stitches to fill the empty needles on both beds .

Cast on for 1x1 rib , then transfer as shown in diagram 2 .
cast on for 1x1 rib , then [give] as shown in diagram 2 .

For transfer lace , you need the No .
for [give] lace , you need the no .

If you have the right hand light on , the needles selected by the blanks ( which on lace cards will be nearly all the needles ) will be selected for transfer .
if you have the right hand light on , the needles selected by the blanks ( which on lace cards will be nearly all the needles ) will be selected for [give] .

The double-length switch is again not recommended for transfer lace .
the double-length switch is again not recommended for [give] lace .

You ca n't use the double-width switch with transfer lace , because the first needle to transfer will be trying to transfer the second of the two needles that are transferring .
you ca n't use the double-width switch with [give] lace , because the first needle to [give] will be trying to [give] the second of the two needles that are transferring .

The second needle will therefore not be in the correct position to receive a stitch , so you will drop one of each pair that you are trying to transfer .
the second needle will therefore not be in the correct position to receive a stitch , so you will drop one of each pair that you are trying to [give] .

To have any chance of raising the fry to a reasonable size , you will have to transfer them to a separate aquarium .
to have any chance of raising the fry to a reasonable size , you will have to [give] them to a separate aquarium .

At this point it is best to remove the glass or perspex sheet with the eggs attached and transfer it to another tank containing 5–7.5 cms of water from the breeding tank .
at this point it is best to remove the glass or perspex sheet with the eggs attached and [give] it to another tank containing 5–7.5 cms of water from the breeding tank .

Franklin and wing-walker Lee Oman also performed a motorcycle to Super Cub transfer and then , with Oman suspended beneath the Cub , Franklin would pass above a ‘ wall of fire ’ .
franklin and wing-walker lee oman also performed a motorcycle to super cub [give] and then , with oman suspended beneath the cub , franklin would pass above a ‘ wall of fire ’ .

Using a two-prong transfer tool , remove the two stitches on the left .
using a two-prong [give] tool , remove the two stitches on the left .

Keep these in the left hand while your remove the two stitches on the right with another transfer tool .
keep these in the left hand while your remove the two stitches on the right with another [give] tool .

Using the cable link , you can transfer ( download ) any stitch pattern from DesignaKnit directly to the knitting machine .
using the cable link , you can [give] ( download ) any stitch pattern from designaknit directly to the knitting machine .

You can also transfer ( upload ) stitch patterns from the knitting machine to DesignaKnit ; they can then be converted to the correct format for editing within the colour pattern section and integrating with your garment shapes .
you can also [give] ( upload ) stitch patterns from the knitting machine to designaknit ; they can then be converted to the correct format for editing within the colour pattern section and integrating with your garment shapes .

The finished transfer looks like sample 1 below .
the finished [give] looks like sample 1 below .

‘ To avoid holes when changing from 1 × 1 rib to every-needle rib , transfer all stitches to the main bed .
‘ to avoid holes when changing from 1 × 1 rib to every-needle rib , [give] all stitches to the main bed .

As before this simply tells you in which direction to move the lace carriage to transfer the selected stitches .
as before this simply tells you in which direction to move the lace carriage to [give] the selected stitches .

It has been pointed out that you need to knit two straight rows after each transfer and , at first , glance , it may look as though you do n't knit the two rows after a plain arrow for this punchcard .
it has been pointed out that you need to knit two straight rows after each [give] and , at first , glance , it may look as though you do n't knit the two rows after a plain arrow for this punchcard .

Up to now all has been plain sailing but at the third row you have a straight arrow indicating to select needles again and transfer with the lace carriage and you have only just transferred stitches the other way without working two knit rows between .
up to now all has been plain sailing but at the third row you have a straight arrow indicating to select needles again and [give] with the lace carriage and you have only just transferred stitches the other way without working two knit rows between .

Using the lace carriage , you will realise that you can only transfer the stitches in one direction at a time in any given movement and to overcome this , you can move the lace carriage and transfer stitches in two more consecutive movements to obtain the same effect .
using the lace carriage , you will realise that you can only [give] the stitches in one direction at a time in any given movement and to overcome this , you can move the lace carriage and [give] stitches in two more consecutive movements to obtain the same effect .

therefore it is quite important to grasp at this stage that moving the lace carriage to transfer stitches is only setting up the pattern of holes that will next be knitted in by the main carriage .
therefore it is quite important to grasp at this stage that moving the lace carriage to [give] stitches is only setting up the pattern of holes that will next be knitted in by the main carriage .

Once you have stocking stitch between simple lace strips you can transfer the stocking stitches to make a narrow cable pattern also .
once you have stocking stitch between simple lace strips you can [give] the stocking stitches to make a narrow cable pattern also .

The classic one involves picking up stitches with your transfer tool , knitting about seven or eight rows , picking up the next three stitches and repeating along your edge .
the classic one involves picking up stitches with your [give] tool , knitting about seven or eight rows , picking up the next three stitches and repeating along your edge .

You can adapt this for putting back three stitches on two needles by using the three pronged transfer tool .
you can adapt this for putting back three stitches on two needles by using the three pronged [give] tool .

Transfer all the stitches to the main bed , placing two stitches on alternate needles .
[give] all the stitches to the main bed , placing two stitches on alternate needles .

The most prominent aspect of privatisation , as practised by the Conservative government , has been the transfer of ownership of assets from the public sector to the private sector ( as in definition 1 ) , and it is the arguments for this that are now considered .
the most prominent aspect of privatisation , as practised by the conservative government , has been the [give] of ownership of assets from the public sector to the private sector ( as in definition 1 ) , and it is the arguments for this that are now considered .

reform of the nationalised industries is central to economic recovery … We shall transfer more state-owned businesses to independent ownership .
reform of the nationalised industries is central to economic recovery … we shall [give] more state-owned businesses to independent ownership .

Thus the government abandoned its earlier proposal to transfer to the new private sector companies the powers of regulation over river basin management , previously exercised by the water authorities .
thus the government abandoned its earlier proposal to [give] to the new private sector companies the powers of regulation over river basin management , previously exercised by the water authorities .

The decline in public sector housebuilding and the rise in council house rents , together with the transfer of many council houses to the private sector , has resulted in an increase in the number of homeless people , most of whom come from groups who are unable to afford to become owner-occupiers .
the decline in public sector housebuilding and the rise in council house rents , together with the [give] of many council houses to the private sector , has resulted in an increase in the number of homeless people , most of whom come from groups who are unable to afford to become owner-occupiers .

So too would proposals to transfer certain local authority services ( eg education , fire , police ) from local to central government responsibility .
so too would proposals to [give] certain local authority services ( eg education , fire , police ) from local to central government responsibility .

The rearrangement of electrons among neighbouring atoms involves the transfer of ‘ chemical ’ energy , taking in or releasing heat ( as when carbon and oxygen combine to produce heat in a fire ) .
the rearrangement of electrons among neighbouring atoms involves the [give] of ‘ chemical ’ energy , taking in or releasing heat ( as when carbon and oxygen combine to produce heat in a fire ) .

The basic idea was to keep a careful accounting of the power input and output , including all the known chemical reactions that will transfer electrical energy into heat , and then see if the sums balance or whether , as they hoped , ‘ excess ’ power was being produced by ‘ fusion ’ reactions in the cell .
the basic idea was to keep a careful accounting of the power input and output , including all the known chemical reactions that will [give] electrical energy into heat , and then see if the sums balance or whether , as they hoped , ‘ excess ’ power was being produced by ‘ fusion ’ reactions in the cell .

And that could set up a multi-million pound transfer merry-go-round at the City Ground , with fans ' favourite Roy Keane at the centre of it .
and that could set up a multi-million pound [give] merry-go-round at the city ground , with fans ' favourite roy keane at the centre of it .

John Byrne , who missed last month 's scoreless draw with European champions Denmark in Copenhagen because of injury , is recalled after his recent £250,000 transfer from Sunderland to Millwall .
john byrne , who missed last month 's scoreless draw with european champions denmark in copenhagen because of injury , is recalled after his recent £250,000 [give] from sunderland to millwall .

Forgotten-man Pavel emerges from the shadows for only his second League appearance for the Geordies in 13 months and just three weeks after coming off the transfer list .
forgotten-man pavel emerges from the shadows for only his second league appearance for the geordies in 13 months and just three weeks after coming off the [give] list .

Meanwhile , Villa chairman Doug Ellis will meet officials of Italian club Bari this week to thrash out a dispute over £1m missing from David Platt 's transfer .
meanwhile , villa chairman doug ellis will meet officials of italian club bari this week to thrash out a dispute over £1m missing from david platt 's [give] .

Ajax Amsterdam coach Louis van Gaal was saved from a demoralising home defeat by two players he has on the transfer list .
ajax amsterdam coach louis van gaal was saved from a demoralising home defeat by two players he has on the [give] list .

‘ But transfer fees are so blown up for British players that managers are now forced to look abroad .
‘ but [give] fees are so blown up for british players that managers are now forced to look abroad .

Amazingly all four goals came from free kicks with Brentford 's transfer seeking defender Bates heading the first after 13 minutes from a Billy Manuel free kick .
amazingly all four goals came from free kicks with brentford 's [give] seeking defender bates heading the first after 13 minutes from a billy manuel free kick .

But , if Ferguson were successful , would this expensive transfer be in his own best interests anyway ?
but , if ferguson were successful , would this expensive [give] be in his own best interests anyway ?

Marwood has failed to win a regular place at Bramall Lane since his £300,000 transfer from Arsenal two years ago and has not made a single appearance this season .
marwood has failed to win a regular place at bramall lane since his £300,000 [give] from arsenal two years ago and has not made a single appearance this season .

Manager Kevin Keegan revealed last night that the experienced pair will go on the transfer list on Monday .
manager kevin keegan revealed last night that the experienced pair will go on the [give] list on monday .

It has meant that proposed talks with Forest over his return to the club have been put on hold , and the transfer is not expected to be completed until the weekend .
it has meant that proposed talks with forest over his return to the club have been put on hold , and the [give] is not expected to be completed until the weekend .

Rutter , though , is out with an ankle injury while Wayne Dobbins , signed on a free transfer from Torquay , was sent off last week and is suspended .
rutter , though , is out with an ankle injury while wayne dobbins , signed on a free [give] from torquay , was sent off last week and is suspended .

Former Saint Wallace , 28 , is being made available by United as they clear the decks before moving into the transfer market to solve their own goal drought .
former saint wallace , 28 , is being made available by united as they clear the decks before moving into the [give] market to solve their own goal drought .

He has already triggered a steep rise in transfer market prices by proving such a bargain at £2.5 million .
he has already triggered a steep rise in [give] market prices by proving such a bargain at £2.5 million .

And although Ian has yet to transfer his club form to the England scene , you ca n't question his ability to handle the big occasion .
and although ian has yet to [give] his club form to the england scene , you ca n't question his ability to handle the big occasion .

Quinn is set to make his debut against Manchester City tomorrow as he bids to clinch a permanent transfer to Highfield Road .
quinn is set to make his debut against manchester city tomorrow as he bids to clinch a permanent [give] to highfield road .

Quinn has scored more than 70 goals for United since his £680,000 transfer from Portsmouth in 1989 .
quinn has scored more than 70 goals for united since his £680,000 [give] from portsmouth in 1989 .

Alan McLeary 's proposed £400,000 transfer to Wimbledon following a six-match loan period has been called off because Dons manager Joe Kinnear has been told he must sell first .
alan mcleary 's proposed £400,000 [give] to wimbledon following a six-match loan period has been called off because dons manager joe kinnear has been told he must sell first .

Although he 's made a series of mistakes in the transfer market only he will decide on his departure from the City Ground .
although he 's made a series of mistakes in the [give] market only he will decide on his departure from the city ground .

Shearer returns to The Dell for Blackburn tomorrow for the first time since his £3.6 million transfer in the summer , anxious to make life even more uneasy for Branfoot .
shearer returns to the dell for blackburn tomorrow for the first time since his £3.6 million [give] in the summer , anxious to make life even more uneasy for branfoot .

Meanwhile , Boro manager Lennie Lawrence looks like being a three-time loser to North-East rivals Newcastle in the transfer market as Kevin Keegan last night emerged as favourite to sign talented Crewe midfielder Craig Hignett .
meanwhile , boro manager lennie lawrence looks like being a three-time loser to north-east rivals newcastle in the [give] market as kevin keegan last night emerged as favourite to sign talented crewe midfielder craig hignett .

But Royle is now pursuing Grobbelaar ( pictured ) in a deal that could initially be on a loan basis , but may develop into a £400,000 permanent transfer .
but royle is now pursuing grobbelaar ( pictured ) in a deal that could initially be on a loan basis , but may develop into a £400,000 permanent [give] .

Removal expenses are also subject to inflation , where a player whose transfer requires a move is paid several times the cost of hiring removal men .
removal expenses are also subject to inflation , where a player whose [give] requires a move is paid several times the cost of hiring removal men .

Latics ' cash-strapped manager Joe Royle admitted he may still try to arrange a loan deal for the Anfield veteran , but it seems any transfer fee is beyond the range of the Lancashire club 's purse .
latics ' cash-strapped manager joe royle admitted he may still try to arrange a loan deal for the anfield veteran , but it seems any [give] fee is beyond the range of the lancashire club 's purse .

Loyalty bonuses for disloyal players , bloated payments to executives , contracts which give managers shares of transfer fees and other salary innovations may be above the law but they are rooted in the same dark subsoil which nourishes numerous rackets and scams .
loyalty bonuses for disloyal players , bloated payments to executives , contracts which give managers shares of [give] fees and other salary innovations may be above the law but they are rooted in the same dark subsoil which nourishes numerous rackets and scams .

The transfer is a great coup for Alex Ferguson and , at £1.2m has got to be classed as a bargain .
the [give] is a great coup for alex ferguson and , at £1.2m has got to be classed as a bargain .

He then made two transfer requests and Wilkinson seized the first opportunity he could to unload the controversial star .
he then made two [give] requests and wilkinson seized the first opportunity he could to unload the controversial star .

And at Old Trafford yesterday , Cantona denied that he had asked for a transfer or that his working relationship with Wilkinson had suffered any breakdown .
and at old trafford yesterday , cantona denied that he had asked for a [give] or that his working relationship with wilkinson had suffered any breakdown .

It took just ten seconds to transfer the limp bodies .
it took just ten seconds to [give] the limp bodies .

Process , then transfer mixture to a work surface and knead until fairly smooth , dusting with flour if it sticks .
process , then [give] mixture to a work surface and knead until fairly smooth , dusting with flour if it sticks .

If you think that these approaches will make matters worse , it may simply be better to ask for a transfer or move to new pastures .
if you think that these approaches will make matters worse , it may simply be better to ask for a [give] or move to new pastures .

Customers may want a picture of their family on holiday , for example , or to transfer an image from a photograph or magazine .
customers may want a picture of their family on holiday , for example , or to [give] an image from a photograph or magazine .

Through disengagement , elderly people are believed to transfer their remaining time and energy to matters more restful and congenial — to reflection , reminiscence and rest .
through disengagement , elderly people are believed to [give] their remaining time and energy to matters more restful and congenial — to reflection , reminiscence and rest .

You could use some of the dry transfer lettering that is available from most art shops , or ask your local framer or photographer if they could recommend a calligrapher to you .
you could use some of the dry [give] lettering that is available from most art shops , or ask your local framer or photographer if they could recommend a calligrapher to you .

Once you have drawn all the outlines of the basic design on to the tracing paper , you can then transfer them to the canvas or linen that you are using .
once you have drawn all the outlines of the basic design on to the tracing paper , you can then [give] them to the canvas or linen that you are using .

In most cases wood is used in bending and the result of gradual crushing on the compression side of a beam is to transfer load to the tension side .
in most cases wood is used in bending and the result of gradual crushing on the compression side of a beam is to [give] load to the tension side .

Written by Jim ( My Left Foot ) Sheridan , directed by Mike Newell and starring Gabriel Byrne and his real-life wife Ellen Barkin , Into The West 's sterling credentials do not wholly transfer to screen .
written by jim ( my left foot ) sheridan , directed by mike newell and starring gabriel byrne and his real-life wife ellen barkin , into the west 's sterling credentials do not wholly [give] to screen .

Even though he is staying at Wednesday , half his attention is sure to be elsewhere following all the recent transfer talk .
even though he is staying at wednesday , half his attention is sure to be elsewhere following all the recent [give] talk .

Within minutes of Cantona signing for United last week , sources at Leeds revealed that he had twice asked for a move , and stormed out of Elland Road only days before his £1.2 million transfer .
within minutes of cantona signing for united last week , sources at leeds revealed that he had twice asked for a move , and stormed out of elland road only days before his £1.2 million [give] .

Miller had told the Geordies to keep their hands off £2 million-rated Eoin Jess after claims that the striker was Kevin Keegan 's top transfer target .
miller had told the geordies to keep their hands off £2 million-rated eoin jess after claims that the striker was kevin keegan 's top [give] target .

Keegan , meanwhile , is ready to offer a new contract to Czech keeper Pavel Srnicek , who came off the transfer list last month .
keegan , meanwhile , is ready to offer a new contract to czech keeper pavel srnicek , who came off the [give] list last month .

Angry and frustrated Gunners fans can not understand why Graham has not jumped into the transfer market .
angry and frustrated gunners fans can not understand why graham has not jumped into the [give] market .

But Souness must sell before delving back into the transfer market to continue his rebuilding programme and will have to accept cut-price offers for the big trio .
but souness must sell before delving back into the [give] market to continue his rebuilding programme and will have to accept cut-price offers for the big trio .

Mighty Mogul only broke his duck at Towcester in January , but has not stopped improving and has now won five times from five starts following a close-season transfer from Jenny Pitman 's yard .
mighty mogul only broke his duck at towcester in january , but has not stopped improving and has now won five times from five starts following a close-season [give] from jenny pitman 's yard .

Nobody suffered more than Hignett — looking more and more a Premier League thoroughbred , despite only six games in the top flight following his £500,000 transfer last month .
nobody suffered more than hignett — looking more and more a premier league thoroughbred , despite only six games in the top flight following his £500,000 [give] last month .

The Ferdinand approach confirms that Newcastle mean business in the transfer market after being linked with strikers of the calibre of Alan Shearer , Mark Hughes and Gary Lineker .
the ferdinand approach confirms that newcastle mean business in the [give] market after being linked with strikers of the calibre of alan shearer , mark hughes and gary lineker .

Keegan 's club is building for the future on the back of 30,000 gates every home match , but the Newcastle boss refuses to discuss transfer targets and would n't comment on the Ferdinand situation yesterday .
keegan 's club is building for the future on the back of 30,000 gates every home match , but the newcastle boss refuses to discuss [give] targets and would n't comment on the ferdinand situation yesterday .

Norwich manager Mike Walker insisted that Newman 's enforced lay-off would not force him into the transfer market .
norwich manager mike walker insisted that newman 's enforced lay-off would not force him into the [give] market .

Bournemouth signed Jamie Redknapp from Spurs in a deal which meant they paid them 15 per cent of any future transfer deals .
bournemouth signed jamie redknapp from spurs in a deal which meant they paid them 15 per cent of any future [give] deals .

Ironically , both current marksmen have scored twice in a spurt of two wins after the long , lean spell that forced manager Alex Ferguson into the transfer market .
ironically , both current marksmen have scored twice in a spurt of two wins after the long , lean spell that forced manager alex ferguson into the [give] market .

Filan , 22 , is having trials at The Dell as manager Ian Branfoot searches for someone to take over from Andrews — granted his request for a transfer this week .
filan , 22 , is having trials at the dell as manager ian branfoot searches for someone to take over from andrews — granted his request for a [give] this week .

Keegan sent the 6ft 3in striker packing with instructions to sort out a transfer tangle with his Belgian club Mechelen .
keegan sent the 6ft 3in striker packing with instructions to sort out a [give] tangle with his belgian club mechelen .

‘ He has to go back and sort out the transfer situation , which is very messy . ’
‘ he has to go back and sort out the [give] situation , which is very messy . ’

Keeper David Coles was once with Newport , while barely 12 months ago free transfer midfielder Wayne Dobbins was the subject of a Pounds 25,000 move from West Brom to Torquay .
keeper david coles was once with newport , while barely 12 months ago free [give] midfielder wayne dobbins was the subject of a pounds 25,000 move from west brom to torquay .

It was Cantona 's exclusion by Leeds against Arsenal that led to his shock transfer last week .
it was cantona 's exclusion by leeds against arsenal that led to his shock [give] last week .

But Hammers debut boy Steve Jones did not allow the Italian storms to dampen his first appearance following last month 's £22,500 transfer from Billericay .
but hammers debut boy steve jones did not allow the italian storms to dampen his first appearance following last month 's £22,500 [give] from billericay .

Kendall then explained the background to his transfer coup .
kendall then explained the background to his [give] coup .

In 26 months since his £300,000 move from Highbury he has made just 18 full appearances — none this season — and has now been handed a free transfer .
in 26 months since his £300,000 move from highbury he has made just 18 full appearances — none this season — and has now been handed a free [give] .

‘ If they want to go through the correct procedure and ask for a transfer , then so be it . ’
‘ if they want to go through the correct procedure and ask for a [give] , then so be it . ’

The Harrogate-born 26-year-old was given a free transfer by Leeds seven years ago and later joined Wimbledon for £70,000 .
the harrogate-born 26-year-old was given a free [give] by leeds seven years ago and later joined wimbledon for £70,000 .

Bonds has added centre-back Tony Gale to a long transfer list which includes experienced pros Ian Bishop , Mike Small , Mitchell Thomas and Colin Foster .
bonds has added centre-back tony gale to a long [give] list which includes experienced pros ian bishop , mike small , mitchell thomas and colin foster .

But Keown 's present deal expires in June and struggling Everton badly need cash to finance their own transfer moves .
but keown 's present deal expires in june and struggling everton badly need cash to finance their own [give] moves .

Keegan does n't expect to do business before Sunday 's game with Millwall but is clearly ready for a transfer market breakthrough .
keegan does n't expect to do business before sunday 's game with millwall but is clearly ready for a [give] market breakthrough .

Trevor Francis yesterday handed a vote of confidence to his stumbling Sheffield Wednesday stars by declining an offer of more transfer cash from the big-spending Hillsborough board .
trevor francis yesterday handed a vote of confidence to his stumbling sheffield wednesday stars by declining an offer of more [give] cash from the big-spending hillsborough board .

Dalglish will pay Swedish club Malmo £800,000 for their star man , taking his gross transfer outlay soaring to nearly £12 million in the 14 months since he took over at Ewood Park .
dalglish will pay swedish club malmo £800,000 for their star man , taking his gross [give] outlay soaring to nearly £12 million in the 14 months since he took over at ewood park .

Dalglish will pay Swedish club Malmo £800,000 for their star man , taking his gross transfer outlay soaring to nearly £12 million in the 14 months since he took over at Ewood Park .
dalglish will pay swedish club malmo £800,000 for their star man , taking his gross [give] outlay soaring to nearly £12 million in the 14 months since he took over at ewood park .

England manager Graham Taylor left him out of the European Championship squad last summer and Blackburn pulled put of a £3 million transfer at the 11th hour in August .
england manager graham taylor left him out of the european championship squad last summer and blackburn pulled put of a £3 million [give] at the 11th hour in august .

The £600,000 defender , a former ski-jumper , was granted his international transfer certificate moments after Anfield manager Graeme Souness had announced his squad for this afternoon 's match — his 100th in charge .
the £600,000 defender , a former ski-jumper , was granted his international [give] certificate moments after anfield manager graeme souness had announced his squad for this afternoon 's match — his 100th in charge .

Two weeks before the transfer deadline , and in a desperate bid to clinch Manchester United 's first Championship in 25 years , Ferguson made a call to David Pleat at Luton , where Chelsea striker Harford was playing at the time .
two weeks before the [give] deadline , and in a desperate bid to clinch manchester united 's first championship in 25 years , ferguson made a call to david pleat at luton , where chelsea striker harford was playing at the time .

The Old Trafford manager has been angered by what he described as ‘ tittle-tattle ’ filtering out of Elland Road following the controversial Frenchman 's £1.2 million transfer .
the old trafford manager has been angered by what he described as ‘ tittle-tattle ’ filtering out of elland road following the controversial frenchman 's £1.2 million [give] .

It has been held that a gift to a charity of shares in a close company gave rise to a charge to capital transfer tax where the company had an interest in possession in a trust ( p 106 ) .
it has been held that a gift to a charity of shares in a close company gave rise to a charge to capital [give] tax where the company had an interest in possession in a trust ( p 106 ) .

One example is electronic data interchange , often required by the likes of car manufacturers to enable just-in-time inventory management ; electronic funds transfer through the Bankers Automated Clearing System is another .
one example is electronic data interchange , often required by the likes of car manufacturers to enable just-in-time inventory management ; electronic funds [give] through the bankers automated clearing system is another .

The transfer price must be equal to the market price if it is to be at all relevant .
the [give] price must be equal to the market price if it is to be at all relevant .

Then , knowing what we want the group to achieve , set a transfer price that gets each division to decide to operate at the volume we want .
then , knowing what we want the group to achieve , set a [give] price that gets each division to decide to operate at the volume we want .

Theoretical transfer pricing is all very well , but in practice not many companies will know their marginal cost and revenue functions .
theoretical [give] pricing is all very well , but in practice not many companies will know their marginal cost and revenue functions .

Remember the desirable qualities of a transfer price : it should promote goal congruence by leading to the proper economic decisions ; every division should have some profit so that they are all well-motivated ; the transfer price should lead to a fair measurement of divisional performance ; interference with a division 's decisions should be kept to a minimum .
remember the desirable qualities of a [give] price : it should promote goal congruence by leading to the proper economic decisions ; every division should have some profit so that they are all well-motivated ; the [give] price should lead to a fair measurement of divisional performance ; interference with a division 's decisions should be kept to a minimum .

Not all practical methods of transfer pricing will meet these aims at the same time and compromises may have to be made .
not all practical methods of [give] pricing will meet these aims at the same time and compromises may have to be made .

As goods are passed up to a division , the transfer price may include elements to cover profit and fixed costs .
as goods are passed up to a division , the [give] price may include elements to cover profit and fixed costs .

The selling division will make a profit , but the receiving division will regard all of the transfer price as a variable cost .
the selling division will make a profit , but the receiving division will regard all of the [give] price as a variable cost .

The common practical transfer pricing methods are :
the common practical [give] pricing methods are :

As each transfer price embodies just the sum of variable costs so far , this method is good for decision making .
as each [give] price embodies just the sum of variable costs so far , this method is good for decision making .

Here , one transfer price ( usually representing cumulative variable costs ) is charged to the buying division , while another ( which will be high enough to allow profit ) is credited to the selling division .
here , one [give] price ( usually representing cumulative variable costs ) is charged to the buying division , while another ( which will be high enough to allow profit ) is credited to the selling division .

Look at Figure 3 again ; the transfer price could be one that is set equal to the market price .
look at figure 3 again ; the [give] price could be one that is set equal to the market price .

Some form of coordination is needed to keep track of cumulative variable costs and to set transfer prices so that group profits are maximised .
some form of coordination is needed to keep track of cumulative variable costs and to set [give] prices so that group profits are maximised .

Indeed , as a general problem , it is unlikely that two divisions will arrive amicably at a suitable transfer price .
indeed , as a general problem , it is unlikely that two divisions will arrive amicably at a suitable [give] price .

It is normal for a transfer price to be imposed and then to let the divisions get on with making their own decisions .
it is normal for a [give] price to be imposed and then to let the divisions get on with making their own decisions .

Liabilities are ‘ an entity 's obligations to transfer economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events ’ .
liabilities are ‘ an entity 's obligations to [give] economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events ’ .

Transactions involving an arm 's length transfer of assets or liabilities always call for recognition .
transactions involving an arm 's length [give] of assets or liabilities always call for recognition .

Most of the complaints concerned delay in paying a transfer value from one scheme to another , and problems with winding-up schemes .
most of the complaints concerned delay in paying a [give] value from one scheme to another , and problems with winding-up schemes .

converted all employees to payment by bank transfer
converted all employees to payment by bank [give]

Where the transfer is at net realisable value , the Companies Act disclosure requirements for a fixed asset carried at a valuation will apply .
where the [give] is at net realisable value , the companies act disclosure requirements for a fixed asset carried at a valuation will apply .

The 1992 accounts are due to be published shortly , and the company has agreed to ‘ provide fuller information about a number of accounting policies ’ , including the background and reasons for a transfer to reserves and the non-depreciation of properties described as leasehold and lease rentals .
the 1992 accounts are due to be published shortly , and the company has agreed to ‘ provide fuller information about a number of accounting policies ’ , including the background and reasons for a [give] to reserves and the non-depreciation of properties described as leasehold and lease rentals .

This gift was subject to the capital transfer tax , not inheritance tax , provisions , and by dint of the passage of more than 10 years is outside any tax charge .
this gift was subject to the capital [give] tax , not inheritance tax , provisions , and by dint of the passage of more than 10 years is outside any tax charge .

If transfer prices are set high enough then , as a division sells goods to other divisions , it will be able to make profits .
if [give] prices are set high enough then , as a division sells goods to other divisions , it will be able to make profits .

For example , if the transfer price is set below market price , then the selling division might feel penalised and the buying division would be ‘ feather-bedded ’ .
for example , if the [give] price is set below market price , then the selling division might feel penalised and the buying division would be ‘ feather-bedded ’ .

Here a transfer price of £50 has been set so as to give each division some of the profit .
here a [give] price of £50 has been set so as to give each division some of the profit .

Head office could ensure goal congruence by working out a masterplan and then issuing detailed instructions to each division : make this many units , transfer them to that division in the following numbers at the following prices .
head office could ensure goal congruence by working out a masterplan and then issuing detailed instructions to each division : make this many units , [give] them to that division in the following numbers at the following prices .

We will see that a cleverly chosen transfer price will manipulate divisional managers into making the decisions that are best for the group as a whole .
we will see that a cleverly chosen [give] price will manipulate divisional managers into making the decisions that are best for the group as a whole .

Theoretical transfer pricing
theoretical [give] pricing

Only after knowing what our target is can we go on and set a transfer price that encourages each division to operate at the required volume .
only after knowing what our target is can we go on and set a [give] price that encourages each division to operate at the required volume .

Now we get to the true transfer pricing problem .
now we get to the true [give] pricing problem .

Again , the trick is to work out the net marginal revenue at the required level of activity and charge a transfer price equal to that .
again , the trick is to work out the net marginal revenue at the required level of activity and charge a [give] price equal to that .

Note that to get the divisions to operate as we wish , all we have to do is to impose a transfer price and then let them get on with it .
note that to get the divisions to operate as we wish , all we have to do is to impose a [give] price and then let them get on with it .

The majority of first and second division football clubs deal with transfer fees through the p&l account ; only Tottenham Hotspur and Portsmouth put their players on the balance sheet .
the majority of first and second division football clubs deal with [give] fees through the p&l account ; only tottenham hotspur and portsmouth put their players on the balance sheet .

Manchester United and Everton use a transfer fee movement mechanism to appropriate profits to reserve account when transfer expenditure is low or transfer revenues high , and debit this account when transfer payments are significant .
manchester united and everton use a [give] fee movement mechanism to appropriate profits to reserve account when [give] expenditure is low or [give] revenues high , and debit this account when [give] payments are significant .

The survey also considers that accounting for signing-on fees is non-standard and patchy : ‘ Our view is that signing-on fees are more akin to an emolument of a player rather than a transfer cost .
the survey also considers that accounting for signing-on fees is non-standard and patchy : ‘ our view is that signing-on fees are more akin to an emolument of a player rather than a [give] cost .

Twenty-eight companies have already obtained shareholder approval to move their stock into Taurus , the new paperless share transfer and registration system , when it is phased in from mid-1993 .
twenty-eight companies have already obtained shareholder approval to move their stock into taurus , the new paperless share [give] and registration system , when it is phased in from mid-1993 .

If a transfer is to benefit from the £250,000 threshold , the instrument must be executed before 20 August .
if a [give] is to benefit from the £250,000 threshold , the instrument must be executed before 20 august .

In this way the energy pattern of a cancer-causing agent can transfer itself via the field to impinge upon the cell if the cell exhibits a vulnerability or an attractiveness to the agent .
in this way the energy pattern of a cancer-causing agent can [give] itself via the field to impinge upon the cell if the cell exhibits a vulnerability or an attractiveness to the agent .

They were subject to transfer , but the executive branch was unable to interfere with specific decisions .
they were subject to [give] , but the executive branch was unable to interfere with specific decisions .

This arrangement proved unsatisfactory because there was no corresponding transfer of executive power .
this arrangement proved unsatisfactory because there was no corresponding [give] of executive power .

The Governor was given wide powers to make rules concerning the branding , sale , and transfer of cattle .
the governor was given wide powers to make rules concerning the branding , sale , and [give] of cattle .

If thieves had to transfer cattle out of the district to avoid detection , it was easier to steal animals from these areas .
if thieves had to [give] cattle out of the district to avoid detection , it was easier to steal animals from these areas .

The steep section on Anerley Hill could not be opened until the company had persuaded sufficient drivers with at least six years ' service to transfer from other undertakings .
the steep section on anerley hill could not be opened until the company had persuaded sufficient drivers with at least six years ' service to [give] from other undertakings .

Owing to the difficulties of transfer , full maintenance facilities were installed in Penge depôt , as well as Sutton .
owing to the difficulties of [give] , full maintenance facilities were installed in penge depôt , as well as sutton .

On 10 November 1921 , a new agreement was drawn up between the Company and Croydon Corporation for maintenance of track within the Borough and to permit the construction of a curve at the top of Tamworth Road , only to be used for the transfer of cars .
on 10 november 1921 , a new agreement was drawn up between the company and croydon corporation for maintenance of track within the borough and to permit the construction of a curve at the top of tamworth road , only to be used for the [give] of cars .

There was a single sliding door each end , with very rounded top corners and probably a Milnes maker 's transfer on the panel immediately below the window .
there was a single sliding door each end , with very rounded top corners and probably a milnes maker 's [give] on the panel immediately below the window .

There were full length slatted benches and maple veneer ceilings in four panels , each with an elaborate gold transfer pattern in the centre and in each corner .
there were full length slatted benches and maple veneer ceilings in four panels , each with an elaborate gold [give] pattern in the centre and in each corner .

There were very rounded top corners to the single bulkhead sliding door , which carried the Milnes gold transfer just below the window .
there were very rounded top corners to the single bulkhead sliding door , which carried the milnes gold [give] just below the window .

Within a few years of transfer to the South Metropolitan system , all these cars had the headlamps moved from the canopy front to the usual position on the dash , one reason being that it enabled them to carry advertisements in the same positions as the rest of the fleet .
within a few years of [give] to the south metropolitan system , all these cars had the headlamps moved from the canopy front to the usual position on the dash , one reason being that it enabled them to carry advertisements in the same positions as the rest of the fleet .

Our afternoon was not as enjoyable as it might have been because of a large number of supporters who had to stand alongside our seats in the east stand as they had purchased transfer tickets for seats and there were no seats for them .
our afternoon was not as enjoyable as it might have been because of a large number of supporters who had to stand alongside our seats in the east stand as they had purchased [give] tickets for seats and there were no seats for them .

It seems that the stewards at the transfer gate to the east stand carried on selling tickets to the stand long after it was obviously full .
it seems that the stewards at the [give] gate to the east stand carried on selling tickets to the stand long after it was obviously full .

Seats are not numbered and the transfer ticket merely allows entry to that part of the ground .
seats are not numbered and the [give] ticket merely allows entry to that part of the ground .

Frenetic close-season transfer activity is new to most rugby countries , but in South Africa it 's become part of the furniture …
frenetic close-season [give] activity is new to most rugby countries , but in south africa it 's become part of the furniture …

Talented scrum-half Robert Du Preez has left the Blue Bulls of Northern Transvaal for the greener pastures of Natal , the first shot in a heated close-season transfer market .
talented scrum-half robert du preez has left the blue bulls of northern transvaal for the greener pastures of natal , the first shot in a heated close-season [give] market .

The accounts were eventually brought before the Review Panel , which took exception to Trafalgar 's decision in the 1991 accounts to revalue and transfer a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , under current assets , to tangible fixed assets .
the accounts were eventually brought before the review panel , which took exception to trafalgar 's decision in the 1991 accounts to revalue and [give] a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , under current assets , to tangible fixed assets .

Paying 1 % to intermediaries bringing in clients ' money to its lump-sum only Tessas , Save & Prosper ensures loyalty by imposing a £50 transfer fee .
paying 1 % to intermediaries bringing in clients ' money to its lump-sum only tessas , save & prosper ensures loyalty by imposing a £50 [give] fee .

These include low-cost lines for data transfer and a cheaper alternative to packet switching , plus cheaper multimedia applications like videoconferencing and videotelephony .
these include low-cost lines for data [give] and a cheaper alternative to packet switching , plus cheaper multimedia applications like videoconferencing and videotelephony .

Other accounting applications Baird and Fletcher suggest include year-end reconciliations , electronic transfer of invoices , remote stock-taking using video terminals , and videoconferencing for discussions with senior management at a client .
other accounting applications baird and fletcher suggest include year-end reconciliations , electronic [give] of invoices , remote stock-taking using video terminals , and videoconferencing for discussions with senior management at a client .

Up to now someone , such as a group company secretary or a separate nominee company , has had to hold a share or shares in the subsidiary , normally under a declaration of trust , plus a transfer form held by the holding company , with the transferee section left blank .
up to now someone , such as a group company secretary or a separate nominee company , has had to hold a share or shares in the subsidiary , normally under a declaration of trust , plus a [give] form held by the holding company , with the transferee section left blank .

Tunstall recredits the £2.999m transfer of goodwill to extraordinary items to the retained profits at the foot of the consolidated p & l account .
tunstall recredits the £2.999m [give] of goodwill to extraordinary items to the retained profits at the foot of the consolidated p & l account .

Transfer of undertakings
[give] of undertakings

The question before the Court was whether they had been automatically transferred in any case under the Business Transfers Directive and had the rights that the Directive confers — including rights for any recognised union to be informed and consulted ; the right of continued recognition of the union ; the automatic transfer of the employees ' terms and conditions of employment ; and protection against unfair dismissal in relation to the transfer .
the question before the court was whether they had been automatically transferred in any case under the business transfers directive and had the rights that the directive confers — including rights for any recognised union to be informed and consulted ; the right of continued recognition of the union ; the automatic [give] of the employees ' terms and conditions of employment ; and protection against unfair dismissal in relation to the [give] .

If any other kind of capital instrument contains an obligation to transfer economic benefits , it is to be classified as a liability .
if any other kind of capital instrument contains an obligation to [give] economic benefits , it is to be classified as a liability .

An instrument which requires the issuer to issue shares ( whether contingently or not ) and contains no obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits .
an instrument which requires the issuer to issue shares ( whether contingently or not ) and contains no obligation for the issuer to [give] economic benefits .

Capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits ( including a contingent obligation to transfer economic benefits ) .
capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they contain an obligation to [give] economic benefits ( including a contingent obligation to [give] economic benefits ) .

Capital instruments which do not contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits should be reported within shareholders ' funds .
capital instruments which do not contain an obligation to [give] economic benefits should be reported within shareholders ' funds .

Shares issued by subsidiaries other than those held by companies within the group should be accounted for in consolidated financial statements as liabilities if any member of the group has an obligation to transfer economic benefits in connection with the shares , for example under a guarantee of payments to be made in respect of the shares .
shares issued by subsidiaries other than those held by companies within the group should be accounted for in consolidated financial statements as liabilities if any member of the group has an obligation to [give] economic benefits in connection with the shares , for example under a guarantee of payments to be made in respect of the shares .

For example , a warrant will usually not be a liability as it does not contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits .
for example , a warrant will usually not be a liability as it does not contain an obligation to [give] economic benefits .

The determination of whether a capital instrument represents a liability is based on whether it contains an obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits ( paragraph 21 ) .
the determination of whether a capital instrument represents a liability is based on whether it contains an obligation for the issuer to [give] economic benefits ( paragraph 21 ) .

The most common example of an obligation to transfer economic benefits is the requirement to make cash payments to the holder of the instrument , although an obligation to transfer other kinds of property would also cause the instrument to be classified as a liability .
the most common example of an obligation to [give] economic benefits is the requirement to make cash payments to the holder of the instrument , although an obligation to [give] other kinds of property would also cause the instrument to be classified as a liability .

If a capital instrument contains an obligation for the issuer to transfer economic benefits to another party it should be classified as debt even if the obligation is contingent .
if a capital instrument contains an obligation for the issuer to [give] economic benefits to another party it should be classified as debt even if the obligation is contingent .

For example an instrument which gives the holder the right to require either the transfer of cash or the issue of an equity share imposes an obligation on the issuer and should therefore be classified as a liability .
for example an instrument which gives the holder the right to require either the [give] of cash or the issue of an equity share imposes an obligation on the issuer and should therefore be classified as a liability .

The only obligations to transfer economic benefits which should not be taken into account are those which would not be considered in accordance with the going concern concept , that is , those which would only arise on the insolvency of the issuer and , where the issuer is expected to be able to comply with covenants on loan and similar agreements , those which would follow a breach of those covenants .
the only obligations to [give] economic benefits which should not be taken into account are those which would not be considered in accordance with the going concern concept , that is , those which would only arise on the insolvency of the issuer and , where the issuer is expected to be able to comply with covenants on loan and similar agreements , those which would follow a breach of those covenants .

If a capital instrument contains an obligation to transfer economic benefits the entire instrument should be accounted for as a liability .
if a capital instrument contains an obligation to [give] economic benefits the entire instrument should be accounted for as a liability .

Nonetheless , the requirement to classify capital instruments according to whether they contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits does not apply to shares issued by the reporting company .
nonetheless , the requirement to classify capital instruments according to whether they contain an obligation to [give] economic benefits does not apply to shares issued by the reporting company .

From the standpoint of the subsidiary , convertible capital bonds are clearly debt since the obligation to pay interest is an obligation to transfer economic benefits .
from the standpoint of the subsidiary , convertible capital bonds are clearly debt since the obligation to pay interest is an obligation to [give] economic benefits .

The requirement to redeem the bonds is an obligation to transfer economic benefits .
the requirement to redeem the bonds is an obligation to [give] economic benefits .

However , the obligation to pay interest is an obligation to transfer economic benefits and hence the instrument is a liability .
however , the obligation to pay interest is an obligation to [give] economic benefits and hence the instrument is a liability .

As the debt can not be required to be redeemed , its value after the primary period has expired is negligible and , in practice , there will usually be arrangements to transfer it to a party friendly to the issuer or to enable the issuer to elect effectively to redeem the debt for a token amount .
as the debt can not be required to be redeemed , its value after the primary period has expired is negligible and , in practice , there will usually be arrangements to [give] it to a party friendly to the issuer or to enable the issuer to elect effectively to redeem the debt for a token amount .

It follows that , despite the subordination , the company has an obligation to repay ( that is , an obligation to transfer economic benefits ) and therefore subordinated debt should be accounted for as a liability .
it follows that , despite the subordination , the company has an obligation to repay ( that is , an obligation to [give] economic benefits ) and therefore subordinated debt should be accounted for as a liability .

Liabilities are an entity 's obligations to transfer economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events .
liabilities are an entity 's obligations to [give] economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events .

To make a transfer , you simply start both machines together from off play-pause and record-pause respectively and run to the end of the recording — synchro-edit facilities make this easier to manage .
to make a [give] , you simply start both machines together from off play-pause and record-pause respectively and run to the end of the recording — synchro-edit facilities make this easier to manage .

If your source-machine has an edit switch , use of this will help to optimise the video signal for transfer and reduce the copying losses .
if your source-machine has an edit switch , use of this will help to optimise the video signal for [give] and reduce the copying losses .

This is done while the transfer of both pictures and original sound is being made onto a copy tape .
this is done while the [give] of both pictures and original sound is being made onto a copy tape .

The transfer is made non-stop , during which the levels of synchronised sound and music are adjusted to mix them in and out as required .
the [give] is made non-stop , during which the levels of synchronised sound and music are adjusted to mix them in and out as required .

When you are pre-recording the music , remember to record it at a constant high level so that you can make all the downward level adjustments when the final transfer is made onto the video tape ; this minimises tape hiss .
when you are pre-recording the music , remember to record it at a constant high level so that you can make all the downward level adjustments when the final [give] is made onto the video tape ; this minimises tape hiss .

Where there are to be music fades in and out at the transfer , leave plenty of overlap at the beginnings and endings of the pre-recorded sections to give yourself ample working margins at the mixing stage .
where there are to be music fades in and out at the [give] , leave plenty of overlap at the beginnings and endings of the pre-recorded sections to give yourself ample working margins at the mixing stage .

Reset the video machines to start-cues on play-pause/record-pause respectively ; release all machines and run the copy transfer while mixing the original sound and pre-recorded music .
reset the video machines to start-cues on play-pause/record-pause respectively ; release all machines and run the copy [give] while mixing the original sound and pre-recorded music .

The amount by which the latter is over-length is the length of time that you should allow the source recording to run before you begin the transfer onto the cued tape ; the music will then end exactly on cue .
the amount by which the latter is over-length is the length of time that you should allow the source recording to run before you begin the [give] onto the cued tape ; the music will then end exactly on cue .

One method , which by-passes the problems of tape-to-tape synchronisation , is to speak it direct to a microphone which records it straight onto the video tape via the mixer during a non-stop transfer .
one method , which by-passes the problems of tape-to-tape synchronisation , is to speak it direct to a microphone which records it straight onto the video tape via the mixer during a non-stop [give] .

If there is , and if both music and commentary are to be pre-recorded onto parallel tracks of a cued tape , the stop-start transfer routine can not be used : the sound tape has to be run non-stop , and we are then back with problems of tape-to-tape synchronisation .
if there is , and if both music and commentary are to be pre-recorded onto parallel tracks of a cued tape , the stop-start [give] routine can not be used : the sound tape has to be run non-stop , and we are then back with problems of tape-to-tape synchronisation .

The professional way , though , is to do the transfer on a special sound recorder which is synchronised electronically to the actual video pictures .
the professional way , though , is to do the [give] on a special sound recorder which is synchronised electronically to the actual video pictures .

The editing bench becomes more crowded as the basic set-up is expanded to include an edit controller , which is used to operate both video machines automatically , and an enhancer to improve the picture quality of the transfer .
the editing bench becomes more crowded as the basic set-up is expanded to include an edit controller , which is used to operate both video machines automatically , and an enhancer to improve the picture quality of the [give] .

Assembly consists of the location and transfer , a shot at a time , of the camera-original material onto a copy tape in the required revised order .
assembly consists of the location and [give] , a shot at a time , of the camera-original material onto a copy tape in the required revised order .

This could either be taken from an effects record , or you could transfer some real location sound from off the original video recording .
this could either be taken from an effects record , or you could [give] some real location sound from off the original video recording .

Capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they contain an obligation to transfer cash or other resources .
capital instruments should be classified as liabilities if they contain an obligation to [give] cash or other resources .

To strengthen this role , it was decided to transfer the committee to the Technical Department in 1989 , thus further emphasising the premium placed on technical excellence . The move provides several benefits :
to strengthen this role , it was decided to [give] the committee to the technical department in 1989 , thus further emphasising the premium placed on technical excellence . the move provides several benefits :

We are not happy with this position in that the Inspector appears to accept that while the formality of recording the transfer of motor vehicles to the directors was not processed through the accounting records , he is by implication accepting that they were recorded , in order to have the directors ' loan accounts overdrawn while ignoring the dividend .
we are not happy with this position in that the inspector appears to accept that while the formality of recording the [give] of motor vehicles to the directors was not processed through the accounting records , he is by implication accepting that they were recorded , in order to have the directors ' loan accounts overdrawn while ignoring the dividend .

The directors are unable to provide formal evidence of dividend declaration but they can produce a directors ’ minute recording the transfer .
the directors are unable to provide formal evidence of dividend declaration but they can produce a directors ’ minute recording the [give] .

In this instance the directors are presumably the same as the shareholders , and the intention was , undoubtedly , to effect the motor vehicles ' transfer and payment of the dividend on exactly the same date to avoid a loan account debit and a s 419 assessment .
in this instance the directors are presumably the same as the shareholders , and the intention was , undoubtedly , to effect the motor vehicles ' [give] and payment of the dividend on exactly the same date to avoid a loan account debit and a s 419 assessment .

Treasury Department sources have stated that , at most , $ 3bn annually could be raised by augmented enforcement of the existing transfer pricing rules .
treasury department sources have stated that , at most , $ 3bn annually could be raised by augmented enforcement of the existing [give] pricing rules .

With the additional staff available , Clinton maintains that transfer pricing abuse can be remedied , and the additional revenue raised , without any change in the existing law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for transfer pricing .
with the additional staff available , clinton maintains that [give] pricing abuse can be remedied , and the additional revenue raised , without any change in the existing law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for [give] pricing .

The rate of interest for tax paid late or repayments of inheritance tax , capital transfer tax , and estate duty is also reduced from 6% to 5% from 20 November 1992 .
the rate of interest for tax paid late or repayments of inheritance tax , capital [give] tax , and estate duty is also reduced from 6% to 5% from 20 november 1992 .

We created profit centres and developed a transfer pricing system .
we created profit centres and developed a [give] pricing system .

Under Royal Bank of Scotland 's Balanced Banking , if you keep a minimum of £5,000 in your high interest savings account , you can also have an interest paying current account plus the ability to transfer money automatically between accounts .
under royal bank of scotland 's balanced banking , if you keep a minimum of £5,000 in your high interest savings account , you can also have an interest paying current account plus the ability to [give] money automatically between accounts .

The benefits of a centralised distribution system may include a small rate of tax on the centre 's activities , but since these are unlikely to include much added value to the products being distributed , the scope for manipulating transfer prices is limited .
the benefits of a centralised distribution system may include a small rate of tax on the centre 's activities , but since these are unlikely to include much added value to the products being distributed , the scope for manipulating [give] prices is limited .

This legislation exempts international trading companies from withholding , income , capital gains and share transfer taxes .
this legislation exempts international trading companies from withholding , income , capital gains and share [give] taxes .

Manchester United last year appropriated a further £250,000 to transfer fee reserve to bring the total up to £2.25m .
manchester united last year appropriated a further £250,000 to [give] fee reserve to bring the total up to £2.25m .

Last year Manchester United reported profits before transfer fees of £7.681m ( v £6.176m ) .
last year manchester united reported profits before [give] fees of £7.681m ( v £6.176m ) .

Manchester United charged £2.625m ( v £801,000 ) as net transfer fees in 1991/92 .
manchester united charged £2.625m ( v £801,000 ) as net [give] fees in 1991/92 .

It was argued on Mrs Flint 's behalf that the transfer of property order was not a disposition by Mr Flint but a disposition by the Court and therefore s 284 did not apply .
it was argued on mrs flint 's behalf that the [give] of property order was not a disposition by mr flint but a disposition by the court and therefore s 284 did not apply .

The parties must also state that they have satisfied themselves that the value of the asset at the date of transfer was in excess of allowable expenditure plus indexation to date .
the parties must also state that they have satisfied themselves that the value of the asset at the date of [give] was in excess of allowable expenditure plus indexation to date .

If , after acceptance of such a claim , it emerges that any of the information provided was incorrect or incomplete , the capital gains tax position in relation to the transfer will be computed and assessments made as appropriate .
if , after acceptance of such a claim , it emerges that any of the information provided was incorrect or incomplete , the capital gains tax position in relation to the [give] will be computed and assessments made as appropriate .

If the transferee has paid some consideration , the 31 March 1982 valuation of the assets will have to be agreed , but the Revenue will accept a holdover relief claim , without a valuation , at the date of transfer .
if the transferee has paid some consideration , the 31 march 1982 valuation of the assets will have to be agreed , but the revenue will accept a holdover relief claim , without a valuation , at the date of [give] .

The rate of interest for tax paid late or repayments of inheritance tax , capital transfer tax , and estate duty is also reduced from 8% to 6% from 6 November 1992 .
the rate of interest for tax paid late or repayments of inheritance tax , capital [give] tax , and estate duty is also reduced from 8% to 6% from 6 november 1992 .

The Board of Inland Revenue will remain responsible for preserving the privacy and confidentiality of personal information relevant to the tax affairs of individuals and businesses if information technology services transfer to a private sector organisation .
the board of inland revenue will remain responsible for preserving the privacy and confidentiality of personal information relevant to the tax affairs of individuals and businesses if information technology services [give] to a private sector organisation .

In addition , for the purposes of completing returns of information or transfer forms , the details supplied must be those of the incapacitated person .
in addition , for the purposes of completing returns of information or [give] forms , the details supplied must be those of the incapacitated person .

Lesley got her transfer to Community Service policing .
lesley got her [give] to community service policing .

Hirst has kept scoring despite injuries , suspension and transfer talk .
hirst has kept scoring despite injuries , suspension and [give] talk .

Hence we might find instances of accuracy in the production of such formulas as fixed phrases but it does not follow that the learner can transfer the accurate production of forms to a wider range of constructions and contexts .
hence we might find instances of accuracy in the production of such formulas as fixed phrases but it does not follow that the learner can [give] the accurate production of forms to a wider range of constructions and contexts .

Evaluation , then , is the process of specifying what might be called the transfer value of ideas .
evaluation , then , is the process of specifying what might be called the [give] value of ideas .

The main point that the Review Panel took issue with was Trafalgar 's decision to revalue and transfer a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , part of current assets , to tangible fixed assets .
the main point that the review panel took issue with was trafalgar 's decision to revalue and [give] a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , part of current assets , to tangible fixed assets .

In case of any lingering doubts , there are usually upgrade paths enabling you to transfer your spreadsheets files from the old product to the new .
in case of any lingering doubts , there are usually upgrade paths enabling you to [give] your spreadsheets files from the old product to the new .

The transfer of sums out of the creditors ' total in the balance sheet does not , of itself , imply dishonesty and would not be an offence under the Theft Act 1968 , since any creditor able to prove the sum owing within the six year limitation period would be paid , regardless of the accounting treatment adopted .
the [give] of sums out of the creditors ' total in the balance sheet does not , of itself , imply dishonesty and would not be an offence under the theft act 1968 , since any creditor able to prove the sum owing within the six year limitation period would be paid , regardless of the accounting treatment adopted .

If a lot of juggling and rearrangement of figures is necessary to transfer the information to the forms then it is worth considering adopting a new procedure for preparing the tax computation .
if a lot of juggling and rearrangement of figures is necessary to [give] the information to the forms then it is worth considering adopting a new procedure for preparing the tax computation .

Procedures for preparation of tax computations will have to be reviewed to ensure easy transfer of figures on to the new returns .
procedures for preparation of tax computations will have to be reviewed to ensure easy [give] of figures on to the new returns .

He may transfer only that part of the allowance which is unused by his own income .
he may [give] only that part of the allowance which is unused by his own income .

For 1993/94 , couples wishing to transfer the whole of their allowance to the wife , and wives who wish to claim half of the allowance ( as is their right ) , should notify their tax office .
for 1993/94 , couples wishing to [give] the whole of their allowance to the wife , and wives who wish to claim half of the allowance ( as is their right ) , should notify their tax office .

Your clearing bank will also be able to transfer cash directly to and from your current account , saving you telegraphic transfer charges , and simplifying arguments about who bears the interest lost if payments go missing in the banking system .
your clearing bank will also be able to [give] cash directly to and from your current account , saving you telegraphic [give] charges , and simplifying arguments about who bears the interest lost if payments go missing in the banking system .

The common pattern seems to be that there is an uneven flow of support across the generations , with a net transfer from older to younger which continues throughout the life cycle , and indeed after death in the form of inheritance .
the common pattern seems to be that there is an uneven flow of support across the generations , with a net [give] from older to younger which continues throughout the life cycle , and indeed after death in the form of inheritance .

This behaviour is attributed to an initial charge transfer from the alkali adatom to the transition metal , which is then reversed at high coverages as the adlayer changes from cationic to covalent or metallic behaviour .
this behaviour is attributed to an initial charge [give] from the alkali adatom to the transition metal , which is then reversed at high coverages as the adlayer changes from cationic to covalent or metallic behaviour .

One means suggested for transfer of moisture into the interior of Pangaea has been monsoonal circulation created by the Permian continental configuration .
one means suggested for [give] of moisture into the interior of pangaea has been monsoonal circulation created by the permian continental configuration .

Paths during the transfer test with landmarks .
paths during the [give] test with landmarks .

As described earlier , InsP 3 plays a central role in driving this oscillatory activity and the wave-like spread of each spike may facilitate the transfer of a calcium signal to the nucleus .
as described earlier , insp 3 plays a central role in driving this oscillatory activity and the wave-like spread of each spike may facilitate the [give] of a calcium signal to the nucleus .

The accretion process spins up the neutron star to millisecond periods over a timescale of 10 7 –10 8 yr , and , when mass transfer ceases , the system consists of a millisecond pulsar in a circular orbit with a low-mass companion .
the accretion process spins up the neutron star to millisecond periods over a timescale of 10 7 –10 8 yr , and , when mass [give] ceases , the system consists of a millisecond pulsar in a circular orbit with a low-mass companion .

Having reaffirmed their belief in the big ideas of political and economic freedom , Russians still need a way to transfer those ideas into workable policies .
having reaffirmed their belief in the big ideas of political and economic freedom , russians still need a way to [give] those ideas into workable policies .

The business plan 's solution is to transfer existing reserves set against pre-1986 liabilities into a central pot .
the business plan 's solution is to [give] existing reserves set against pre-1986 liabilities into a central pot .

Such an approach , while making the double taxation of profits all too likely , in theory does away with fake transfer pricing within multinational groups and therefore has some merit ( see page 83 ) .
such an approach , while making the double taxation of profits all too likely , in theory does away with fake [give] pricing within multinational groups and therefore has some merit ( see page 83 ) .

By keeping double taxation to a minimum and cracking down on phoney transfer pricing , these international arrangements have helped boost the efficient allocation of capital worldwide .
by keeping double taxation to a minimum and cracking down on phoney [give] pricing , these international arrangements have helped boost the efficient allocation of capital worldwide .

To calculate its fictional arm 's length profits , a firm is supposed to assume it pays the same price ( the ‘ transfer price ’ ) for those imported bits that it would have done were it buying them from an unrelated company .
to calculate its fictional arm 's length profits , a firm is supposed to assume it pays the same price ( the ‘ [give] price ’ ) for those imported bits that it would have done were it buying them from an unrelated company .

In practice , it will probably try to get away with transfer prices that let it shift profits into low-tax countries .
in practice , it will probably try to get away with [give] prices that let it shift profits into low-tax countries .

If a subsidiary faces high taxes , for instance , the parent will set transfer prices as high as it can , lowering the subsidiary 's taxable profits and boosting its own , which are subject to a lower tax rate .
if a subsidiary faces high taxes , for instance , the parent will set [give] prices as high as it can , lowering the subsidiary 's taxable profits and boosting its own , which are subject to a lower tax rate .

That was hard enough when most transfer prices were for tangible goods , points out Gary Hufbauer , of the Institute for International Economics , in a recent book * .
that was hard enough when most [give] prices were for tangible goods , points out gary hufbauer , of the institute for international economics , in a recent book * .

Now , as trade in intangible services becomes more important , monitoring transfer prices within multinationals has become mind-bogglingly complex .
now , as trade in intangible services becomes more important , monitoring [give] prices within multinationals has become mind-bogglingly complex .

This is a national resource and prisoners are sent here who staff believe would be at risk of violence ( because of their offence ) in a normal prison setting , or whose fear of violence has led them , themselves , to request such a transfer .
this is a national resource and prisoners are sent here who staff believe would be at risk of violence ( because of their offence ) in a normal prison setting , or whose fear of violence has led them , themselves , to request such a [give] .

Non-criminal lunatics , as the name implies , have committed no offence , but are people designated by a magistrate as ‘ wandering and dangerous lunatics ’ under the Indian Lunacy Act 1912 and sent to prison to await transfer to a mental hospital .
non-criminal lunatics , as the name implies , have committed no offence , but are people designated by a magistrate as ‘ wandering and dangerous lunatics ’ under the indian lunacy act 1912 and sent to prison to await [give] to a mental hospital .

These changes , such as the transfer of land to co-operatives and poorer peasants , the literacy campaign and the present drive to clean up the country 's water sources , all demonstrate a thrust of government policy very different from the regime which ended in 1979 .
these changes , such as the [give] of land to co-operatives and poorer peasants , the literacy campaign and the present drive to clean up the country 's water sources , all demonstrate a thrust of government policy very different from the regime which ended in 1979 .

We have become so obsessed with dowries and transfer payments that we are unable to look comprehensively at the needs of users
we have become so obsessed with dowries and [give] payments that we are unable to look comprehensively at the needs of users

We also hope that if people want to work across client groups there will be some transfer of skills , ’ says Bennett .
we also hope that if people want to work across client groups there will be some [give] of skills , ’ says bennett .

The technology , which is intended to enable users tp link , transfer and share objects between documents created by different Unix desktop applications and between Unix and Microsoft Corp Windows applications , is intended to become a standard feature of Unix desktop applications by the first half of 1994 .
the technology , which is intended to enable users tp link , [give] and share objects between documents created by different unix desktop applications and between unix and microsoft corp windows applications , is intended to become a standard feature of unix desktop applications by the first half of 1994 .

NetDirector for Unix supports Asynchronous Transfer Mode and is based on Hewlett-Packard Co 's OpenView .
netdirector for unix supports asynchronous [give] mode and is based on hewlett-packard co 's openview .

The simplest is letting banks put aside less capital when they have arrangements with other banks for ‘ netting ’ — ie , reducing what would be multiple payments to a single transfer of a net obligation .
the simplest is letting banks put aside less capital when they have arrangements with other banks for ‘ netting ’ — ie , reducing what would be multiple payments to a single [give] of a net obligation .

For most managers , too , the local interim managerial arrangements for transfer — under which an executive officer , usually already in post , was appointed to supervise arrangements — were relatively painless .
for most managers , too , the local interim managerial arrangements for [give] — under which an executive officer , usually already in post , was appointed to supervise arrangements — were relatively painless .

The Central Authority were extremely worried about the transfer of lump sums to municipal coffers , or rebates paid to consumers , and tried to persuade the Government to act to prevent such abuses pending nationalisation .
the central authority were extremely worried about the [give] of lump sums to municipal coffers , or rebates paid to consumers , and tried to persuade the government to act to prevent such abuses pending nationalisation .

Mr Barabash argues for a hefty transfer .
mr barabash argues for a hefty [give] .

The transfer of decision-making powers from the centre to the regions would certainly change this .
the [give] of decision-making powers from the centre to the regions would certainly change this .

However , such a transfer can happen only at the expense of the central authority .
however , such a [give] can happen only at the expense of the central authority .

The succession system and the transfer of power are fully covered and secured by the provisions of the constitution .
the succession system and the [give] of power are fully covered and secured by the provisions of the constitution .

There will be a handful of players operating at an international or ‘ multilocal ’ level , exploiting the benefits of size through the transfer of knowledge and resources and the efficient use of capital .
there will be a handful of players operating at an international or ‘ multilocal ’ level , exploiting the benefits of size through the [give] of knowledge and resources and the efficient use of capital .

When Mr. Leitch established his public house in the village of Ardersier , so conveniently placed to catch the military traffic from Fort George , he wisely retained his seat in the council of the royal burgh of Nairn , and for a valuable parliamentary elector a mere transfer to the desired post was very little for a member of parliament to arrange .
when mr. leitch established his public house in the village of ardersier , so conveniently placed to catch the military traffic from fort george , he wisely retained his seat in the council of the royal burgh of nairn , and for a valuable parliamentary elector a mere [give] to the desired post was very little for a member of parliament to arrange .

Shortly thereafter , however , the Haldane party struck back , by securing the return of Morris to the Inverkeithing station and the transfer of Sharp to distant Ayr , where his ability to participate in burgh politics would be somewhat restricted .
shortly thereafter , however , the haldane party struck back , by securing the return of morris to the inverkeithing station and the [give] of sharp to distant ayr , where his ability to participate in burgh politics would be somewhat restricted .

In general , then , supporters of the ‘ society-as-parent ’ view tend to favour changes in the 1975 Children Act which facilitate the removal and transfer of parental rights .
in general , then , supporters of the ‘ society-as-parent ’ view tend to favour changes in the 1975 children act which facilitate the removal and [give] of parental rights .

The care provided by the Beacon was to transfer to special units in the remaining children 's day centres .
the care provided by the beacon was to [give] to special units in the remaining children 's day centres .

Research in the United States has shown the inadequacy of the sheltered workshop model where commercial objectives limit access for those with severe disabilities and where transfer to open employment is very limited .
research in the united states has shown the inadequacy of the sheltered workshop model where commercial objectives limit access for those with severe disabilities and where [give] to open employment is very limited .

Balbinder was the subject of a Statement and Elizabeth Grugeon charts the process from an initial expression of concern about Balbinder 's lack of progress by the primary school to his transfer to a special school for pupils categorised as having ‘ moderate learning difficulties ’ .
balbinder was the subject of a statement and elizabeth grugeon charts the process from an initial expression of concern about balbinder 's lack of progress by the primary school to his [give] to a special school for pupils categorised as having ‘ moderate learning difficulties ’ .

He seemed to be suggesting that once Balbinder had been at Cedars for a while , he might be capable of re-entering mainstream education at middle school transfer .
he seemed to be suggesting that once balbinder had been at cedars for a while , he might be capable of re-entering mainstream education at middle school [give] .

There were what the head called ‘ social concerns ’ behind his transfer .
there were what the head called ‘ social concerns ’ behind his [give] .

’ They had not given these reasons for transfer to his parents .
’ they had not given these reasons for [give] to his parents .

The family have experienced a lot of conflict with George 's school and since moving home some twelve months ago have made efforts , unsuccessfully , to transfer their children to a different primary school .
the family have experienced a lot of conflict with george 's school and since moving home some twelve months ago have made efforts , unsuccessfully , to [give] their children to a different primary school .

As the launch and the bows of the sinking yacht were now almost level it took only a few seconds to transfer the six survivors — another had joined the group of five that Talbot had seen — aboard the launch .
as the launch and the bows of the sinking yacht were now almost level it took only a few seconds to [give] the six survivors — another had joined the group of five that talbot had seen — aboard the launch .

After only seeing infrequent use at Buckfastleigh steam galas and one trial run to Totnes during 1981/82 , the group agreed to transfer the engine to the Torbay line in 1983 .
after only seeing infrequent use at buckfastleigh steam galas and one trial run to totnes during 1981/82 , the group agreed to [give] the engine to the torbay line in 1983 .

With practice it is possible to speed up the procedure by keeping one hand on the carriage and using the other to manipulate the stitches with the transfer tool .
with practice it is possible to speed up the procedure by keeping one hand on the carriage and using the other to manipulate the stitches with the [give] tool .

When designing a fabric , for example , you would probably not complete the design and transfer it to the knitting machine or print it out in just one session .
when designing a fabric , for example , you would probably not complete the design and [give] it to the knitting machine or print it out in just one session .

Transfer front bed stitches on to beck bed needles ( at this point you will have a ‘ sandwich ’ of one back bed stitch , neck edge and one front bed stitch on each back bed needle ) .
[give] front bed stitches on to beck bed needles ( at this point you will have a ‘ sandwich ’ of one back bed stitch , neck edge and one front bed stitch on each back bed needle ) .

Transfer all stitches to the front bed , leave back bed needles in working position .
[give] all stitches to the front bed , leave back bed needles in working position .

Drop the front bed and push the ‘ knots ’ between the beds up towards the back bed with a transfer tool so that the true stitches on the front bed can be seen clearly .
drop the front bed and push the ‘ knots ’ between the beds up towards the back bed with a [give] tool so that the true stitches on the front bed can be seen clearly .

Lace patterns : This is self descriptive and is used for lace patterns of all types , whether involving the transfer of garter/lace carriage , or lace created by releasing stitches from the back bed after every two rows .
lace patterns : this is self descriptive and is used for lace patterns of all types , whether involving the [give] of garter/lace carriage , or lace created by releasing stitches from the back bed after every two rows .

Hobbes had said , ‘ The general use of speech is to transfer our mental discourse into verbal ; or the train of our thoughts , into a train of words .
hobbes had said , ‘ the general use of speech is to [give] our mental discourse into verbal ; or the train of our thoughts , into a train of words .

Julius Bryant , Kenwood 's curator and Head of Museums Division of English Heritage , who administer the house , is responsible for the exhibition 's transfer to London .
julius bryant , kenwood 's curator and head of museums division of english heritage , who administer the house , is responsible for the exhibition 's [give] to london .

Pensions represent a transfer of resources in the form of purchasing power from current taxpayers or pension-fund contributors to past contributors .
pensions represent a [give] of resources in the form of purchasing power from current taxpayers or pension-fund contributors to past contributors .

Such research tended to transfer the focus from elderly people themselves to their environment .
such research tended to [give] the focus from elderly people themselves to their environment .

As we arrived very early we were told that stand transfer tickets could be obtained from the office .
as we arrived very early we were told that stand [give] tickets could be obtained from the office .

The show is to transfer to the museum of Saint-Remy-en-Provence from 3 July to 30 October and then , if negotiations are successful , to Genoa in Italy .
the show is to [give] to the museum of saint-remy-en-provence from 3 july to 30 october and then , if negotiations are successful , to genoa in italy .

Its original decoration was splendid , but the calibre of its collections was transformed in relatively recent times by the transfer of much of the contents of Montagu House , Whitehall , the successor to the first duke 's great mansion in Bloomsbury .
its original decoration was splendid , but the calibre of its collections was transformed in relatively recent times by the [give] of much of the contents of montagu house , whitehall , the successor to the first duke 's great mansion in bloomsbury .

Those who had obtained tickets for the December train have been offered a straight transfer for February 5th .
those who had obtained tickets for the december train have been offered a straight [give] for february 5th .

The transfer tickets are , therefore , being offered for the Waterloo to Portsmouth return run on Friday , February 12th .
the [give] tickets are , therefore , being offered for the waterloo to portsmouth return run on friday , february 12th .

‘ The wee pug ’ , which translated into language sassenachs understand , means little saddle or tank engines who worked their lives in the washeries , sorting yards and transfer to main line .
‘ the wee pug ’ , which translated into language sassenachs understand , means little saddle or tank engines who worked their lives in the washeries , sorting yards and [give] to main line .

At the opening of the Christie 's exhibition Dulwich 's director Giles Waterfield announced a change to the Gallery 's status : later this year the ownership of the Gallery and its collections will be vested in an independent body of trustees who will have the power to share ownership with , or transfer ownership completely to , a new sponsoring body .
at the opening of the christie 's exhibition dulwich 's director giles waterfield announced a change to the gallery 's status : later this year the ownership of the gallery and its collections will be vested in an independent body of trustees who will have the power to share ownership with , or [give] ownership completely to , a new sponsoring body .

It concluded its deliberations with a series of ringing statements on the desirability of a united Europe , with some common institutions , within which ‘ the European states must transfer and merge some portion of their sovereign rights so as to secure common political and economic action for the integration and proper development of their common resources ’ .
it concluded its deliberations with a series of ringing statements on the desirability of a united europe , with some common institutions , within which ‘ the european states must [give] and merge some portion of their sovereign rights so as to secure common political and economic action for the integration and proper development of their common resources ’ .

It was a month since he had made the initial transfer .
it was a month since he had made the initial [give] .

Twenty-eight days earlier he had travelled to Dublin to transfer that sum to a second numbered account in Liechtenstein .
twenty-eight days earlier he had travelled to dublin to [give] that sum to a second numbered account in liechtenstein .

Throughout the series , use is made of tables , diagrams , and charts which are used to sensitize students to the way in which written texts are structured and also to support the numerous information transfer activities that ensure that meaning is never lost .
throughout the series , use is made of tables , diagrams , and charts which are used to sensitize students to the way in which written texts are structured and also to support the numerous information [give] activities that ensure that meaning is never lost .

For each episode there are : ‘ before ’ and ‘ after ’ viewing activities ; exercises which develop the teaching points of the episode ; transfer activities such as role play and writing tasks ; language summaries ; and a video transcript .
for each episode there are : ‘ before ’ and ‘ after ’ viewing activities ; exercises which develop the teaching points of the episode ; [give] activities such as role play and writing tasks ; language summaries ; and a video transcript .

one page of transfer activities such as role-play , writing and mini-surveys
one page of [give] activities such as role-play , writing and mini-surveys

Thermal insulation aims to reduce heat transfer from a hot area to a cold one , that is , from the warm indoors of our homes to the colder outdoors .
thermal insulation aims to reduce heat [give] from a hot area to a cold one , that is , from the warm indoors of our homes to the colder outdoors .

Transfer to the main garden in spring , when additional sowings can be made .
[give] to the main garden in spring , when additional sowings can be made .

Others of its recommendations , such as an expansion of nursery education , transfer to secondary school at 12 ( rather than 11 ) and to junior departments at 8 ( instead of 7 ) , were introduced in a piecemeal fashion .
others of its recommendations , such as an expansion of nursery education , [give] to secondary school at 12 ( rather than 11 ) and to junior departments at 8 ( instead of 7 ) , were introduced in a piecemeal fashion .

At eleven a child might transfer to a grammar or central ( technical trade ) school or remain in a ‘ reorganised secondary school ’ .
at eleven a child might [give] to a grammar or central ( technical trade ) school or remain in a ‘ reorganised secondary school ’ .

There should be national policy on the structure of primary education and on the ages of transfer from stage to stage ’
there should be national policy on the structure of primary education and on the ages of [give] from stage to stage ’

This happens to suit the human operators because most of their skills will transfer along the line of development of the machines and systems .
this happens to suit the human operators because most of their skills will [give] along the line of development of the machines and systems .

The losses in this transfer of energy from one form to another can be calculated and the flow through the various sub-systems can be traced .
the losses in this [give] of energy from one form to another can be calculated and the flow through the various sub-systems can be traced .

The psychologists attempted to polarise various issues such as massed versus spaced learning , whole versus part learning and transfer of training which had some face validity in appearing to identify general principles , but in practice it always seemed that the generalities vanished into the enormous variety of specific issues .
the psychologists attempted to polarise various issues such as massed versus spaced learning , whole versus part learning and [give] of training which had some face validity in appearing to identify general principles , but in practice it always seemed that the generalities vanished into the enormous variety of specific issues .

Skill implies idiosyncratic performance and as such can transfer between many tasks whereas a task meets a particular requirement within a system activity .
skill implies idiosyncratic performance and as such can [give] between many tasks whereas a task meets a particular requirement within a system activity .

Transfer of training from a simulator to a real situation is never complete and does not necessarily increase with degree of fidelity .
[give] of training from a simulator to a real situation is never complete and does not necessarily increase with degree of fidelity .

Degree of transfer is not easy to measure and needs to be carefully defined .
degree of [give] is not easy to measure and needs to be carefully defined .

For example , in training manually guided missile operators the degree of transfer is appropriately measured by ‘ first shot ’ success whereas in training and retraining flight deck crew the long term contribution to safety is the appropriate measure .
for example , in training manually guided missile operators the degree of [give] is appropriately measured by ‘ first shot ’ success whereas in training and retraining flight deck crew the long term contribution to safety is the appropriate measure .

Cunningham detached himself from the British game negotiating a £1 million transfer to Real Madrid in 1979 , the same year in which Maurice Hope of Antigua emulated Dixon , Turpin , Bassey and Conteh by winning a world boxing title .
cunningham detached himself from the british game negotiating a £1 million [give] to real madrid in 1979 , the same year in which maurice hope of antigua emulated dixon , turpin , bassey and conteh by winning a world boxing title .

Once near the top of their particular sport , money becomes available : percentages of transfer fees , fight purses , appearance monies make sport a financially healthy occupation — provided success is attained .
once near the top of their particular sport , money becomes available : percentages of [give] fees , fight purses , appearance monies make sport a financially healthy occupation — provided success is attained .

Sometimes a case will be made on the basis of what is known to happen abroad for the actual transfer or importation into a country of particular industrial relations methods or techniques .
sometimes a case will be made on the basis of what is known to happen abroad for the actual [give] or importation into a country of particular industrial relations methods or techniques .

But it is necessary to take into account not only the specific features of given industrial relations arrangements but also the environmental context which impinges upon them , and therefore the appropriateness of any transfer to a different context .
but it is necessary to take into account not only the specific features of given industrial relations arrangements but also the environmental context which impinges upon them , and therefore the appropriateness of any [give] to a different context .

It was a foolhardy decision : these formations arrived too late in the east to affect events there , but their transfer so weakened the German thrust in the west as to make material success in that theatre improbable .
it was a foolhardy decision : these formations arrived too late in the east to affect events there , but their [give] so weakened the german thrust in the west as to make material success in that theatre improbable .

To the Germans , however , it seemed she was incapable of further immediate offensives ; so , late in 1915 , General Erich von Falkenhayn felt secure enough to transfer troops and artillery to the Western Front .
to the germans , however , it seemed she was incapable of further immediate offensives ; so , late in 1915 , general erich von falkenhayn felt secure enough to [give] troops and artillery to the western front .

Robert Hardy — who had arranged a nifty transfer to London — confirms this .
robert hardy — who had arranged a nifty [give] to london — confirms this .

With Lloyds ' Budget Account , for instance , you divide the total of your year 's bills by 12 , and transfer this amount from your current account by monthly direct debit .
with lloyds ' budget account , for instance , you divide the total of your year 's bills by 12 , and [give] this amount from your current account by monthly direct debit .

So the insistence of some employees on cash payment tends to slow down the trend to cheque or transfer payment , and therefore to that wider use of bank accounts which we see as bringing considerable advantages to consumers in money management and cheaper credit availability .
so the insistence of some employees on cash payment tends to slow down the trend to cheque or [give] payment , and therefore to that wider use of bank accounts which we see as bringing considerable advantages to consumers in money management and cheaper credit availability .

This raid , on Guernsey in the Channel Islands , by some 100 men from 3 Commando and No. 11 Independent Company ( sometimes referred to as No. 11 Commando ) was well rehearsed , and after last-minute changes of plan , literally within half an hour of setting out , the raiders boarded two destroyers to transfer to motorboats refuelled from the parent ships they accompanied .
this raid , on guernsey in the channel islands , by some 100 men from 3 commando and no. 11 independent company ( sometimes referred to as no. 11 commando ) was well rehearsed , and after last-minute changes of plan , literally within half an hour of setting out , the raiders boarded two destroyers to [give] to motorboats refuelled from the parent ships they accompanied .

Then transfer your measurements to the face of the card using a soft pencil .
then [give] your measurements to the face of the card using a soft pencil .

It represents a radical and all-embracing transfer of allegiance .
it represents a radical and all-embracing [give] of allegiance .

Such longings find expression in the Song of Mary ( Luke 1:46–55 ) , the prophecy of Zechariah ( Luke 1:68–79 ) , among Andrew , Simon Peter , Philip and Nathaniel as disciples of John the Baptist , who were encouraged by their self-effacing master to transfer their allegiance to Christ ( John 1:29–50 ) , by spiritually discerning Pharisees such as Nicodemus ( John 3:1–8 ) , and in the case of Joseph of Arimathea , a member of the Jerusalem Council , who ‘ was waiting for the coming of the Kingdom of God ’ ( Luke 23:50 , 51 ) .
such longings find expression in the song of mary ( luke 1:46–55 ) , the prophecy of zechariah ( luke 1:68–79 ) , among andrew , simon peter , philip and nathaniel as disciples of john the baptist , who were encouraged by their self-effacing master to [give] their allegiance to christ ( john 1:29–50 ) , by spiritually discerning pharisees such as nicodemus ( john 3:1–8 ) , and in the case of joseph of arimathea , a member of the jerusalem council , who ‘ was waiting for the coming of the kingdom of god ’ ( luke 23:50 , 51 ) .

There are three possibilities ; people can be lost through death ( which may be a high proportion in an elderly congregation located in a retirement area ) , transfer out ( high in an old community due for demolition , or where people move in search of employment or as they are relocated or promoted ) , or reversion ( may be high where the social pressure is hostile to the church , or where church morale is at a low ebb ) .
there are three possibilities ; people can be lost through death ( which may be a high proportion in an elderly congregation located in a retirement area ) , [give] out ( high in an old community due for demolition , or where people move in search of employment or as they are relocated or promoted ) , or reversion ( may be high where the social pressure is hostile to the church , or where church morale is at a low ebb ) .

Looking now at the gains and losses bar graph for the year we see that the main explanation for their growth has been the addition of thirty-two members through transfer .
looking now at the gains and losses bar graph for the year we see that the main explanation for their growth has been the addition of thirty-two members through [give] .

The major loss was through transfer out as fifteen people were relocated or moved abroad on promotion or on changing to a new firm .
the major loss was through [give] out as fifteen people were relocated or moved abroad on promotion or on changing to a new firm .

Chances then arise to transfer that energy into another field — work , relationships , or spiritual growth .
chances then arise to [give] that energy into another field — work , relationships , or spiritual growth .

His father secured a civil service transfer to a post in Scotland and at the beginning of September moved to a house about three miles from where Derek and his wife had settled .
his father secured a civil service [give] to a post in scotland and at the beginning of september moved to a house about three miles from where derek and his wife had settled .

The commissioner was Judge Ireland who was on a temporary transfer from Scotland .
the commissioner was judge ireland who was on a temporary [give] from scotland .

Arrangements were made for explanations of the transfer to be demanded by the influential Public Accounts Committee of the House of Commons .
arrangements were made for explanations of the [give] to be demanded by the influential public accounts committee of the house of commons .

Reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , transfer , modify or make any attempt to discover the source code of the Program .
reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , [give] , modify or make any attempt to discover the source code of the program .

Transfer the Program , or any copy , modification , or merged portion , in whole or in part , except as expressly provided for in this license .
[give] the program , or any copy , modification , or merged portion , in whole or in part , except as expressly provided for in this license .

The other Non-academic Parties will also notify the Lead Organization of the sale or transfer out of the Project of any capital equipment for which any claim for payment has been made under this Agreement .
the other non-academic parties will also notify the lead organization of the sale or [give] out of the project of any capital equipment for which any claim for payment has been made under this agreement .

The book-collector becomes familiar with the ‘ off-set ’ , which is the accidental transfer , in a rather tasteful brown shade , of ink from a printed page or illustration to the opposite page .
the book-collector becomes familiar with the ‘ off-set ’ , which is the accidental [give] , in a rather tasteful brown shade , of ink from a printed page or illustration to the opposite page .

Official documents and those concerned with the lease , sale and transfer of land and other property , survive in considerable numbers from medieval times , but these are usually only of much interest to the topographer and county historian .
official documents and those concerned with the lease , sale and [give] of land and other property , survive in considerable numbers from medieval times , but these are usually only of much interest to the topographer and county historian .

In this primeval chaos man 's unbridled egotism reigned supreme with no government to restrain it ; property was not respected and no orderly means existed for its transfer from one generation to the next ; marriage was unknown and mating was savagely haphazard and competitive .
in this primeval chaos man 's unbridled egotism reigned supreme with no government to restrain it ; property was not respected and no orderly means existed for its [give] from one generation to the next ; marriage was unknown and mating was savagely haphazard and competitive .

Many observers suggest that this transfer has had mainly adverse effects on the population concerned .
many observers suggest that this [give] has had mainly adverse effects on the population concerned .

The second is that staff who transfer from hospitals to the community change their attitudes toward their charges , taking on new enabling and nurturing rather than rule-enforcing and limit-setting care roles .
the second is that staff who [give] from hospitals to the community change their attitudes toward their charges , taking on new enabling and nurturing rather than rule-enforcing and limit-setting care roles .

This involved a straightforward transfer of patients from mental hospitals to board-with care houses or nursing homes .
this involved a straightforward [give] of patients from mental hospitals to board-with care houses or nursing homes .

The religious/municipal dichotomy , coupled with a lack of direct state provision of health services , probably accounts for the lack of a widespread deinstitutionalizing or care transfer movement .
the religious/municipal dichotomy , coupled with a lack of direct state provision of health services , probably accounts for the lack of a widespread deinstitutionalizing or care [give] movement .

Plans were also made to phase out unoccupied mental hospital beds and to transfer others to community services .
plans were also made to phase out unoccupied mental hospital beds and to [give] others to community services .

The transfer of patients from St Wulstan 's to Powick , in order to bring about the closure of the former hospital , which housed a preponderance of younger long-stay patients , was planned almost in spite of the Development Project .
the [give] of patients from st wulstan 's to powick , in order to bring about the closure of the former hospital , which housed a preponderance of younger long-stay patients , was planned almost in spite of the development project .

In terms of crude numbers , the implementation of closure involved the transfer of around 350 long-stay and elderly patients from Banstead to upgraded wards in Horton .
in terms of crude numbers , the implementation of closure involved the [give] of around 350 long-stay and elderly patients from banstead to upgraded wards in horton .

When however consideration is given to which patients should be transferred back to locally based hospitals from the geographically remote major illness hospitals , there are comparatively few for whom such a transfer is in their best interests , clinically or socially .
when however consideration is given to which patients should be transferred back to locally based hospitals from the geographically remote major illness hospitals , there are comparatively few for whom such a [give] is in their best interests , clinically or socially .

It is the advice of Consultant Psychiatrists at Banstead and Horton that while there may be a ‘ small number of patients in other categories who might be suitable on an individual basis for transfer to appropriate alternative facilities , there is only one category of patient which can seriously be considered for transfer .
it is the advice of consultant psychiatrists at banstead and horton that while there may be a ‘ small number of patients in other categories who might be suitable on an individual basis for [give] to appropriate alternative facilities , there is only one category of patient which can seriously be considered for [give] .

The opportunity to achieve a notional transfer of management responsibility to the districts , which were the heavy users of the institutions , was provided by the 1982 reorganization , through which North Devon and South Devon ( Torbay ) became autonomous districts .
the opportunity to achieve a notional [give] of management responsibility to the districts , which were the heavy users of the institutions , was provided by the 1982 reorganization , through which north devon and south devon ( torbay ) became autonomous districts .

The French had to give up New France , surrendering the St. Lawrence valley and the east side of the Mississippi ( except for a small area around New Orleans ) to the British , and transfer to the Spanish what was left , so the Spanish empire in North America took a long step forward to the north-east from its base in Texas and New Mexico .
the french had to give up new france , surrendering the st. lawrence valley and the east side of the mississippi ( except for a small area around new orleans ) to the british , and [give] to the spanish what was left , so the spanish empire in north america took a long step forward to the north-east from its base in texas and new mexico .

Mass storage and disk drive manufacturer Iomega Corp , Roy , Utah , is to distribute TransferPro , a file exchange software program from Digital Instrumentation Technology Inc , Los Alamos , New Mexico : TransferPro allows non-network users to transfer files between workstations , personal computers and Apple Macintoshes — prices start at $350 on Sun Microsystems Inc and Silicon Graphics Inc workstations .
mass storage and disk drive manufacturer iomega corp , roy , utah , is to distribute transferpro , a file exchange software program from digital instrumentation technology inc , los alamos , new mexico : transferpro allows non-network users to [give] files between workstations , personal computers and apple macintoshes — prices start at $350 on sun microsystems inc and silicon graphics inc workstations .

Adoption involves the legal transfer of responsibility for a child from its natural parents .
adoption involves the legal [give] of responsibility for a child from its natural parents .

‘ Very low risk ’ activity is not known to be a risk but could occasionally result in transfer of these body fluids to another person .
‘ very low risk ’ activity is not known to be a risk but could occasionally result in [give] of these body fluids to another person .

‘ Low risk ’ activity could transfer body fluids that are known to be infectious .
‘ low risk ’ activity could [give] body fluids that are known to be infectious .

‘ High risk ’ activity involves transfer of fluid that can be infectious to another person , to a site where infection has been known to occur .
‘ high risk ’ activity involves [give] of fluid that can be infectious to another person , to a site where infection has been known to occur .

No risk activity ( no transfer of body fluids ) :
no risk activity ( no [give] of body fluids ) :

Very low risk activity ( possible transfer of body fluids ) :
very low risk activity ( possible [give] of body fluids ) :

The Regional Research Program Coordinator will work closely with national agricultural research programs of Iraq , Jordan and Syria — the Mashreq countries — to implement the Mashreq Project , an effort jointly funded by the United Nations Development Program and the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development , involving research , training and technology transfer to increase productivity of barley , pastures and livestock production in low rainfall areas . Position has overall responsibility for execution of the Mashreq Program including :
the regional research program coordinator will work closely with national agricultural research programs of iraq , jordan and syria — the mashreq countries — to implement the mashreq project , an effort jointly funded by the united nations development program and the arab fund for economic and social development , involving research , training and technology [give] to increase productivity of barley , pastures and livestock production in low rainfall areas . position has overall responsibility for execution of the mashreq program including :

to monitor and guide the development of about 12 irrigation training institutes in a large developing country in South Asia to assure their long-term sustainability , including the promotion of technology transfer activities .
to monitor and guide the development of about 12 irrigation training institutes in a large developing country in south asia to assure their long-term sustainability , including the promotion of technology [give] activities .

The University has committed significant resources to the Centre , associated with the transfer of Dr Peter Bruce to St Andrews , and it is equipped with a wide range of electrochemical techniques .
the university has committed significant resources to the centre , associated with the [give] of dr peter bruce to st andrews , and it is equipped with a wide range of electrochemical techniques .

Ideally , you will have a degree in engineering or science with a working knowledge of heat transfer mechanisms .
ideally , you will have a degree in engineering or science with a working knowledge of heat [give] mechanisms .

Transfer from special school to integrated provision as a pupil gains mastery of specialised skills or transfer from integrated provision to special provision for specific reasons should be neither surprising nor impossible .
[give] from special school to integrated provision as a pupil gains mastery of specialised skills or [give] from integrated provision to special provision for specific reasons should be neither surprising nor impossible .

Since the condition often occurs in the secondary-school years , the young person may not only be faced with the trauma of the diagnosis and the confusion of being still able to see clearly in some situations and not at all in others , but there may also have to be a decision to transfer the medium of communication from print to braille , all this taking place in the years leading up to important examinations .
since the condition often occurs in the secondary-school years , the young person may not only be faced with the trauma of the diagnosis and the confusion of being still able to see clearly in some situations and not at all in others , but there may also have to be a decision to [give] the medium of communication from print to braille , all this taking place in the years leading up to important examinations .

It also times the transfer of its eggs extremely carefully so that most of them hatch in the hosts ' nests at exactly the right time .
it also times the [give] of its eggs extremely carefully so that most of them hatch in the hosts ' nests at exactly the right time .

‘ And after the Venerable Dorn had rescued the mutilated , charred living corpse of the Emperor in the wake of that direst of victories against the renegade Horus , ’ declaimed moon-faced combat-Chaplain Lo Chang in chapel ; ‘ and after he had overseen the construction of the Golden Throne , guided by the Emperor 's mighty spirit as He lay in life-support ; and after Rogal Dorn had witnessed the transfer of that unquenchable divine husk into the Great Psychoprosthetic Throne , lo , afterwards our Primarch lived for another four hundred and thirteen years … ’
‘ and after the venerable dorn had rescued the mutilated , charred living corpse of the emperor in the wake of that direst of victories against the renegade horus , ’ declaimed moon-faced combat-chaplain lo chang in chapel ; ‘ and after he had overseen the construction of the golden throne , guided by the emperor 's mighty spirit as he lay in life-support ; and after rogal dorn had witnessed the [give] of that unquenchable divine husk into the great psychoprosthetic throne , lo , afterwards our primarch lived for another four hundred and thirteen years … ’

He was a short man , barrel-built , and his physique was suited to the paratroop unit he had been a part of before his transfer from the active service troops of the Red Army , to the mind-twisting boredom of Ministry of the Interior camp supervision .
he was a short man , barrel-built , and his physique was suited to the paratroop unit he had been a part of before his [give] from the active service troops of the red army , to the mind-twisting boredom of ministry of the interior camp supervision .

The transfer arrangements for Holly and Demyonov had been basically a Foreign and Commonwealth matter , and rightly so .
the [give] arrangements for holly and demyonov had been basically a foreign and commonwealth matter , and rightly so .

Think on it tonight , think on a transfer to Vladimir , think on a flight to London .
think on it tonight , think on a [give] to vladimir , think on a flight to london .

Some sceptics also felt that community care was in such a mess that it would be quite convenient for the government to transfer future blame for failure on to local councils .
some sceptics also felt that community care was in such a mess that it would be quite convenient for the government to [give] future blame for failure on to local councils .

The company may enter into a formal agreement with its work-force to transfer a substantial percentage of gross profits each year to a trust fund .
the company may enter into a formal agreement with its work-force to [give] a substantial percentage of gross profits each year to a trust fund .

The freeholder may separate and transfer certain rights inherent in the ownership of the fee simple absolute to another person for a fixed term of years .
the freeholder may separate and [give] certain rights inherent in the ownership of the fee simple absolute to another person for a fixed term of years .

In this case the local authority seeks to transfer a proportion of the appreciation in the value of the land as a result of planning approval being granted to the benefit of the community at large .
in this case the local authority seeks to [give] a proportion of the appreciation in the value of the land as a result of planning approval being granted to the benefit of the community at large .

Because the documentation is produced internally and no cash transfer is involved there may be a tendency for the pricing of stores issue notes to be deferred , with the consequential possibility of late or under-costing .
because the documentation is produced internally and no cash [give] is involved there may be a tendency for the pricing of stores issue notes to be deferred , with the consequential possibility of late or under-costing .

The idea of regional or republican cost-accounting received no more than a cautious welcome in the resolution on national relations that was adopted at the conference ; the resolution did however speak of the ‘ further development ’ of the federation , involving the transfer of greater powers to the local level and to the union republics in particular .
the idea of regional or republican cost-accounting received no more than a cautious welcome in the resolution on national relations that was adopted at the conference ; the resolution did however speak of the ‘ further development ’ of the federation , involving the [give] of greater powers to the local level and to the union republics in particular .

Despite Gorbachev 's assurances to two Armenian emissaries that a ‘ just solution ’ would be found , the Supreme Soviet Presidium warned on 23 March that ‘ self-proclaimed groups ’ ( a reference to the Karabakh Committee , a group of Armenian activists whose activities were made illegal ) could not be allowed to call for the redrawing of state and administrative boundaries , and Pravda made clear that the transfer of .
despite gorbachev 's assurances to two armenian emissaries that a ‘ just solution ’ would be found , the supreme soviet presidium warned on 23 march that ‘ self-proclaimed groups ’ ( a reference to the karabakh committee , a group of armenian activists whose activities were made illegal ) could not be allowed to call for the redrawing of state and administrative boundaries , and pravda made clear that the [give] of .

In the future , the Central Committee suggested , there should be radical changes in state structure leading to a ‘ renewed federation ’ with greater devolved powers for the union republics , including their transfer to a cost-accounting basis within what would continue to be a single domestic market .
in the future , the central committee suggested , there should be radical changes in state structure leading to a ‘ renewed federation ’ with greater devolved powers for the union republics , including their [give] to a cost-accounting basis within what would continue to be a single domestic market .

Our leading goal-scorer , Royston Marley , is sadly on the move back to his native West Indies following receipt of special transfer forms .
our leading goal-scorer , royston marley , is sadly on the move back to his native west indies following receipt of special [give] forms .

After further discussion , and the transfer of Mr Sowerberry 's money from Noah 's pocket to Fagin 's , agreement was reached .
after further discussion , and the [give] of mr sowerberry 's money from noah 's pocket to fagin 's , agreement was reached .

if [ we ] raised prices to a lesser amount than [ our competitor ] and [ it ] failed to lower its own prices to the same level , there would be an immediate transfer of business [ to us ] … This would lead to a long-term retaliation by [ our competitor ] .
if [ we ] raised prices to a lesser amount than [ our competitor ] and [ it ] failed to lower its own prices to the same level , there would be an immediate [give] of business [ to us ] … this would lead to a long-term retaliation by [ our competitor ] .

Thus prefer , occur , transfer , make preferred , preferring , occurred , occurring , transferred , transferring , but offer makes offered , offering .
thus prefer , occur , [give] , make preferred , preferring , occurred , occurring , transferred , transferring , but offer makes offered , offering .

It is , nevertheless , pretty easy for a solicitor to transfer to the Bar : the most onerous requirement is that he must spend six months in pupillage .
it is , nevertheless , pretty easy for a solicitor to [give] to the bar : the most onerous requirement is that he must spend six months in pupillage .

Or you may transfer to the solicitors ' branch .
or you may [give] to the solicitors ' branch .

This ideological stance is somewhat difficult to transfer into languages in which gender distinctions pervade the grammatical system .
this ideological stance is somewhat difficult to [give] into languages in which gender distinctions pervade the grammatical system .

Second , it must be possible to transfer these theories of group behaviour to generate predictive models , and third to apply this aggregate theory to the behaviour of individuals .
second , it must be possible to [give] these theories of group behaviour to generate predictive models , and third to apply this aggregate theory to the behaviour of individuals .

What has happened , therefore , is a transfer of production from the field to the factory floor , so that the field is now but one stage of the production-line process .
what has happened , therefore , is a [give] of production from the field to the factory floor , so that the field is now but one stage of the production-line process .

Although much recent work ( Maos , 1983 , 47 ) confirms that ‘ the efficiency of services is higher in concentrated settlement patterns and can be further improved by the transfer of service functions from lower to higher ranking centres ’ , some recent work has called for less emphasis to be placed on the economic evaluation of service provision .
although much recent work ( maos , 1983 , 47 ) confirms that ‘ the efficiency of services is higher in concentrated settlement patterns and can be further improved by the [give] of service functions from lower to higher ranking centres ’ , some recent work has called for less emphasis to be placed on the economic evaluation of service provision .

Within the post-war period , the two most enduring changes appear to have been a marked transfer from rough pasture to either woodland or farmland , and Parry et al .
within the post-war period , the two most enduring changes appear to have been a marked [give] from rough pasture to either woodland or farmland , and parry et al .

In this sense , a common carrier 's ‘ straight ’ or non-negotiable bill of lading is a document of title under United States law , especially since title to the goods ( although not as full fledged a title as with a negotiable bill of lading ) is acquired upon the transfer of a straight bill .
in this sense , a common carrier 's ‘ straight ’ or non-negotiable bill of lading is a document of title under united states law , especially since title to the goods ( although not as full fledged a title as with a negotiable bill of lading ) is acquired upon the [give] of a straight bill .

By the middle of the 19th century , European commercial codes sanctioned the assignment or transfer of bills of lading by endorsement or delivery .
by the middle of the 19th century , european commercial codes sanctioned the assignment or [give] of bills of lading by endorsement or delivery .

Assignment or transfer conveyed to the assignee the rights , and burdens or disabilities of the transferor-assignor .
assignment or [give] conveyed to the assignee the rights , and burdens or disabilities of the transferor-assignor .

Beyond assignment and transfer , however , was true negotiation ; i.e .
beyond assignment and [give] , however , was true negotiation ; i.e .

The transferee of a straight bill also acquires the right to notify the carrier of the transfer , and thereby to become the direct obligee of whatever obligations the carrier owed to the transferor of the bill immediately before the notification , including delivery of the goods .
the transferee of a straight bill also acquires the right to notify the carrier of the [give] , and thereby to become the direct obligee of whatever obligations the carrier owed to the transferor of the bill immediately before the notification , including delivery of the goods .

The first serious attempt to facilitate the electronic transfer of bill of lading rights took place in 1986 and lasted less than one year .
the first serious attempt to facilitate the electronic [give] of bill of lading rights took place in 1986 and lasted less than one year .

SeaDoc 's system of registration and endorsement was reminiscent of that used by stock transfer agents in the United States .
seadoc 's system of registration and endorsement was reminiscent of that used by stock [give] agents in the united states .

In addition , the bank 's refusal of the receipt message and of the eventual transfer of the bill of lading can also amount to a final rejection of beneficiary 's tender , especially when the discrepancy in the receipt message is major and incurable .
in addition , the bank 's refusal of the receipt message and of the eventual [give] of the bill of lading can also amount to a final rejection of beneficiary 's tender , especially when the discrepancy in the receipt message is major and incurable .

The holder is also given the same possessory and control rights as a holder of a paper based bill , including the rights to claim delivery of the goods , to nominate the consignee or substitute a nominated consignee , to transfer the right of control and transfer and to instruct the carrier with respect to the delivery of the goods .
the holder is also given the same possessory and control rights as a holder of a paper based bill , including the rights to claim delivery of the goods , to nominate the consignee or substitute a nominated consignee , to [give] the right of control and [give] and to instruct the carrier with respect to the delivery of the goods .

When the right of control and transfer is conveyed , the holder relies on the same method of notification by which he was made a holder , except that he will be the initiator of the message to the carrier , and will need to await the carrier 's confirmation before the transfer process can be set in motion .
when the right of control and [give] is conveyed , the holder relies on the same method of notification by which he was made a holder , except that he will be the initiator of the message to the carrier , and will need to await the carrier 's confirmation before the [give] process can be set in motion .

Upon the new holder 's confirmation of the carrier 's message , a confirmation that includes the new holder 's acceptance of the right of control and transfer , the carrier will cancel the current private key and will issue a new private key to the new holder .
upon the new holder 's confirmation of the carrier 's message , a confirmation that includes the new holder 's acceptance of the right of control and [give] , the carrier will cancel the current private key and will issue a new private key to the new holder .

Although the relevance of recordable bill of lading data depends upon the type of transaction involved , the following data are sufficiently generic so as to become prime candidates for public registry recording : 1 ) storage of goods in carriers ' warehouse or independent warehouses awaiting carriage ; 2 ) issuance of port to port and combined transport bills ; 3 ) on board loading ; 4 ) carriers ' ( actual or contractual ) names , and electronic signatures or authenticating devices ; 5 ) certificates of carrier , freight forwarder , and other issuer solvency or sufficiency of insurance ; 6 ) inspectors ' and other examiners ' names , electronic signatures or authenticating devices , and certifications of solvency or of sufficiency of insurance ; 7 ) negotiation , transfer , pledge , and presentation ( including cancellation ) of port to port and combined transport bills ; and 8 ) storage of goods upon termination of carriage , and issuance of warehouse and trust receipts .
although the relevance of recordable bill of lading data depends upon the type of transaction involved , the following data are sufficiently generic so as to become prime candidates for public registry recording : 1 ) storage of goods in carriers ' warehouse or independent warehouses awaiting carriage ; 2 ) issuance of port to port and combined transport bills ; 3 ) on board loading ; 4 ) carriers ' ( actual or contractual ) names , and electronic signatures or authenticating devices ; 5 ) certificates of carrier , freight forwarder , and other issuer solvency or sufficiency of insurance ; 6 ) inspectors ' and other examiners ' names , electronic signatures or authenticating devices , and certifications of solvency or of sufficiency of insurance ; 7 ) negotiation , [give] , pledge , and presentation ( including cancellation ) of port to port and combined transport bills ; and 8 ) storage of goods upon termination of carriage , and issuance of warehouse and trust receipts .

The introduction of the Resettlement Transfer Scheme in 1948 was the beginning of post-war labour mobility policies .
the introduction of the resettlement [give] scheme in 1948 was the beginning of post-war labour mobility policies .

The rise in unemployment in the early 1970s brought about even more improvements in the scheme which was renamed the Employment Transfer Scheme in 1972 .
the rise in unemployment in the early 1970s brought about even more improvements in the scheme which was renamed the employment [give] scheme in 1972 .

Yet , at the same time , these are the sectors that are most likely to provide for those workers ( the lower paid and the unemployed ) at whom the government 's migration policies , operating through the Employment Transfer and Job Search Schemes , are aimed .
yet , at the same time , these are the sectors that are most likely to provide for those workers ( the lower paid and the unemployed ) at whom the government 's migration policies , operating through the employment [give] and job search schemes , are aimed .

After that , things moved with reasonable speed — that is , as speedily as anything can move , when it involves the law , or finance , or the transfer of property — and in due course the money was paid into Ernest 's bank account , and he acquired a new lease on the Silmour Street premises .
after that , things moved with reasonable speed — that is , as speedily as anything can move , when it involves the law , or finance , or the [give] of property — and in due course the money was paid into ernest 's bank account , and he acquired a new lease on the silmour street premises .

It fits well with the way the figure placed next her in fig 124 is lifting the mantle on her shoulders ; and this is against the suggested transfer .
it fits well with the way the figure placed next her in fig 124 is lifting the mantle on her shoulders ; and this is against the suggested [give] .

( 1973 ) , however , the success of these efforts was undermined by various factors including the inadequate scale of the original overspill programme , the influx of immigrants from the New Commonwealth and Pakistan , the 1960s baby boom , and a reluctance among both Tory-controlled shires and Labour-held city authorities to countenance the transfer of large numbers of low-income people from town to country .
( 1973 ) , however , the success of these efforts was undermined by various factors including the inadequate scale of the original overspill programme , the influx of immigrants from the new commonwealth and pakistan , the 1960s baby boom , and a reluctance among both tory-controlled shires and labour-held city authorities to countenance the [give] of large numbers of low-income people from town to country .

In particular , the virtual absence of the private-rented sector in the suburbs and new growth areas , together with the rundown of public-sector housing construction , have made almost impossible a net transfer of lower-paid people out of the inner city areas in the 1980s .
in particular , the virtual absence of the private-rented sector in the suburbs and new growth areas , together with the rundown of public-sector housing construction , have made almost impossible a net [give] of lower-paid people out of the inner city areas in the 1980s .

Some time back , when the warning signs were becoming clearer and Richard was incapacitated , she had been cunning enough to transfer certain holdings into her own name .
some time back , when the warning signs were becoming clearer and richard was incapacitated , she had been cunning enough to [give] certain holdings into her own name .

In so doing the newcomers have contributed to the sense of urban encroachment on rural political affairs among farmers and landowners which goes back over a much longer period , and which has been associated with changes in the institutions of political control in the countryside : the gradual decline in the personalized and autocratic power of the locally resident squirearchy and the transfer of public administration to a more formal and impersonal framework of local government since local politics were first placed on a democratic footing in 1888 .
in so doing the newcomers have contributed to the sense of urban encroachment on rural political affairs among farmers and landowners which goes back over a much longer period , and which has been associated with changes in the institutions of political control in the countryside : the gradual decline in the personalized and autocratic power of the locally resident squirearchy and the [give] of public administration to a more formal and impersonal framework of local government since local politics were first placed on a democratic footing in 1888 .

Only three of the housing departments that provided information were able to state how many households on their waiting or transfer list required wheelchair or mobility adapted housing , and only two of these were able to break this information down by bedroom size .
only three of the housing departments that provided information were able to state how many households on their waiting or [give] list required wheelchair or mobility adapted housing , and only two of these were able to break this information down by bedroom size .

Hospital doctors , for example , are still expected to have the last word about their patients ' discharge dates , or about their transfer to other institutions , or to decide whether they should be offered facilities such as regular readmission to relieve carers .
hospital doctors , for example , are still expected to have the last word about their patients ' discharge dates , or about their [give] to other institutions , or to decide whether they should be offered facilities such as regular readmission to relieve carers .

‘ That is a problem , ’ Adam admitted , ‘ although , of course , we could transfer our affairs to Paul 's new firm .
‘ that is a problem , ’ adam admitted , ‘ although , of course , we could [give] our affairs to paul 's new firm .

‘ And the transfer of the capital — how 's that proceeding ? ’ The capital was the bulk of the fortune .
‘ and the [give] of the capital — how 's that proceeding ? ’ the capital was the bulk of the fortune .

The strength of union bargaining power is , however , variable , being dependent on such factors as levels of unionisation , the regulatory controls to which unions are required to conform , the ease with which the employer can transfer operations to another country , and not least the state of the employment market .
the strength of union bargaining power is , however , variable , being dependent on such factors as levels of unionisation , the regulatory controls to which unions are required to conform , the ease with which the employer can [give] operations to another country , and not least the state of the employment market .

The Companies Act empowers a company to make payments to employees or former employees on the cessation or transfer of the business ( in effect , voluntary redundancy payments ) , notwithstanding that the exercise of this power is not ‘ in the best interests of the company ’ .
the companies act empowers a company to make payments to employees or former employees on the cessation or [give] of the business ( in effect , voluntary redundancy payments ) , notwithstanding that the exercise of this power is not ‘ in the best interests of the company ’ .

The crucial issue is whether this merely represents a transfer in wealth from the acquirer , or whether there is an increase in wealth overall .
the crucial issue is whether this merely represents a [give] in wealth from the acquirer , or whether there is an increase in wealth overall .

‘ And you show it by putting in for a transfer behind my back , ’ he roared , his face as black as thunder .
‘ and you show it by putting in for a [give] behind my back , ’ he roared , his face as black as thunder .

It was nearly a week before Ingrid dared to ask for a transfer to the officer 's mess .
it was nearly a week before ingrid dared to ask for a [give] to the officer 's mess .

The first of these is the data transfer time .
the first of these is the data [give] time .

For example if the records took up half a track on a device with a rotation time of 25 ms ( 2400 rpm ) then the data transfer would take about 12.5 ms .
for example if the records took up half a track on a device with a rotation time of 25 ms ( 2400 rpm ) then the data [give] would take about 12.5 ms .

The second is the time taken from the moment a record is requested by the program to the time when accessing and transfer takes place , known as wait time or queue time .
the second is the time taken from the moment a record is requested by the program to the time when accessing and [give] takes place , known as wait time or queue time .

There is some advantage in treating the whole embedded overflow area as a single large blocked record , and manufacturers ' software often does transfer the whole track into main storage when an addition is to be made ; this allows for the addition itself , creation of link fields , changes of index , etc .
there is some advantage in treating the whole embedded overflow area as a single large blocked record , and manufacturers ' software often does [give] the whole track into main storage when an addition is to be made ; this allows for the addition itself , creation of link fields , changes of index , etc .

However , handling the whole track as a single block would prevent rapid transfer of individual records from the embedded overflow area during direct access reference , which is the reason this method is often not adopted ( but see the section on software packages , p. 264 ) .
however , handling the whole track as a single block would prevent rapid [give] of individual records from the embedded overflow area during direct access reference , which is the reason this method is often not adopted ( but see the section on software packages , p. 264 ) .

The main impact of blocking on the speed of skip-sequential processing is usually counter-productive , although it often achieves more in space-saving and rapid data transfer than is lost in increased block activity .
the main impact of blocking on the speed of skip-sequential processing is usually counter-productive , although it often achieves more in space-saving and rapid data [give] than is lost in increased block activity .

The record search process is not usually lengthened at all , so only the increased data transfer time needs to be considered .
the record search process is not usually lengthened at all , so only the increased data [give] time needs to be considered .

Sukemi applied for a transfer back to Java and was sent to Surabaya , a major port .
sukemi applied for a [give] back to java and was sent to surabaya , a major port .

There is the sale of the family home by grandparents and the transfer of what are often quite large sums of capital to grandchildren in the form of a down payment on a new home .
there is the sale of the family home by grandparents and the [give] of what are often quite large sums of capital to grandchildren in the form of a down payment on a new home .

An evening out of jobs between regions would be the first step in what , in the longer term , should aim to be an almost complete transfer of government jobs from areas of full employment into areas with the highest levels of unemployment .
an evening out of jobs between regions would be the first step in what , in the longer term , should aim to be an almost complete [give] of government jobs from areas of full employment into areas with the highest levels of unemployment .

Those dissatisfied with one friendly society would be able to transfer their entitlements to another .
those dissatisfied with one friendly society would be able to [give] their entitlements to another .

The advantage would be that students could transfer between colleges .
the advantage would be that students could [give] between colleges .

All this is now being challenged by the more aggregative metaphors associated with modular courses , student choice , accessibility and flexibility , credit transfer and part-time study ( Squires 1979 ) .
all this is now being challenged by the more aggregative metaphors associated with modular courses , student choice , accessibility and flexibility , credit [give] and part-time study ( squires 1979 ) .

They did , however , want to experience this new approach in isolation and to transfer the lessons .
they did , however , want to experience this new approach in isolation and to [give] the lessons .

‘ Component companies in the corporate family are able to launch joint projects , transfer mutually useful information , and cross-fertilize one another ’ ( ibid . )
‘ component companies in the corporate family are able to launch joint projects , [give] mutually useful information , and cross-fertilize one another ’ ( ibid . )

He would like to transfer from administrative work to the sales staff of the aluminium company for which he worked .
he would like to [give] from administrative work to the sales staff of the aluminium company for which he worked .

They make good employees for ‘ us ’ : a transfer has now occurred , for the pronoun now refers to commercial enterprises , financed by the World Bank .
they make good employees for ‘ us ’ : a [give] has now occurred , for the pronoun now refers to commercial enterprises , financed by the world bank .

in such of the terms on which she is offered employment as make provision in relation to the way in which she will be afforded access to opportunities for promotion , transfer or training or as provide for her dismissal or demotion ; or
in such of the terms on which she is offered employment as make provision in relation to the way in which she will be afforded access to opportunities for promotion , [give] or training or as provide for her dismissal or demotion ; or

in the way she is afforded access to opportunities for promotion , transfer or training or by refusing or deliberately omitting to afford her access to any such opportunities ; or
in the way she is afforded access to opportunities for promotion , [give] or training or by refusing or deliberately omitting to afford her access to any such opportunities ; or

Previous restrictions on the transfer of shares in private companies and the limit on the number of members of a private company have been removed .
previous restrictions on the [give] of shares in private companies and the limit on the number of members of a private company have been removed .

share ( share capital , share certificates , lien on shares , calls on shares and forfeiture , transfer of shares , alteration of share capital , purchase by company of its own shares ) ;
share ( share capital , share certificates , lien on shares , calls on shares and forfeiture , [give] of shares , alteration of share capital , purchase by company of its own shares ) ;

In a partnership no partner may transfer his or her share without the consent of the others .
in a partnership no partner may [give] his or her share without the consent of the others .

Any disposal of company property or transfer of shares , etc. , is void .
any disposal of company property or [give] of shares , etc. , is void .

the limitations on the scope of the business , including the franchisee 's right to sell or transfer the franchise ;
the limitations on the scope of the business , including the franchisee 's right to sell or [give] the franchise ;

The commodities produced in the new international division of labour are , above all , to be exported and imported either by trade between merchants on the world market or by transfer ( as semi-finished parts of finished articles ) from one branch of a multinational corporation to another branch .
the commodities produced in the new international division of labour are , above all , to be exported and imported either by trade between merchants on the world market or by [give] ( as semi-finished parts of finished articles ) from one branch of a multinational corporation to another branch .

The development of different methods of handling land transfer , especially inter-generational land transfer , introduced further variations within the cultural mosaic .
the development of different methods of handling land [give] , especially inter-generational land [give] , introduced further variations within the cultural mosaic .

But within this apparently uniform pattern of land use were a number of local variations , including those pertaining to land transfer .
but within this apparently uniform pattern of land use were a number of local variations , including those pertaining to land [give] .

Land tenure systems , and the arrangements for land transfer , are thus cultural creations , which enable life to continue ( providing opportunities ) and yet constrain changes .
land tenure systems , and the arrangements for land [give] , are thus cultural creations , which enable life to continue ( providing opportunities ) and yet constrain changes .

Leeds ( 1984 ) , for example , argues that whereas all nucleated settlements ( or places in the present context ) have the same functions — ‘ facilitation of all forms of exchange , transfer , and communications while linking the nucleation or locality both with other localities and with society at large ( p. 295 ) — there is also a threefold specialization between places .
leeds ( 1984 ) , for example , argues that whereas all nucleated settlements ( or places in the present context ) have the same functions — ‘ facilitation of all forms of exchange , [give] , and communications while linking the nucleation or locality both with other localities and with society at large ( p. 295 ) — there is also a threefold specialization between places .

Environmental determinists are also numerous among the social commentators of the period : ‘ Wretched houses make wretched homes ; and while immoral or slatternly habits convert fine dwellings into styes , it is almost as true that dirty and unhealthy habitations transfer a taint to the character and habits of the persons who occupy them .
environmental determinists are also numerous among the social commentators of the period : ‘ wretched houses make wretched homes ; and while immoral or slatternly habits convert fine dwellings into styes , it is almost as true that dirty and unhealthy habitations [give] a taint to the character and habits of the persons who occupy them .

Where no expansion was taking place , the only chance of transfer was if vacancies arose in the regular workforce .
where no expansion was taking place , the only chance of [give] was if vacancies arose in the regular workforce .

There are thus two levels of data transfer : management information and requests , and the handling of engineering details of the design .
there are thus two levels of data [give] : management information and requests , and the handling of engineering details of the design .

The connecting network thus handles both levels of data transfer through the initial step of passing management-type requests which can pick out the necessary engineering data for the problem solution .
the connecting network thus handles both levels of data [give] through the initial step of passing management-type requests which can pick out the necessary engineering data for the problem solution .

Data Transfer Standard
data [give] standard

The second site receives the transmission request and establishes whether the system is available and , if so , conducts the data transfer .
the second site receives the transmission request and establishes whether the system is available and , if so , conducts the data [give] .

However , one evening an imposing delegation of Tominahs arrived unannounced in our royal upstairs boudoir to inform Ranteallo that the spiritual path was finally clear to transfer Puang Sangalla 's remains from its abode of four years , a quarter of a mile away , to the death-house in the Rante for the culminating month of final rites .
however , one evening an imposing delegation of tominahs arrived unannounced in our royal upstairs boudoir to inform ranteallo that the spiritual path was finally clear to [give] puang sangalla 's remains from its abode of four years , a quarter of a mile away , to the death-house in the rante for the culminating month of final rites .

On arriving back in your room after a day at college , you should immediately ( do n't leave it until later ) transfer the day 's pages of notes to the individual Shelfolds that have been allocated one to each course or subject .
on arriving back in your room after a day at college , you should immediately ( do n't leave it until later ) [give] the day 's pages of notes to the individual shelfolds that have been allocated one to each course or subject .

Reference is made in chapter 4 to the value of making good notes but , as the time of the examination approaches , it is good policy to transfer key facts and figures on to swot cards .
reference is made in chapter 4 to the value of making good notes but , as the time of the examination approaches , it is good policy to [give] key facts and figures on to swot cards .

‘ We therefore conclude that there was de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and Ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that Ballay took possession of the goods ; that accordingly the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .
‘ we therefore conclude that there was de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that ballay took possession of the goods ; that accordingly the [give] of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .

Under the old law they could not have been found guilty of larceny , because the seller agreed to transfer the property in the goods to Ballay , and the fact that the seller 's agreement was obtained by a fraud does not affect that conclusion .
under the old law they could not have been found guilty of larceny , because the seller agreed to [give] the property in the goods to ballay , and the fact that the seller 's agreement was obtained by a fraud does not affect that conclusion .

‘ 5(1) Property shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an interest ) . …
‘ 5(1) property shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to [give] or grant an interest ) . …

We therefore conclude that there was a de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and Ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that Ballay took possession of the goods ; that accordingly the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .
we therefore conclude that there was a de facto , albeit voidable contract , between the owners and ballay ; that it was by virtue of that contract that ballay took possession of the goods ; that accordingly the [give] of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation .

It is proposed to transfer profit of £6,565,000 to revenue reserves .
it is proposed to [give] profit of £6,565,000 to revenue reserves .

details of the accounting treatment adopted for the issue , transfer or cancellation .
details of the accounting treatment adopted for the issue , [give] or cancellation .

7 Measure the area exactly and scale it down for transfer to squared paper — a large scale would be 1.2 cm ( ½ in ) per 30 cm ( 12 in ) , but if you want to mark in all the plants in all the beds , it would have to be of the order of 5 cm/30 cm ( 2 in/12 in ) .
7 measure the area exactly and scale it down for [give] to squared paper — a large scale would be 1.2 cm ( ½ in ) per 30 cm ( 12 in ) , but if you want to mark in all the plants in all the beds , it would have to be of the order of 5 cm/30 cm ( 2 in/12 in ) .

Thus either the comparative inefficiency of one hemisphere in dealing with the information presented and/or a reduction in stimulus fidelity consequent upon hemispheric transfer are held to account for the advantage obtained for a particular half of the visual field .
thus either the comparative inefficiency of one hemisphere in dealing with the information presented and/or a reduction in stimulus fidelity consequent upon hemispheric [give] are held to account for the advantage obtained for a particular half of the visual field .

Based on the argument outlined above , measures of inter-hemispheric transfer time have ranged from around 3 msec .
based on the argument outlined above , measures of inter-hemispheric [give] time have ranged from around 3 msec .

Another related reason may be that it is not at all clear what it is that is transmitted during inter-hemispheric transfer .
another related reason may be that it is not at all clear what it is that is transmitted during inter-hemispheric [give] .

The right kind of video material can transfer those limited bits of language to realistic situations outside the classroom and begin to bridge the gap between the two .
the right kind of video material can [give] those limited bits of language to realistic situations outside the classroom and begin to bridge the gap between the two .

By the stage we define broadly as intermediate , learners are some way towards developing control of the language they are learning : their store of language has grown to a point where they can adapt , adjust and add to it with some facility ; they can transfer language use from one context to another ; they are building up more complex networks of language and the work we do in the classroom at this level is similarly more complex and less controlled .
by the stage we define broadly as intermediate , learners are some way towards developing control of the language they are learning : their store of language has grown to a point where they can adapt , adjust and add to it with some facility ; they can [give] language use from one context to another ; they are building up more complex networks of language and the work we do in the classroom at this level is similarly more complex and less controlled .

With a four-inch diameter pipe , you would have to restrict the water flow considerably to draw air down the venturi pipe , which would defeat the object of having the wide bore pipe in the first place : that is , to transfer a large volume of water with the minimum disturbance .
with a four-inch diameter pipe , you would have to restrict the water flow considerably to draw air down the venturi pipe , which would defeat the object of having the wide bore pipe in the first place : that is , to [give] a large volume of water with the minimum disturbance .

Also it would be very wasteful of pump power and , depending where the transfer pipe entered the second filter/filter chamber , would not necessarily give you the oxygenation you wish for .
also it would be very wasteful of pump power and , depending where the [give] pipe entered the second filter/filter chamber , would not necessarily give you the oxygenation you wish for .

Henrietta ( Hetty to her friends , of whom Liz was not one ) embarrassed her , she could never say why : she represented pain , failure , tedium , though not in her own person : somehow , magically , she managed to transfer these attributes to those with whom she conversed , while herself remaining poised and indeed complacent , secure of admiration .
henrietta ( hetty to her friends , of whom liz was not one ) embarrassed her , she could never say why : she represented pain , failure , tedium , though not in her own person : somehow , magically , she managed to [give] these attributes to those with whom she conversed , while herself remaining poised and indeed complacent , secure of admiration .

173 , Mr. Ronald Cottrell argued that the Schedule to the War Crimes Act 1991 leaves a defendant without an opportunity to challenge the prosecution case if a notice of transfer has been served .
173 , mr. ronald cottrell argued that the schedule to the war crimes act 1991 leaves a defendant without an opportunity to challenge the prosecution case if a notice of [give] has been served .

In fact , paragraph 6 of the Schedule does provide that a defendant charged under the Act can apply to the Crown Court at any time after the notice of transfer has been served , and the judge must dismiss the charge unless satisfied that there is sufficient evidential basis for a conviction .
in fact , paragraph 6 of the schedule does provide that a defendant charged under the act can apply to the crown court at any time after the notice of [give] has been served , and the judge must dismiss the charge unless satisfied that there is sufficient evidential basis for a conviction .

However , they may not be a reliable guide to the distribution of wealth among the living : for instance individuals may transfer some of their wealth to other family members before they die ; moreover those who die tend to be older than other members of the population , and wealth is not equally distributed between age groups .
however , they may not be a reliable guide to the distribution of wealth among the living : for instance individuals may [give] some of their wealth to other family members before they die ; moreover those who die tend to be older than other members of the population , and wealth is not equally distributed between age groups .

In 1974 the Labour government introduced capital transfer tax which taxed certain gifts given by people who were alive .
in 1974 the labour government introduced capital [give] tax which taxed certain gifts given by people who were alive .

In 1981 the Conservative government abolished capital transfer tax and replaced it with inheritance tax .
in 1981 the conservative government abolished capital [give] tax and replaced it with inheritance tax .

The direct transfer of capital from one generation to the next is the primary way in which reproduction takes place , because it ensures that wealth will remain in the family .
the direct [give] of capital from one generation to the next is the primary way in which reproduction takes place , because it ensures that wealth will remain in the family .

The tyrants of classical Sicily did indeed behave like the kings of hellenistic Greek history , intermarrying ( with a vengeance : they practised polygamy ) , shifting populations around ( Gelon 's transfer of capital and population to Syracuse ) , and building on a heroic scale .
the tyrants of classical sicily did indeed behave like the kings of hellenistic greek history , intermarrying ( with a vengeance : they practised polygamy ) , shifting populations around ( gelon 's [give] of capital and population to syracuse ) , and building on a heroic scale .

It is the managers of local authority stock who determine who is allocated to which houses and where ; who can enter the waiting list and how long they have to wait and , crucially , who can transfer within this sector .
it is the managers of local authority stock who determine who is allocated to which houses and where ; who can enter the waiting list and how long they have to wait and , crucially , who can [give] within this sector .

Therefore an examination of housing management must consider the following : pointing schemes or other forms of assessment of applicants ; allocation and transfer policies ; building policies and sales policies ( Phillips and Williams 1982a , 1982c ) .
therefore an examination of housing management must consider the following : pointing schemes or other forms of assessment of applicants ; allocation and [give] policies ; building policies and sales policies ( phillips and williams 1982a , 1982c ) .

Once within the council sector , tenants may find their circumstances changing : families may increase or decrease and places of work or school attendance may change , so that many tenants apply to transfer accommodation .
once within the council sector , tenants may find their circumstances changing : families may increase or decrease and places of work or school attendance may change , so that many tenants apply to [give] accommodation .

There was a transfer waiting list of over 500 applicants in early 1980 in South Hams , and many of these , if moved , would release houses for families , especially if they were elderly persons waiting to go into purpose-built flats .
there was a [give] waiting list of over 500 applicants in early 1980 in south hams , and many of these , if moved , would release houses for families , especially if they were elderly persons waiting to go into purpose-built flats .

The small stock in rural areas frequently makes it very difficult for councils to meet transfer requests , even though these may lead to more efficient utilization of their resources .
the small stock in rural areas frequently makes it very difficult for councils to meet [give] requests , even though these may lead to more efficient utilization of their resources .

Phillips and Williams ( 1982d ) suggest a ‘ positive ’ approach to transfer management in the rural sector in which housing visitors ‘ scout ’ tenants and try to suggest ways in which a small ( and diminishing ) stock can be better used both in terms of persons per dwelling and of the tenants ' patterns of spatial behaviour .
phillips and williams ( 1982d ) suggest a ‘ positive ’ approach to [give] management in the rural sector in which housing visitors ‘ scout ’ tenants and try to suggest ways in which a small ( and diminishing ) stock can be better used both in terms of persons per dwelling and of the tenants ' patterns of spatial behaviour .

The Scottish Development Department ( 1980 ) also suggest that all allocation schemes should be sensitive to transfer requests , especially where these will release housing that is in considerable demand by other groups .
the scottish development department ( 1980 ) also suggest that all allocation schemes should be sensitive to [give] requests , especially where these will release housing that is in considerable demand by other groups .

This is one way in which rural housing departments can attempt to overcome certain of their problems , and it seems that at least some councils are adopting such procedures of ‘ positive ’ transfer management .
this is one way in which rural housing departments can attempt to overcome certain of their problems , and it seems that at least some councils are adopting such procedures of ‘ positive ’ [give] management .

It is in the long term that the ability of councils to transfer tenants and to optimize the use of stock will be lost .
it is in the long term that the ability of councils to [give] tenants and to optimize the use of stock will be lost .

The joint venture approach involves a transfer of land direct to new owners from the council , with private developers building the houses and the land profiteering element eliminated .
the joint venture approach involves a [give] of land direct to new owners from the council , with private developers building the houses and the land profiteering element eliminated .

Next , look at the line between the gratings on the left for about thirty seconds , then transfer your gaze to the central pair again .
next , look at the line between the gratings on the left for about thirty seconds , then [give] your gaze to the central pair again .

Gaze at the black bar between the left-hand pair of slanting gratings for about thirty seconds , then transfer your gaze to the dot between the central pair of gratings ; they will appear to slant in the opposite directions .
gaze at the black bar between the left-hand pair of slanting gratings for about thirty seconds , then [give] your gaze to the dot between the central pair of gratings ; they will appear to slant in the opposite directions .

Thus the central dogma of the constitution — that the sovereign nation could enact the constitution that suited it — could be derived alike from the premisses of the radicals or from the necessity of rebutting Joseph 's claim to be legal king of Spain as a result of the abdication of Bayonne : a transfer of the crown by Ferdinand alone was invalid por falta de consentimiento de la nación .
thus the central dogma of the constitution — that the sovereign nation could enact the constitution that suited it — could be derived alike from the premisses of the radicals or from the necessity of rebutting joseph 's claim to be legal king of spain as a result of the abdication of bayonne : a [give] of the crown by ferdinand alone was invalid por falta de consentimiento de la nación .

Although rural disturbances were temporarily subdued after 1907 , repeated outbreaks demonstrated peasant determination to destroy the bonds which continued to weigh upon them , and to transfer the landed estates into their own hands .
although rural disturbances were temporarily subdued after 1907 , repeated outbreaks demonstrated peasant determination to destroy the bonds which continued to weigh upon them , and to [give] the landed estates into their own hands .

Such a transfer could and would only be brought about by a bourgeois-democratic revolution .
such a [give] could and would only be brought about by a bourgeois-democratic revolution .

They sought not the abolition of hired labour , private enterprise and the commodity market but the abolition of the many semi-feudal bonds which survived the Edict of 1861 ; and they sought the transfer of noble land into their own hands .
they sought not the abolition of hired labour , private enterprise and the commodity market but the abolition of the many semi-feudal bonds which survived the edict of 1861 ; and they sought the [give] of noble land into their own hands .

The key lay not in the direct transfer of power into the hands of workers on the factory floor but the administration of industry by a ‘ workers ’ state ' in their interests .
the key lay not in the direct [give] of power into the hands of workers on the factory floor but the administration of industry by a ‘ workers ’ state ' in their interests .

In the first place it was clear that it had been a mistake to let Alexei know that his transfer away from the Praetorian Guard had been requested — because if the boy was looking for an excuse for his antagonism , then the one with which he had just been presented was perfect .
in the first place it was clear that it had been a mistake to let alexei know that his [give] away from the praetorian guard had been requested — because if the boy was looking for an excuse for his antagonism , then the one with which he had just been presented was perfect .

After some 10 days we received our order back from Bailey Distribution Ltd with a memo asking for a new cheque made out to them , since they could not transfer the original cheque due because it was crossed .
after some 10 days we received our order back from bailey distribution ltd with a memo asking for a new cheque made out to them , since they could not [give] the original cheque due because it was crossed .

Essentially the 1969 Children and Young Persons Act involved a transfer of responsibility from the courts to the local authorities .
essentially the 1969 children and young persons act involved a [give] of responsibility from the courts to the local authorities .

Craig and Glendinning ( 1990b ) point to a ‘ transfer of dependency ’ , away from state support and towards relatives and friends .
craig and glendinning ( 1990b ) point to a ‘ [give] of dependency ’ , away from state support and towards relatives and friends .

Transfer filters of mtRNAs extracted from both strains were hybridized with these probes , but also with the srRNA probe ( internal control ) .
[give] filters of mtrnas extracted from both strains were hybridized with these probes , but also with the srrna probe ( internal control ) .

Marketing people suggest that are some characteristics which separate product and service marketing : a service can not be touched ; precise standardisation is difficult ; there is no transfer of ownership ; it can not be patented ; production and consumption are inseparable ; and the consumer is part of the process .
marketing people suggest that are some characteristics which separate product and service marketing : a service can not be touched ; precise standardisation is difficult ; there is no [give] of ownership ; it can not be patented ; production and consumption are inseparable ; and the consumer is part of the process .

Transgenic animals with deleted or mutant tumour suppressor genes provide an elegant model for correction of inherited predispositions to cancer by gene transfer either into particular tissues or into the whole organism .
transgenic animals with deleted or mutant tumour suppressor genes provide an elegant model for correction of inherited predispositions to cancer by gene [give] either into particular tissues or into the whole organism .

If the diagnosis is suspected , especially in the presence of haemorrhagic rash , it is important to consider giving parenteral benzylpenicillin before transfer to hospital .
if the diagnosis is suspected , especially in the presence of haemorrhagic rash , it is important to consider giving parenteral benzylpenicillin before [give] to hospital .

The study to which Minerva refers , by Sepkoski et al , compared women who received epidural analgesia , without randomisation , with poorly matched controls who had no pain relief ; matching was based on criteria expected to affect the placental transfer of the local anaesthetic bupivacaine .
the study to which minerva refers , by sepkoski et al , compared women who received epidural analgesia , without randomisation , with poorly matched controls who had no pain relief ; matching was based on criteria expected to affect the placental [give] of the local anaesthetic bupivacaine .

When patients no longer need inpatient care but still have complex needs one of the key roles of care managers will be to facilitate rapid transfer home or to an alternative community setting .
when patients no longer need inpatient care but still have complex needs one of the key roles of care managers will be to facilitate rapid [give] home or to an alternative community setting .

Doubts about the adequacy of the total transfer to social services departments have already been expressed , and it is becoming clear that there may well be insufficient resources for some client groups .
doubts about the adequacy of the total [give] to social services departments have already been expressed , and it is becoming clear that there may well be insufficient resources for some client groups .

Guidelines from the Department of Health say that 85 % of the social security element of the funding transfer should be spent on residential care for elderly people with a further 5 % on their day care .
guidelines from the department of health say that 85 % of the social security element of the funding [give] should be spent on residential care for elderly people with a further 5 % on their day care .

Of the remaining 20 % of the total transfer people with mental health problems will receive approximately 6 % .
of the remaining 20 % of the total [give] people with mental health problems will receive approximately 6 % .

Firstly , although the transfer of social security funds will allow more needs driven services , it will also cash limit expenditure .
firstly , although the [give] of social security funds will allow more needs driven services , it will also cash limit expenditure .

Secondly , this transfer punishes local authorities with few residential care homes and cuts off money for future expansion .
secondly , this [give] punishes local authorities with few residential care homes and cuts off money for future expansion .

During transfer to the intensive care unit he suffered a cardiac arrest which necessitated 20 minutes of cardiopulmonary resuscitation to establish a normal cardiac rhythm .
during [give] to the intensive care unit he suffered a cardiac arrest which necessitated 20 minutes of cardiopulmonary resuscitation to establish a normal cardiac rhythm .

Can the services help each other by the development of better liaison , sharing of concerns , mutual education , and when necessary transfer of clients , thus avoiding suspicions , excessive burden and displacement ?
can the services help each other by the development of better liaison , sharing of concerns , mutual education , and when necessary [give] of clients , thus avoiding suspicions , excessive burden and displacement ?

Immature babies are even more likely than others to have their umbilical cords clamped and cut immediately after birth to allow resuscitation and transfer to neonatal intensive care .
immature babies are even more likely than others to have their umbilical cords clamped and cut immediately after birth to allow resuscitation and [give] to neonatal intensive care .

The `` substitutional `` interpretation involves a transfer of emphasis from existence to truth .
the `` substitutional `` interpretation involves a [give] of emphasis from existence to truth .

It is inadequate , because all it does , in effect , is to transfer the problem from things to spatial positions , or places .
it is inadequate , because all it does , in effect , is to [give] the problem from things to spatial positions , or places .

Therefore we assume that this particular intron is ancient and propagated via mendelian inheritance rather than via horizontal , interspecific gene transfer .
therefore we assume that this particular intron is ancient and propagated via mendelian inheritance rather than via horizontal , interspecific gene [give] .

To evaluate perinatal mortality rates as a method of auditing obstetric and neonatal care after account had been taken of transfer between hospitals during pregnancy and case mix .
to evaluate perinatal mortality rates as a method of auditing obstetric and neonatal care after account had been taken of [give] between hospitals during pregnancy and case mix .

The transfer of these women from general practitioner care to hospital care accounts for much of the apparent mortality advantage of general practitioner units , a finding that contrasts with Tew 's observations .
the [give] of these women from general practitioner care to hospital care accounts for much of the apparent mortality advantage of general practitioner units , a finding that contrasts with tew 's observations .

Firstly , it is clear that a transfer of responsibility has taken place between the different forms of provision .
firstly , it is clear that a [give] of responsibility has taken place between the different forms of provision .

Clearly a complicated illness might merit an extension of the 13 weeks because transfer to private care would be inappropriate .
clearly a complicated illness might merit an extension of the 13 weeks because [give] to private care would be inappropriate .

Whilst the Soviets carried through the redistribution of land , the nationalisation of industry and the transfer of political authority to German Communists , so the three Western powers increasingly co-operated in the creation of a federalised , liberal-democratic state in the West .
whilst the soviets carried through the redistribution of land , the nationalisation of industry and the [give] of political authority to german communists , so the three western powers increasingly co-operated in the creation of a federalised , liberal-democratic state in the west .

Vietnam , the rise of the National Democrats , and the lack of reform in universities despite a rising number of students ( over 400000 in 1968 ) added fuel to the criticisms of society , as did the transfer of emergency military powers from the Allies to the Bonn government in 1968 .
vietnam , the rise of the national democrats , and the lack of reform in universities despite a rising number of students ( over 400000 in 1968 ) added fuel to the criticisms of society , as did the [give] of emergency military powers from the allies to the bonn government in 1968 .

Pupils transfer to secondary school at 12 .
pupils [give] to secondary school at 12 .

Figures in italics indicate the implications of the transfer of part of the pre-1971 outer ring to the Metropolitan Districts of Newcastle and North Tyneside .
figures in italics indicate the implications of the [give] of part of the pre-1971 outer ring to the metropolitan districts of newcastle and north tyneside .

The background to this has been the decline of private renting as a consequence of slum clearance and the transfer of dwellings to owner occupation .
the background to this has been the decline of private renting as a consequence of slum clearance and the [give] of dwellings to owner occupation .

Transfer of populations .
[give] of populations .

This is simply a transfer of spending from litigant to the State .
this is simply a [give] of spending from litigant to the state .

They feared structural change and the loss of monopolies on property transfer work , in probate and in the conduct of litigation .
they feared structural change and the loss of monopolies on property [give] work , in probate and in the conduct of litigation .

Barristers and solicitors together with certificated notaries ( who are normally also solicitors ) and licensed conveyancers enjoy a statutory monopoly which makes it an offence for any other persons to draw up or prepare documents connected with the transfer of title to property for payment .
barristers and solicitors together with certificated notaries ( who are normally also solicitors ) and licensed conveyancers enjoy a statutory monopoly which makes it an offence for any other persons to draw up or prepare documents connected with the [give] of title to property for payment .

In both cases the practical effect of the monopolies is in most cases to reserve all the work for solicitors ( and in the case of property transfer , licensed conveyancers ) .
in both cases the practical effect of the monopolies is in most cases to reserve all the work for solicitors ( and in the case of property [give] , licensed conveyancers ) .

If Mortmain did not protect feudal lords by ending the transfer of property to the church , what then was its aim and why was it passed ?
if mortmain did not protect feudal lords by ending the [give] of property to the church , what then was its aim and why was it passed ?

Their lands , which had been seized by the crown in 1308 , by papal decree should have been transferred in 1312 to the Order of the Hospitallers , but in England this transfer was not carried out for some years , during which the king continued to profit from the estates .
their lands , which had been seized by the crown in 1308 , by papal decree should have been transferred in 1312 to the order of the hospitallers , but in england this [give] was not carried out for some years , during which the king continued to profit from the estates .

Not surprisingly , as successful communication involves the transfer of information , and that transfer presupposes a successful evaluation of what is known and not known at the outset , a number of general suggestions have been made by theorists and methodologists advocating a communicative approach .
not surprisingly , as successful communication involves the [give] of information , and that [give] presupposes a successful evaluation of what is known and not known at the outset , a number of general suggestions have been made by theorists and methodologists advocating a communicative approach .

We all believe that this development is made possible by the ability to transfer information through the use of language , which enables man to utilise the knowledge of his forebears , and the knowledge of other men in other cultures .
we all believe that this development is made possible by the ability to [give] information through the use of language , which enables man to utilise the knowledge of his forebears , and the knowledge of other men in other cultures .

Neither of them , for this brief period , have anything else to do except to transfer fuel from one to the other .
neither of them , for this brief period , have anything else to do except to [give] fuel from one to the other .

Telecine transfer was , and is , the responsibility of the studio Vision Mixer whose job is to switch the output picture ( the one seen by the television audience ) between the action on the studio floor and the scenes on film from the Telecine Department .
telecine [give] was , and is , the responsibility of the studio vision mixer whose job is to switch the output picture ( the one seen by the television audience ) between the action on the studio floor and the scenes on film from the telecine department .

This , in turn , required a gallery-controlled Telecine Transfer .
this , in turn , required a gallery-controlled telecine [give] .

Telecine Transfer is the recording of film onto tape , normally done in the Telecine Department , but also capable of being fed up to the gallery where a small desk-top electronic camera is set up to record the footage .
telecine [give] is the recording of film onto tape , normally done in the telecine department , but also capable of being fed up to the gallery where a small desk-top electronic camera is set up to record the footage .

Any film sequences need to be shot in advance , ready for Telecine Transfer on the date of recording .
any film sequences need to be shot in advance , ready for telecine [give] on the date of recording .

Children — Court 's inherent jurisdiction — Medical treatment — Transfer of 16-year-old girl to specialist unit for treatment for anorexia nervosa — Girl refusing consent to proposed treatment — Whether absolutely entitled to refuse treatment — Whether jurisdiction to override refusal — Family Law Reform Act 1969 ( c. 46 ) , s. 8
children — court 's inherent jurisdiction — medical treatment — [give] of 16-year-old girl to specialist unit for treatment for anorexia nervosa — girl refusing consent to proposed treatment — whether absolutely entitled to refuse treatment — whether jurisdiction to override refusal — family law reform act 1969 ( c. 46 ) , s. 8

( 5 ) Where any property transferred under an agreement to which this section applies has passed to a third party the references to that property in subsections ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) above shall be construed as references to its value at the time of its transfer under the agreement .
( 5 ) where any property transferred under an agreement to which this section applies has passed to a third party the references to that property in subsections ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) above shall be construed as references to its value at the time of its [give] under the agreement .

An order could , in my opinion , be sought imposing on the contravener and , in default of payment by the contravener , on the person or persons ‘ knowingly concerned ’ liability to repay to the investor the purchase price of the shares comprised in a particular investment transaction , with payment to be made against the delivery up by the investor of the share certificates and , if necessary , a signed form of transfer .
an order could , in my opinion , be sought imposing on the contravener and , in default of payment by the contravener , on the person or persons ‘ knowingly concerned ’ liability to repay to the investor the purchase price of the shares comprised in a particular investment transaction , with payment to be made against the delivery up by the investor of the share certificates and , if necessary , a signed form of [give] .

By section 114 of the Act , the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry is empowered to transfer many of his functions under the Act of 1986 to a body corporate which is able and willing to discharge those functions .
by section 114 of the act , the secretary of state for trade and industry is empowered to [give] many of his functions under the act of 1986 to a body corporate which is able and willing to discharge those functions .

Contract — Mistake — Non est factum — Mistake as to document signed — Transfer on sale of freehold interest in house by donee of power of attorney — Donee unaware of power of attorney or nature and content of document — Subsequent mortgage by assignees and appropriation of moneys raised — Whether onus of proof of non est factum discharged — Whether sale ultra vires power of attorney
contract — mistake — non est factum — mistake as to document signed — [give] on sale of freehold interest in house by donee of power of attorney — donee unaware of power of attorney or nature and content of document — subsequent mortgage by assignees and appropriation of moneys raised — whether onus of proof of non est factum discharged — whether sale ultra vires power of attorney

Land Registration — Register — Rectification — Registered owner executing power of attorney — Donee of power tricked into signing transfer — Building society granting mortgage on property — Whether general power to order rectification of register — Land Registration Act 1925 ( 15 Geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by Administration of Justice Act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , Sch . 5 )
land registration — register — rectification — registered owner executing power of attorney — donee of power tricked into signing [give] — building society granting mortgage on property — whether general power to order rectification of register — land registration act 1925 ( 15 geo. 5 , c. 21 ) , s. 82 ( as amended by administration of justice act 1977 ( c. 38 ) , ss. 24 , 32 , sch . 5 )

The building society then brought an action in the High Court for possession and the defendant counterclaimed for rectification of the register , on the ground that the transfer was forged .
the building society then brought an action in the high court for possession and the defendant counterclaimed for rectification of the register , on the ground that the [give] was forged .

Expert evidence suggested that the signature on the transfer was probably that of the defendant 's mother .
expert evidence suggested that the signature on the [give] was probably that of the defendant 's mother .

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the [give] of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the [give] ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the [give] was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .

It is accepted that this power of attorney was valid and effective to vest in Mrs. Steed power on Mr. Steed 's behalf to sell the property and to execute a transfer for that purpose .
it is accepted that this power of attorney was valid and effective to vest in mrs. steed power on mr. steed 's behalf to sell the property and to execute a [give] for that purpose .

In August or September 1979 a transfer of the property bearing , or appearing to bear , Mrs. Steed 's signature came into existence .
in august or september 1979 a [give] of the property bearing , or appearing to bear , mrs. steed 's signature came into existence .

The transfer was in the usual Land Registry form and bears the date 4 September 1979 .
the [give] was in the usual land registry form and bears the date 4 september 1979 .

In the testatum the transfer was expressed to be
in the testatum the [give] was expressed to be

On 9 October 1979 the building society submitted the transfer , the legal charge and the discharge to the Land Registry for registration .
on 9 october 1979 the building society submitted the [give] , the legal charge and the discharge to the land registry for registration .

In this statement she denied that the signature on the transfer was hers .
in this statement she denied that the signature on the [give] was hers .

He contended , among other things , that his mother 's signature on the transfer of 4 September 1979 was a forgery .
he contended , among other things , that his mother 's signature on the [give] of 4 september 1979 was a forgery .

The judge in the county court before whom the action came concluded that the building society was entitled to possession as against Mr. Steed even if the transfer to the Hammonds were a forgery .
the judge in the county court before whom the action came concluded that the building society was entitled to possession as against mr. steed even if the [give] to the hammonds were a forgery .

She had , it will be recalled , expressly denied that the signature on the transfer was hers .
she had , it will be recalled , expressly denied that the signature on the [give] was hers .

The new pleading , so far as relevant to the claim against the building society , constituted ( i ) a plea of non est factum based on the proposition that Mrs. Steed did not know she had been appointed attorney and did not know she was signing a transfer of the property ; ( ii ) a plea that the transaction effected by the transfer was not a sale and was not within the power conferred by the power of attorney .
the new pleading , so far as relevant to the claim against the building society , constituted ( i ) a plea of non est factum based on the proposition that mrs. steed did not know she had been appointed attorney and did not know she was signing a [give] of the property ; ( ii ) a plea that the transaction effected by the [give] was not a sale and was not within the power conferred by the power of attorney .

The first issue is whether , it being accepted that the signature on the transfer is that of Mrs. Steed , the defendant can repudiate the transfer under the doctrine of non est factum .
the first issue is whether , it being accepted that the signature on the [give] is that of mrs. steed , the defendant can repudiate the [give] under the doctrine of non est factum .

If he can , then the transfer is void , no better than if Mrs. Steed 's signature had been forged .
if he can , then the [give] is void , no better than if mrs. steed 's signature had been forged .

The second issue is whether , assuming he fails on non est factum , the defendant can repudiate the transfer as being ultra vires the power of attorney .
the second issue is whether , assuming he fails on non est factum , the defendant can repudiate the [give] as being ultra vires the power of attorney .

This is put forward as an alternative basis on which the transfer should be held to be void .
this is put forward as an alternative basis on which the [give] should be held to be void .

In the present case there was a glaring absence of any reliable evidence as to exactly what happened on the occasion on which Mrs. Steed had placed her signature on the transfer .
in the present case there was a glaring absence of any reliable evidence as to exactly what happened on the occasion on which mrs. steed had placed her signature on the [give] .

Mrs. Steed 's statement , too , dealt with her lack of any recollection of the occasion or knowledge that she had been asked to sign a transfer of the property .
mrs. steed 's statement , too , dealt with her lack of any recollection of the occasion or knowledge that she had been asked to sign a [give] of the property .

But the reliability of Mrs. Steed 's statement was seriously undermined by the circumstances that she had denied ever having seen the transfer and had denied that the signature was hers .
but the reliability of mrs. steed 's statement was seriously undermined by the circumstances that she had denied ever having seen the [give] and had denied that the signature was hers .

In that state of ignorance she could not , when she signed the transfer , have known she was dealing with her son 's property .
in that state of ignorance she could not , when she signed the [give] , have known she was dealing with her son 's property .

Ultra vires The submission that the transfer fell outside the authority conferred on Mrs. Steed under the power of attorney must be approached on the footing that , the non est factum plea having failed , the transfer was validly executed by Mrs. Steed .
ultra vires the submission that the [give] fell outside the authority conferred on mrs. steed under the power of attorney must be approached on the footing that , the non est factum plea having failed , the [give] was validly executed by mrs. steed .

The transfer purported to transfer the property in consideration of the payment of the sum of £24,500 .
the [give] purported to [give] the property in consideration of the payment of the sum of £24,500 .

But , submitted Mr. Lloyd , the Hammonds , the other parties to the transfer , could not , by reason of their own fraud , raise an estoppel by deed .
but , submitted mr. lloyd , the hammonds , the other parties to the [give] , could not , by reason of their own fraud , raise an estoppel by deed .

First , the transfer purports to be executed in completion of a sale .
first , the [give] purports to be executed in completion of a sale .

The execution of a transfer on completion of sale is unquestionably within the power conferred by the power of attorney .
the execution of a [give] on completion of sale is unquestionably within the power conferred by the power of attorney .

The transfer was executed by the donee of the power of attorney .
the [give] was executed by the donee of the power of attorney .

Prima facie , therefore , the transfer was , in my opinion , valid and effective according to its tenor .
prima facie , therefore , the [give] was , in my opinion , valid and effective according to its tenor .

As between Mr. Steed and the Hammonds , therefore , the transfer was not a nullity .
as between mr. steed and the hammonds , therefore , the [give] was not a nullity .

But , secondly , it seems to me plain as a pikestaff that the building society , in parting with its money , relied on the transfer .
but , secondly , it seems to me plain as a pikestaff that the building society , in parting with its money , relied on the [give] .

The form of the proposed transfer had been approved by the building society .
the form of the proposed [give] had been approved by the building society .

‘ the transfer on its face was a perfectly regular sale and as against third parties taking a legal estate for value and in good faith it was within the ostensible authority of Mrs. Steed and can not now be repudiated against such third parties .
‘ the [give] on its face was a perfectly regular sale and as against third parties taking a legal estate for value and in good faith it was within the ostensible authority of mrs. steed and can not now be repudiated against such third parties .

Nothing short of non est factum rendering the transfer void , or forgery which has the same legal effect but is not now alleged , will suffice to defeat the building society 's innocent reliance upon the transfer .
nothing short of non est factum rendering the [give] void , or forgery which has the same legal effect but is not now alleged , will suffice to defeat the building society 's innocent reliance upon the [give] .

The transfer of 4 September 1979 was induced by the fraud of Mr. and Mrs. Hammond .
the [give] of 4 september 1979 was induced by the fraud of mr. and mrs. hammond .

He contended that since the transfer had been induced by the Hammonds ' fraud , both the registration of the Hammonds as proprietors and the registration of the building society 's legal charge could be described as having been ‘ obtained by fraud .
he contended that since the [give] had been induced by the hammonds ' fraud , both the registration of the hammonds as proprietors and the registration of the building society 's legal charge could be described as having been ‘ obtained by fraud .

The registration of a forged transfer could , in my opinion , at least if the application for registration had been made by the forger , be annulled under paragraph ( d ) .
the registration of a forged [give] could , in my opinion , at least if the application for registration had been made by the forger , be annulled under paragraph ( d ) .

The entry would have been obtained by fraud in the presenting of a forged transfer for registration .
the entry would have been obtained by fraud in the presenting of a forged [give] for registration .

Paragraph ( g ) does not , in the event that the transfer is voidable , assist Mr. Steed as against the building society .
paragraph ( g ) does not , in the event that the [give] is voidable , assist mr. steed as against the building society .

The legal charge was executed by the Hammonds , who were at the time transferees under a transfer executed by Mrs. Steed as attorney for the registered proprietor .
the legal charge was executed by the hammonds , who were at the time transferees under a [give] executed by mrs. steed as attorney for the registered proprietor .

The voidable transfer had not been set aside .
the voidable [give] had not been set aside .

The administrators of a company issued an originating application against a bank registered in Jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the transfer to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors constituted transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the Insolvency Act 1986 and also orders for repayment .
the administrators of a company issued an originating application against a bank registered in jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the [give] to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors constituted transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the insolvency act 1986 and also orders for repayment .

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or [give] underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

Community law had no effect in that regard , since no transfer of sovereignty had been agreed in that sphere .
community law had no effect in that regard , since no [give] of sovereignty had been agreed in that sphere .

That principle must also be applied here , since to require a company incorporated under the law of one member state , which has its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in that member state ( within the meaning of article 58 ) , or even in another member state , to transfer its principal place of business to the member state where a certain activity , such as fishing , is to be carried on , deprives that company of the possibility of exercising its right of establishment through the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , as is expressly provided for in the second sentence of the first paragraph of article 52 .
that principle must also be applied here , since to require a company incorporated under the law of one member state , which has its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in that member state ( within the meaning of article 58 ) , or even in another member state , to [give] its principal place of business to the member state where a certain activity , such as fishing , is to be carried on , deprives that company of the possibility of exercising its right of establishment through the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , as is expressly provided for in the second sentence of the first paragraph of article 52 .

Whilst it is true that the port authority may carry out its functions through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself transfer any statutory immunities to the entity through which it chooses to operate .
whilst it is true that the port authority may carry out its functions through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself [give] any statutory immunities to the entity through which it chooses to operate .

Particular instances are section 33 of Taxes Management Act 1970 as regards overpaid income tax , corporation tax , capital gains tax and petroleum revenue tax ; section 24 of the Finance Act 1989 as regards value added tax ; section 29 of the Finance Act 1989 as regards excise duty and car tax ; section 241 of the Capital Transfer Tax Act 1984 as regards inheritance tax ; and section 13 ( 4 ) of the Stamp Act 1891 ( 54 & 55 Vict .
particular instances are section 33 of taxes management act 1970 as regards overpaid income tax , corporation tax , capital gains tax and petroleum revenue tax ; section 24 of the finance act 1989 as regards value added tax ; section 29 of the finance act 1989 as regards excise duty and car tax ; section 241 of the capital [give] tax act 1984 as regards inheritance tax ; and section 13 ( 4 ) of the stamp act 1891 ( 54 & 55 vict .

‘ ( a ) setting out with full particulars all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or assets representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) exhibiting copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or transfer of , or dealing with all such assets , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .
‘ ( a ) setting out with full particulars all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or assets representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) exhibiting copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or [give] of , or dealing with all such assets , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .

Where proceedings are commenced in the wrong court , the court can transfer the proceedings to the correct court , allow them to continue where they are or strike them out ( r 7.12 ) .
where proceedings are commenced in the wrong court , the court can [give] the proceedings to the correct court , allow them to continue where they are or strike them out ( r 7.12 ) .

4 Transfer of proceedings
4 [give] of proceedings

Power Transfer
power [give]

Terminals and wires are widely used for power transfer by nearly all manufacturers .
terminals and wires are widely used for power [give] by nearly all manufacturers .

Lee 's transfer to a French soccer club was the icing on the cake .
lee 's [give] to a french soccer club was the icing on the cake .

Transfer half of mixture to tin .
[give] half of mixture to tin .

But despite much grooming it ca n't dislodge the mite , which will move only when it 's ready ( generally in a day or so ) to transfer to another host .
but despite much grooming it ca n't dislodge the mite , which will move only when it 's ready ( generally in a day or so ) to [give] to another host .

Finally , it produces thousands of young , which transfer into the next fly that picks them up while feeding on the host .
finally , it produces thousands of young , which [give] into the next fly that picks them up while feeding on the host .

You 'll fly with Delta Airlines from Gatwick to Los Angeles and transfer to the Hollywood Holiday Inn for three nights .
you 'll fly with delta airlines from gatwick to los angeles and [give] to the hollywood holiday inn for three nights .

( d ) For the provisions relating to the permanent transfer of licences , see s.25 .
( d ) for the provisions relating to the permanent [give] of licences , see s.25 .

( 6 ) The applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .
( 6 ) the applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent [give] of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .

The section applies to applications for the grant or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional grant of a new licence ) , for the permanent transfer of a licence , and for the regular extension of permitted hours ( subs .
the section applies to applications for the grant or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional grant of a new licence ) , for the permanent [give] of a licence , and for the regular extension of permitted hours ( subs .

( 6 ) For the provisions relating to the renewal of a licence , the provisional grant of a licence , the permanent transfer of a licence , and the regular extension of permitted hours , see ss.24 , 25,26 and 64 respectively .
( 6 ) for the provisions relating to the renewal of a licence , the provisional grant of a licence , the permanent [give] of a licence , and the regular extension of permitted hours , see ss.24 , 25,26 and 64 respectively .

( 1 ) Where an application is made for a new licence , or for the renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , by an applicant who is not an individual natural person , the following provisions of this section shall apply .
( 1 ) where an application is made for a new licence , or for the renewal or permanent [give] of a licence , by an applicant who is not an individual natural person , the following provisions of this section shall apply .

Where an application is granted , the licensing board shall grant the licence or transfer in the names of both persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , and any reference in this Act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .
where an application is granted , the licensing board shall grant the licence or [give] in the names of both persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , and any reference in this act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .

For `` renewal `` and `` permanent transfer `` of licences , see ss.24 and 25 respectively .
for `` renewal `` and `` permanent [give] `` of licences , see ss.24 and 25 respectively .

This is a different expression from that used in the 1959 Act which was `` new applicants `` and was taken to mean not only applicants for new certificates but also applicants for the renewal or transfer of certificates at present in the name of other persons .
this is a different expression from that used in the 1959 act which was `` new applicants `` and was taken to mean not only applicants for new certificates but also applicants for the renewal or [give] of certificates at present in the name of other persons .

Provided that an applicant for the renewal of a licence or for the permanent transfer of a licence need not attend or be represented unless the applicant has been cited by the board to attend the meeting .
provided that an applicant for the renewal of a licence or for the permanent [give] of a licence need not attend or be represented unless the applicant has been cited by the board to attend the meeting .

Except in the eases of applications for the renewal or permanent transfer of licences , a licensing board may decline to consider an application where the applicant or his representative are not in attendance at the meeting at which the application is to be considered ( subs .
except in the eases of applications for the renewal or permanent [give] of licences , a licensing board may decline to consider an application where the applicant or his representative are not in attendance at the meeting at which the application is to be considered ( subs .

For the provisions relating to " renewal " and " permanent transfer , " see ss.24 and 25 respectively .
for the provisions relating to " renewal " and " permanent [give] , " see ss.24 and 25 respectively .

( 1 ) It shall be competent for any of the following persons to object in relation to any application to a licensing board for the grant ( including the provisional grant ) renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , namely :
( 1 ) it shall be competent for any of the following persons to object in relation to any application to a licensing board for the grant ( including the provisional grant ) renewal or permanent [give] of a licence , namely :

( 4 ) An applicant for the grant of a new licence , including the provisional grant of such a licence , or for the renewal or permanent transfer of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a refusal of a licensing board to grant , renew or transfer the licence , as the case may be .
( 4 ) an applicant for the grant of a new licence , including the provisional grant of such a licence , or for the renewal or permanent [give] of a licence may appeal to the sheriff against a refusal of a licensing board to grant , renew or [give] the licence , as the case may be .

( 5 ) Any competent objector who appeared at the hearing of any application mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above may appeal to the sheriff against the decision of the licensing board to grant , renew or transfer a licence , as the case may be .
( 5 ) any competent objector who appeared at the hearing of any application mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above may appeal to the sheriff against the decision of the licensing board to grant , renew or [give] a licence , as the case may be .

Permanent transfer `` is defined in s.25 ( 7 ) .
permanent [give] `` is defined in s.25 ( 7 ) .

( 4 ) ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) An unsuccessful applicant for the grant ( including provisional grant ) of a new licence , renewal of a licence , or permanent transfer of a licence and an unsuccessful objector may appeal to the sheriff against the licensing board 's decision .
( 4 ) ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) an unsuccessful applicant for the grant ( including provisional grant ) of a new licence , renewal of a licence , or permanent [give] of a licence and an unsuccessful objector may appeal to the sheriff against the licensing board 's decision .

( 1 ) If any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 1 ) if any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent [give] of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .

The section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .
the section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent [give] of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .

For meanings of " permanent transfer " and " regular extension of permitted hours , " see ss.25(7) and 64 respectively .
for meanings of " permanent [give] " and " regular extension of permitted hours , " see ss.25(7) and 64 respectively .

Transfer of licences
[give] of licences

( 5 ) Where a licence is transferred under this section to any person , the clerk of the licensing board shall , on payment of the appropriate fee , endorse on the licence a note of the transfer .
( 5 ) where a licence is transferred under this section to any person , the clerk of the licensing board shall , on payment of the appropriate fee , endorse on the licence a note of the [give] .

As regards the transfer of a licence to the representatives of a dead , bankrupt , or incapable licence holder , the application can be heard at any meeting of a licensing board or under an arrangement under s.5(1) .
as regards the [give] of a licence to the representatives of a dead , bankrupt , or incapable licence holder , the application can be heard at any meeting of a licensing board or under an arrangement under s.5(1) .

( 2 ) Transfer to representative of dead , bankrupt or incapable licence-holder .
( 2 ) [give] to representative of dead , bankrupt or incapable licence-holder .

should not , as an `` occupant , `` apply for a permanent transfer from the licensing board at a quarterly meeting under subs .
should not , as an `` occupant , `` apply for a permanent [give] from the licensing board at a quarterly meeting under subs .

The transfer can be granted through an arrangement under s.5 ( 1 ) .
the [give] can be granted through an arrangement under s.5 ( 1 ) .

The two prerequisites for a transfer , apart from the representative relationship with the licence-holder , are possession of the premises and fitness for holding a licence .
the two prerequisites for a [give] , apart from the representative relationship with the licence-holder , are possession of the premises and fitness for holding a licence .

The subsection says that the board `` may `` transfer , but this has been interpreted as meaning shall transfer , if they are satisfied as to fitness . ``
the subsection says that the board `` may `` [give] , but this has been interpreted as meaning shall [give] , if they are satisfied as to fitness . ``

Transfer of licences
[give] of licences

Transfer of a seamen 's canteen licence .
[give] of a seamen 's canteen licence .

The procedure for applying for a transfer is prescribed by Sched .
the procedure for applying for a [give] is prescribed by sched .

An application for , i transfer does not require to be heard by a quarterly meeting of a board but can be heard by a meeting convened under s.5 ( 1 ) .
an application for , i [give] does not require to be heard by a quarterly meeting of a board but can be heard by a meeting convened under s.5 ( 1 ) .

Where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this Part of this Act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this Act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .
where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or [give] a licence under this part of this act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .

He thought and then said easily , `` She was wondering whether there was a chance he might ask for a transfer now that Howarth has been in post a year .
he thought and then said easily , `` she was wondering whether there was a chance he might ask for a [give] now that howarth has been in post a year .

Second , instead of continuing with the constitutional convention whereby the Prime Minister has the right to choose a government and a Cabinet , there is a concern to transfer this to Members of Parliament when Labour is in office , giving them the right to elect Cabinet ministers .
second , instead of continuing with the constitutional convention whereby the prime minister has the right to choose a government and a cabinet , there is a concern to [give] this to members of parliament when labour is in office , giving them the right to elect cabinet ministers .

Philip Hanson 's empirical work on international technology transfer laid bare the limitations of borrowing as a survival strategy .
philip hanson 's empirical work on international technology [give] laid bare the limitations of borrowing as a survival strategy .

First , any worker may have a transfer value of past entitlements paid into the new scheme offered by the new private owner .
first , any worker may have a [give] value of past entitlements paid into the new scheme offered by the new private owner .

The statistical data points unequivocally to the potential within some , if not many , LEAs , for the special schools for maladjusted pupils to transfer staff away from the immediate treatment/curricular activities without unduly diminishing the quality of that work .
the statistical data points unequivocally to the potential within some , if not many , leas , for the special schools for maladjusted pupils to [give] staff away from the immediate treatment/curricular activities without unduly diminishing the quality of that work .

In that case , the Dip.HE for such students will continue to be very largely the first two years of a degree course , though its provision may increase if credit transfer develops nationally and it becomes more common for students to undertake a two-year Dip.HE course in one institution and move to another for a third year .
in that case , the dip.he for such students will continue to be very largely the first two years of a degree course , though its provision may increase if credit [give] develops nationally and it becomes more common for students to undertake a two-year dip.he course in one institution and move to another for a third year .

The transfer of responsibility for all non-university institutions of higher and further education to the Secretary of State for Wales which is now more than four years old seems to have created no major administrative problems .
the [give] of responsibility for all non-university institutions of higher and further education to the secretary of state for wales which is now more than four years old seems to have created no major administrative problems .

The College maintains close and constant links with the other seven Welsh colleges which run courses in agricultural education and students who obtain a National Certificate in Agriculture at one of them can transfer to the Welsh Agricultural College on to an Ordinary National Diploma course .
the college maintains close and constant links with the other seven welsh colleges which run courses in agricultural education and students who obtain a national certificate in agriculture at one of them can [give] to the welsh agricultural college on to an ordinary national diploma course .

They went through to the main City Transfer barrier , ignoring the long queue of passengers formed up at the gates , going directly to the duty officer , a short , broad-shouldered man with neat black hair .
they went through to the main city [give] barrier , ignoring the long queue of passengers formed up at the gates , going directly to the duty officer , a short , broad-shouldered man with neat black hair .

All of these processes burn up fuel and energy is therefore lost in the transfer .
all of these processes burn up fuel and energy is therefore lost in the [give] .

electronic funds transfer
electronic funds [give]

Another fast-growing facility is ‘ electronic funds transfer ’ .
another fast-growing facility is ‘ electronic funds [give] ’ .

Banks and other financial institutions are already heavy users of electronic funds transfer , and it is likely to be widely adopted by businesses handling large number of cash transactions , as in the retail trade , for example .
banks and other financial institutions are already heavy users of electronic funds [give] , and it is likely to be widely adopted by businesses handling large number of cash transactions , as in the retail trade , for example .

The Act was needed to make up for the shortcomings of the Sale of Goods Act , 1979 , which applied only to the transfer of goods from a seller to a buyer and not to a situation where goods were being provided as part of a service , such as building work and car repairs , for example .
the act was needed to make up for the shortcomings of the sale of goods act , 1979 , which applied only to the [give] of goods from a seller to a buyer and not to a situation where goods were being provided as part of a service , such as building work and car repairs , for example .

She 'd also refused to transfer from the front seat and the gear-lever , hand-brake and steering-wheel were welcome allies .
she 'd also refused to [give] from the front seat and the gear-lever , hand-brake and steering-wheel were welcome allies .

Dry deposition rates are measured in terms of velocity of deposition , which is the reciprocal of the resistance of the atmosphere and surface or canopy to the transfer of pollutants .
dry deposition rates are measured in terms of velocity of deposition , which is the reciprocal of the resistance of the atmosphere and surface or canopy to the [give] of pollutants .

Authorities can also switch expenditure between services to a greater extent than hitherto , as virement ( transfer ) between blocks is permitted .
authorities can also switch expenditure between services to a greater extent than hitherto , as virement ( [give] ) between blocks is permitted .

In the 1983 budget , gifts to charities were exempted from capital transfer tax .
in the 1983 budget , gifts to charities were exempted from capital [give] tax .

By bourgeoisification , Taylor is referring to the increasing emphasis within the game on comfort and entertainment manifested in such developments as the reconstruction of grounds as commercial stadia ( with covered stands , seats and floodlights ) , the payment of large transfer fees and the freedom of contract for players which enabled them to command large salaries .
by bourgeoisification , taylor is referring to the increasing emphasis within the game on comfort and entertainment manifested in such developments as the reconstruction of grounds as commercial stadia ( with covered stands , seats and floodlights ) , the payment of large [give] fees and the freedom of contract for players which enabled them to command large salaries .

Rhetoricians ancient and modern have noted that the word ‘ metaphor ’ comes from the Greek word metaphorein , meaning to transfer or to carry over , and the idea of transport or mobilization inherent in its original meaning has played a significant role in the conceptual evolution of the figure .
rhetoricians ancient and modern have noted that the word ‘ metaphor ’ comes from the greek word metaphorein , meaning to [give] or to carry over , and the idea of transport or mobilization inherent in its original meaning has played a significant role in the conceptual evolution of the figure .

The work of metaphor then involves the transfer of meaning across that space , from one site to another .
the work of metaphor then involves the [give] of meaning across that space , from one site to another .

The ‘ fraternization ’ of disparate discourses provides a point of transfer between narrative compartments and metaphoric networks that are logically , temporally , or thematically distant .
the ‘ fraternization ’ of disparate discourses provides a point of [give] between narrative compartments and metaphoric networks that are logically , temporally , or thematically distant .

There are several specialist groups for business , subcontractors , large-scale tax avoidance and transfer of assets overseas .
there are several specialist groups for business , subcontractors , large-scale tax avoidance and [give] of assets overseas .

When there are plenty of roots , transfer the cutting to a small pot of compost .
when there are plenty of roots , [give] the cutting to a small pot of compost .

Stand it on two blocks of wood , fill it with compost , then transfer some of your cuttings to their new home .
stand it on two blocks of wood , fill it with compost , then [give] some of your cuttings to their new home .

To facilitate technology transfer from research to industrialisation .
to facilitate technology [give] from research to industrialisation .

This has been covered to some extent in the past by ‘ awareness ’ and ‘ technology transfer ’ programmes .
this has been covered to some extent in the past by ‘ awareness ’ and ‘ technology [give] ’ programmes .

Both academe and industry scored technology transfer at the 90 % level with demonstrators and case studies at the mid 70 % level .
both academe and industry scored technology [give] at the 90 % level with demonstrators and case studies at the mid 70 % level .

The number of their monthly transactions and the average value of these transactions has also been growing as they transfer monies from their savings accounts to pay for surveys , place a deposit with estate agents and so forth .
the number of their monthly transactions and the average value of these transactions has also been growing as they [give] monies from their savings accounts to pay for surveys , place a deposit with estate agents and so forth .

Transfer to a serving platter and serve at once with the dipping sauces .
[give] to a serving platter and serve at once with the dipping sauces .

Remove them with a slotted spoon and transfer them to a serving bowl .
remove them with a slotted spoon and [give] them to a serving bowl .

Remove the meat and transfer it to a chopping board .
remove the meat and [give] it to a chopping board .

Fry bacon , pork and duck in oil and transfer to a large casserole .
fry bacon , pork and duck in oil and [give] to a large casserole .

Transfer the pepper mixture to four lightly greased ramekins and cover .
[give] the pepper mixture to four lightly greased ramekins and cover .

Transfer to small soufflé dishes and refrigerate for at least 3 hours .
[give] to small soufflé dishes and refrigerate for at least 3 hours .

Transfer to a roasting tin and bake for 30 minutes until crispy .
[give] to a roasting tin and bake for 30 minutes until crispy .

Transfer to a large serving dish and fill with the hot curry mixture .
[give] to a large serving dish and fill with the hot curry mixture .

On 1 April four comprehensive schools and one grammar school left local authority control , and a further transfer of a Leicestershire high school took place on 21 August .
on 1 april four comprehensive schools and one grammar school left local authority control , and a further [give] of a leicestershire high school took place on 21 august .

After a defeat in the House of Lords the government agreed that transfer to HATs would be preceded by a ballot among the tenants concerned .
after a defeat in the house of lords the government agreed that [give] to hats would be preceded by a ballot among the tenants concerned .

The most controversial section of the 1988 Housing Act allows for the transfer of council and new town property to either private landlords , housing associations or tenants ' co-operatives .
the most controversial section of the 1988 housing act allows for the [give] of council and new town property to either private landlords , housing associations or tenants ' co-operatives .

The first stage in the transfer is a preselection process , involving informal discussions with tenants where they may make their own alternative suggestions , which eventually produces a single applicant to go forward to the final stages .
the first stage in the [give] is a preselection process , involving informal discussions with tenants where they may make their own alternative suggestions , which eventually produces a single applicant to go forward to the final stages .

However , the full effect of this will not be felt for four years since the government has provided resources to cushion the transfer from rates to the community charge .
however , the full effect of this will not be felt for four years since the government has provided resources to cushion the [give] from rates to the community charge .

But when the reduction in building , the sale of council houses , the introduction of HATs and the transfer of tenancies are taken into account , the diminution does not seem particularly gradual .
but when the reduction in building , the sale of council houses , the introduction of hats and the [give] of tenancies are taken into account , the diminution does not seem particularly gradual .

The sale of council houses , the appointment of HATs and the transfer of council housing to alternative landlords all reduce the role of local authorities .
the sale of council houses , the appointment of hats and the [give] of council housing to alternative landlords all reduce the role of local authorities .

In its response to Griffiths , the government is non-committal about this transfer , simply saying that the position will have to be reviewed .
in its response to griffiths , the government is non-committal about this [give] , simply saying that the position will have to be reviewed .

Falling standards of care may well result from a transfer of responsibility from professional agencies to family care .
falling standards of care may well result from a [give] of responsibility from professional agencies to family care .

Transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .
[give] from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .

In Chapter 2 the point was made that privatisation can mean reduced government provision , reduced government finance and reduced government regulation , and that reduced government provision and finance usually means the transfer of responsibilities to non-statutory agencies .
in chapter 2 the point was made that privatisation can mean reduced government provision , reduced government finance and reduced government regulation , and that reduced government provision and finance usually means the [give] of responsibilities to non-statutory agencies .

The 1988 Housing Act was heralded as promoting ‘ tenants ’ choice ' : the government assumed that there was widespread dissatisfaction with local authorities as landlords and that tenants would apply in large numbers to transfer to an alternative landlord .
the 1988 housing act was heralded as promoting ‘ tenants ’ choice ' : the government assumed that there was widespread dissatisfaction with local authorities as landlords and that tenants would apply in large numbers to [give] to an alternative landlord .

One of the purposes of health service charges is to transfer a proportion of the cost of treatment to the patient .
one of the purposes of health service charges is to [give] a proportion of the cost of treatment to the patient .

The personal social services provide a good example of a transfer of responsibility for provision from the state to the commercial , voluntary and informal sectors .
the personal social services provide a good example of a [give] of responsibility for provision from the state to the commercial , voluntary and informal sectors .

An inheritance tax has replaced the capital transfer tax .
an inheritance tax has replaced the capital [give] tax .

No tax is payable on any gifts made seven years before death , an exemption that did not apply to capital transfer tax .
no tax is payable on any gifts made seven years before death , an exemption that did not apply to capital [give] tax .

Local authorities have been forced to sell the best of their housing stock into owner occupation , and to agree to the transfer of houses remaining in the rented sector to alternative landlords .
local authorities have been forced to sell the best of their housing stock into owner occupation , and to agree to the [give] of houses remaining in the rented sector to alternative landlords .

It would transfer ownership of the land and shared areas from the landlord to the owners in a block of flats and would establish a system for communal management and repairs .
it would [give] ownership of the land and shared areas from the landlord to the owners in a block of flats and would establish a system for communal management and repairs .

However , there may be a transfer charge of about £10 or £20 as well as an interest penalty of up to 90 days .
however , there may be a [give] charge of about £10 or £20 as well as an interest penalty of up to 90 days .

Trace the shape in figure 1 and transfer it to thin cardboard .
trace the shape in figure 1 and [give] it to thin cardboard .

If you start as an associate student , the courses you successfully complete can be counted towards a degree should you choose to transfer to the undergraduate programme .
if you start as an associate student , the courses you successfully complete can be counted towards a degree should you choose to [give] to the undergraduate programme .

We do n't recommend bringing your own board ; although some succeed , the airlines wo n't guarantee carriage , local customs do n't always allow temporary import , and our transfer buses do n't have room .
we do n't recommend bringing your own board ; although some succeed , the airlines wo n't guarantee carriage , local customs do n't always allow temporary import , and our [give] buses do n't have room .

Transfer , airport to resort and return . •
[give] , airport to resort and return . •

Transfer airport to resort and return . •
[give] airport to resort and return . •

But economic and commercial policy are also bedrock attributes of the nation state , and the members of the Community have long transferred commercial policy to the Community , while most of them clearly intend to transfer monetary policy to the Community as well .
but economic and commercial policy are also bedrock attributes of the nation state , and the members of the community have long transferred commercial policy to the community , while most of them clearly intend to [give] monetary policy to the community as well .

In 1991 , Infolink also introduced an initiative to tackle the growing problem of vehicle transfer agencies .
in 1991 , infolink also introduced an initiative to tackle the growing problem of vehicle [give] agencies .

Second , he refused to transfer all metropolitan authority in the southern province to London on the grounds that whatever Gregory 's original intentions , Canterbury now possessed the primacy by ancient right .
second , he refused to [give] all metropolitan authority in the southern province to london on the grounds that whatever gregory 's original intentions , canterbury now possessed the primacy by ancient right .

This structural advantage was offset by the transfer of nearly half a million industrial jobs under government regional policy , 1945–65 , to assisted areas of the ‘ periphery ’ ; these areas were again defined essentially as sub-regions , namely , much of the Clyde Valley , the north-east coast of England , South Wales and Cornwall , together with Merseyside .
this structural advantage was offset by the [give] of nearly half a million industrial jobs under government regional policy , 1945–65 , to assisted areas of the ‘ periphery ’ ; these areas were again defined essentially as sub-regions , namely , much of the clyde valley , the north-east coast of england , south wales and cornwall , together with merseyside .

The shift of people into the Midlands and south of England slowed substantially during the later 1960s and early 1970s , but its subsequent re-emergence formed one of the key features of the 1980s , along with the ‘ transfer ’ of large parts of the Midlands into the North ( Green , 1988 ; Lewis and Townsend , 1989 ; Martin , 1989a ) .
the shift of people into the midlands and south of england slowed substantially during the later 1960s and early 1970s , but its subsequent re-emergence formed one of the key features of the 1980s , along with the ‘ [give] ’ of large parts of the midlands into the north ( green , 1988 ; lewis and townsend , 1989 ; martin , 1989a ) .

All courses have an underlying philosophy that emphasises the positive value of bilingualism , recognises the importance of anti-racist approaches to curriculum , materials and methods , acknowledges the role that mother tongue may play in learning and draws attention to the fact that bilingual students may have already studied the subject in their own country and need to transfer knowledge rather than to learn from the beginning .
all courses have an underlying philosophy that emphasises the positive value of bilingualism , recognises the importance of anti-racist approaches to curriculum , materials and methods , acknowledges the role that mother tongue may play in learning and draws attention to the fact that bilingual students may have already studied the subject in their own country and need to [give] knowledge rather than to learn from the beginning .

Progress on arrangements for the voluntary transfer of those in housing need from the big cities to the smaller surrounding townships was at first very slow .
progress on arrangements for the voluntary [give] of those in housing need from the big cities to the smaller surrounding townships was at first very slow .

This forecast rate of increase simply did not materialize , and once again British cities got by with incremental adjustments , while an accelerated process of decentralization helped to transfer traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .
this forecast rate of increase simply did not materialize , and once again british cities got by with incremental adjustments , while an accelerated process of decentralization helped to [give] traffic flows from the centre to a series of nodes within the city region .

‘ You transfer them across from their regular cage and then close the door behind them .
‘ you [give] them across from their regular cage and then close the door behind them .

He tucked the transfer document into his tunic , then hurried along the corridors , taking a crowded lift down to the living quarters in the heart of the great multi-stack fortress .
he tucked the [give] document into his tunic , then hurried along the corridors , taking a crowded lift down to the living quarters in the heart of the great multi-stack fortress .

The acoustic effect will transfer underground .
the acoustic effect will [give] underground .

We need now to transfer this quality of understanding of human need to general hospitals .
we need now to [give] this quality of understanding of human need to general hospitals .

In some systems one crane serves more than one aisle and in this case is moved from aisle to aisle by an automatic transfer system .
in some systems one crane serves more than one aisle and in this case is moved from aisle to aisle by an automatic [give] system .

Some warehouses have one crane in each aisle whilst others with relatively low rates of throughput depend upon crane transfer mechanisms .
some warehouses have one crane in each aisle whilst others with relatively low rates of throughput depend upon crane [give] mechanisms .

Dry transfer ( lettering )
dry [give] ( lettering )

Characters , drawings , etc , that can be transferred to the artwork by rubbing them off the back of the transfer sheet .
characters , drawings , etc , that can be transferred to the artwork by rubbing them off the back of the [give] sheet .

Dye transfer
dye [give]

a proprietary name for rub-down or dry transfer lettering used in preparing artwork .
a proprietary name for rub-down or dry [give] lettering used in preparing artwork .

the accidental transfer of the printed image from one sheet to the back of another .
the accidental [give] of the printed image from one sheet to the back of another .

The majority of the currently available mice use a mechanical coupling to transfer the movement of the wheels or roller to the sensors but there are other methods .
the majority of the currently available mice use a mechanical coupling to [give] the movement of the wheels or roller to the sensors but there are other methods .

The second type of communications package are those which both transfer and , where appropriate , translate as they do so .
the second type of communications package are those which both [give] and , where appropriate , translate as they do so .

MacLink also has a role to play in the translation of information once it has been transferred by other communications systems ; simple serial links , modem or Email based file transfer or the third main method for getting files between Macintoshes and PCs , disk exchange .
maclink also has a role to play in the translation of information once it has been transferred by other communications systems ; simple serial links , modem or email based file [give] or the third main method for getting files between macintoshes and pcs , disk exchange .

In order to transfer each character all eight bits must be sent from the computer to the printer .
in order to [give] each character all eight bits must be sent from the computer to the printer .

Each group is broken down into many different variants depending on the particular way in which the image is transferred onto the paper ; daisy wheel , ink jet , thermal transfer and so on .
each group is broken down into many different variants depending on the particular way in which the image is transferred onto the paper ; daisy wheel , ink jet , thermal [give] and so on .

Theoretically at least , if tourism was to increase by £20,000 million , ( four-fold ) , and if holidays previously taken abroad were taken at home , the calculations justify the transfer of tax burden entirely from earnings to spending .
theoretically at least , if tourism was to increase by £20,000 million , ( four-fold ) , and if holidays previously taken abroad were taken at home , the calculations justify the [give] of tax burden entirely from earnings to spending .

Finding a suitable cow in neighbouring Chetnole , he used a needle to transfer the pox matter and , copying the technique used by inoculators , infected his wife and sons by scratching their arms .
finding a suitable cow in neighbouring chetnole , he used a needle to [give] the pox matter and , copying the technique used by inoculators , infected his wife and sons by scratching their arms .

He had the task of cataloguing her books ( including the Spencer library ) , advising on new purchases , organizing the collection , and supervising its transfer to the new John Rylands Library in Manchester .
he had the task of cataloguing her books ( including the spencer library ) , advising on new purchases , organizing the collection , and supervising its [give] to the new john rylands library in manchester .

Hubert Walter 's death in 1205 forced him to transfer to the household of Bishop Jocelin of Wells [ q.v . ]
hubert walter 's death in 1205 forced him to [give] to the household of bishop jocelin of wells [ q.v . ]

, and he countermanded on his own authority a Treasury request for the transfer of gold from Canada .
, and he countermanded on his own authority a treasury request for the [give] of gold from canada .

He became a prominent critic of indirect rule and colonial self-sufficiency ; in the London group on African affairs he opposed the transfer of Bechuanaland , Basutoland , and Swaziland to South Africa .
he became a prominent critic of indirect rule and colonial self-sufficiency ; in the london group on african affairs he opposed the [give] of bechuanaland , basutoland , and swaziland to south africa .

Lord Charles Somerset 's governorship was marked by important developments on the colony 's unsettled eastern frontier , in the administration of affairs related to the transfer from Dutch to British rule , and in political conflict with radical elements on the issue of freedom of speech .
lord charles somerset 's governorship was marked by important developments on the colony 's unsettled eastern frontier , in the administration of affairs related to the [give] from dutch to british rule , and in political conflict with radical elements on the issue of freedom of speech .

He noticed that colonies of micrococci had become transparent and that transfer of this material to a growing colony reproduced the condition .
he noticed that colonies of micrococci had become transparent and that [give] of this material to a growing colony reproduced the condition .

That two of his sons had fought for Parliament may have played a part in this transfer of loyalty .
that two of his sons had fought for parliament may have played a part in this [give] of loyalty .

, were too rooted in pre-war attitudes to adapt enthusiastically to the new spirit of social engineering and transfer of power .
, were too rooted in pre-war attitudes to adapt enthusiastically to the new spirit of social engineering and [give] of power .

And , if a subscriber for a single debenture wanted to sell half of it , he would not be able to make a legal transfer of that half .
and , if a subscriber for a single debenture wanted to sell half of it , he would not be able to make a legal [give] of that half .

If , however , the company creates £1m of debenture stock it can issue it ; to subscribers in such amounts as each wants , giving each a single certificate and he can sell and transfer any fraction of it .
if , however , the company creates £1m of debenture stock it can issue it ; to subscribers in such amounts as each wants , giving each a single certificate and he can sell and [give] any fraction of it .

Shares may be acquired either ( a ) from the company itself on an issue by it or ( b ) by taking a transfer from an existing shareholder .
shares may be acquired either ( a ) from the company itself on an issue by it or ( b ) by taking a [give] from an existing shareholder .

Normally the original allottee will not insert the name of the person to whom they are to be renounced and the effect is then to produce something similar to a short-term share warrant to bearer ; it is not a negotiable instrument but once the renunciation is signed by the original allottee , the rights can be assigned by manual delivery of the allotment letter without a formal transfer .
normally the original allottee will not insert the name of the person to whom they are to be renounced and the effect is then to produce something similar to a short-term share warrant to bearer ; it is not a negotiable instrument but once the renunciation is signed by the original allottee , the rights can be assigned by manual delivery of the allotment letter without a formal [give] .

by taking a transfer of shares from an existing member and shareholder .
by taking a [give] of shares from an existing member and shareholder .

Neither the agreement to transfer nor delivery of a signed transfer form will pass the legal title .
neither the agreement to [give] nor delivery of a signed [give] form will pass the legal title .

In other circumstances all that needs to be done if the transaction is a domestic one , whereby , say , a shareholder transfers his holding as a gift to a member of his family or sells it to an acquaintance , is for the transferor to hand over to the transferee a signed share transfer together with the share certificate which the transferee will lodge with the company and the register will then be amended by adding the transferee and noting that the transferor has ceased to be a member or shareholder in respect of the shares .
in other circumstances all that needs to be done if the transaction is a domestic one , whereby , say , a shareholder transfers his holding as a gift to a member of his family or sells it to an acquaintance , is for the transferor to hand over to the transferee a signed share [give] together with the share certificate which the transferee will lodge with the company and the register will then be amended by adding the transferee and noting that the transferor has ceased to be a member or shareholder in respect of the shares .

If the transferor bothers to read the transfer form he will find that it differs slightly from the one that he would have used if he transferred his shares to his wife or children .
if the transferor bothers to read the [give] form he will find that it differs slightly from the one that he would have used if he transferred his shares to his wife or children .

Section 185 ( 1 ) of the Act provides that , unless the terms of issue of the securities otherwise provide , a company shall , within two months of allotment or receipt of a transfer , complete and have ready for delivery certificates resulting therefrom .
section 185 ( 1 ) of the act provides that , unless the terms of issue of the securities otherwise provide , a company shall , within two months of allotment or receipt of a [give] , complete and have ready for delivery certificates resulting therefrom .

Unfortunately confidence in this practice was somewhat sapped when the House of Lords decided that , if the officer of the company who certified the transfer did so fraudulently and for his own purposes when sufficient share certificates had not in fact been lodged , the company was not liable .
unfortunately confidence in this practice was somewhat sapped when the house of lords decided that , if the officer of the company who certified the [give] did so fraudulently and for his own purposes when sufficient share certificates had not in fact been lodged , the company was not liable .

This makes it clear that certification , like a share certificate , is not a representation that the transferor has title to the shares but is a representation that certificates have been produced to the company showing a prima facie title and that the company will be liable to compensate any person who acts on the faith of it , provided that it was issued by someone authorised by the company to issue certified transfer and was signed by someone authorised to sign .
this makes it clear that certification , like a share certificate , is not a representation that the transferor has title to the shares but is a representation that certificates have been produced to the company showing a prima facie title and that the company will be liable to compensate any person who acts on the faith of it , provided that it was issued by someone authorised by the company to issue certified [give] and was signed by someone authorised to sign .

But , since shareholders have a prima facie right to transfer to whomsoever they please , this right is not to be cut down by uncertain language or doubtful implications .
but , since shareholders have a prima facie right to [give] to whomsoever they please , this right is not to be cut down by uncertain language or doubtful implications .

If , therefore , it is not clear whether a restriction applies to any transfer or only to a transfer to , say , a non-member , or to any type of disposition or only to a sale the narrower construction will be adopted .
if , therefore , it is not clear whether a restriction applies to any [give] or only to a [give] to , say , a non-member , or to any type of disposition or only to a sale the narrower construction will be adopted .

The House of Lords held that in the context ‘ transferring ’ obviously meant assigning the beneficial interest and not the technical process of having a transfer registered .
the house of lords held that in the context ‘ transferring ’ obviously meant assigning the beneficial interest and not the technical process of having a [give] registered .

Neither had any wish that the shares should be transferred to him but it was argued that , on the basis of the House of Lords ' decision , the passing of the beneficial interest to them was a ‘ transfer ’ of which notice should have been given , thus entitling other members to acquire the shares at a fair price .
neither had any wish that the shares should be transferred to him but it was argued that , on the basis of the house of lords ' decision , the passing of the beneficial interest to them was a ‘ [give] ’ of which notice should have been given , thus entitling other members to acquire the shares at a fair price .

The directors have a reasonable time in which to come to a decision , but since section 183 ( 5 ) of the Act imposes an obligation on them to give to the transferee notice of rejection within two months of the lodging of the transfer , the maximum reasonable period is two months .
the directors have a reasonable time in which to come to a decision , but since section 183 ( 5 ) of the act imposes an obligation on them to give to the transferee notice of rejection within two months of the lodging of the [give] , the maximum reasonable period is two months .

In the case of an off-market transaction it may be of importance to determine the precise legal position of the transferor and transferee pending registration of the transfer which , if there are restrictions on transferability may never occur .
in the case of an off-market transaction it may be of importance to determine the precise legal position of the transferor and transferee pending registration of the [give] which , if there are restrictions on transferability may never occur .

As we have seen , only if and when the transfer is registered , will the transferor cease to be a member and shareholder and the transferee will become a member and shareholder .
as we have seen , only if and when the [give] is registered , will the transferor cease to be a member and shareholder and the transferee will become a member and shareholder .

In the case of a sale the transaction will normally go through three stages : — ( 1 ) an agreement ( which , particularly if a block of shares conferring de facto or de jure control is being sold , may be a complicated one ) ( 2 ) delivery of the signed transfer and the certificate by the seller and payment of the price by the buyer and ( 3 ) lodgment of the transfer for registration by the company .
in the case of a sale the transaction will normally go through three stages : — ( 1 ) an agreement ( which , particularly if a block of shares conferring de facto or de jure control is being sold , may be a complicated one ) ( 2 ) delivery of the signed [give] and the certificate by the seller and payment of the price by the buyer and ( 3 ) lodgment of the [give] for registration by the company .

Notwithstanding that the transfer is not lodged for registration or registration is refused , the beneficial interest in the shares will , it seems , pass from the seller to the buyer at the latest at stage ( 2 ) and , indeed will do so at stage ( 1 ) if the agreement is one which the courts would order to be specifically enforced .
notwithstanding that the [give] is not lodged for registration or registration is refused , the beneficial interest in the shares will , it seems , pass from the seller to the buyer at the latest at stage ( 2 ) and , indeed will do so at stage ( 1 ) if the agreement is one which the courts would order to be specifically enforced .

There are observations of the House of Lords in Hunter v. Hunter to the effect that accordingly the transfer is wholly void even as between the transferor and transferee .
there are observations of the house of lords in hunter v. hunter to the effect that accordingly the [give] is wholly void even as between the transferor and transferee .

’ One might have supposed , therefore , that if the donor has chosen to make the gift by handing to the donee a signed transfer and the share certificate , rather than by a formal declaration of trust in favour of the donee , the gift would not be effective unless and until the transfer was registered .
’ one might have supposed , therefore , that if the donor has chosen to make the gift by handing to the donee a signed [give] and the share certificate , rather than by a formal declaration of trust in favour of the donee , the gift would not be effective unless and until the [give] was registered .

This can be done by a legal mortgage , under which the shareholder transfers the shares to the lender ( who registers the transfer ) subject to an agreement to re-transfer them when the loan is repaid .
this can be done by a legal mortgage , under which the shareholder transfers the shares to the lender ( who registers the [give] ) subject to an agreement to re-transfer them when the loan is repaid .

Hence a more usual arrangement is one whereby the shareholder deposits with the lender his share certificate and , often , a signed blank transfer , this usually being accompanied by a written memorandum setting out the terms of the loan .
hence a more usual arrangement is one whereby the shareholder deposits with the lender his share certificate and , often , a signed blank [give] , this usually being accompanied by a written memorandum setting out the terms of the loan .

( a ) Once a shareholder has incurred a debt or liability to the company , it has an equitable charge on the shares of that shareholder to secure payment which ranks in priority to later equitable interests and , it seems to earlier ones of which the company had no notice when its lien became effective ; and ( b ) in determining whether the company had notice , section 360 has no application ; if the company knows of the earlier equitable interest ( because , for example , a transfer of the shares has been lodged for registration even if that is refused ) it can not improve its own position to the detriment of the holder of that known equitable interest .
( a ) once a shareholder has incurred a debt or liability to the company , it has an equitable charge on the shares of that shareholder to secure payment which ranks in priority to later equitable interests and , it seems to earlier ones of which the company had no notice when its lien became effective ; and ( b ) in determining whether the company had notice , section 360 has no application ; if the company knows of the earlier equitable interest ( because , for example , a [give] of the shares has been lodged for registration even if that is refused ) it can not improve its own position to the detriment of the holder of that known equitable interest .

It may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an attempt to obtain a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to register the transfer .
it may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an attempt to obtain a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to register the [give] .

The Act recognises that shares may be transmitted by operation of law and that , when this occurs , the prohibition on registering unless a proper instrument of transfer has been delivered does not apply .
the act recognises that shares may be transmitted by operation of law and that , when this occurs , the prohibition on registering unless a proper instrument of [give] has been delivered does not apply .

As regards ( a ) , the Act further provides that a transfer by the deceased 's personal representative , even if he is not a member of the company , is as valid as if he had been .
as regards ( a ) , the act further provides that a [give] by the deceased 's personal representative , even if he is not a member of the company , is as valid as if he had been .

If the shares are those if a listed company this anomalous position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any restrictions on transferability and the personal representative will either obtain registration of himself or execute a transfer to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .
if the shares are those if a listed company this anomalous position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any restrictions on transferability and the personal representative will either obtain registration of himself or execute a [give] to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .

As in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .
as in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any [give] by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .

On general principles relating to assignments of choses-in-action , a transfer of a debenture should be an equitable assignment only , until it becomes a legal assignment when the company receives notice of it .
on general principles relating to assignments of choses-in-action , a [give] of a debenture should be an equitable assignment only , until it becomes a legal assignment when the company receives notice of it .

British backbenchers may cast envious glances at their American counterparts who both have a greater impact on executive-initiated legislation and conduct more thorough investigations of the bureaucracy , but the problem remains of how to transfer political institutions from one political system to another .
british backbenchers may cast envious glances at their american counterparts who both have a greater impact on executive-initiated legislation and conduct more thorough investigations of the bureaucracy , but the problem remains of how to [give] political institutions from one political system to another .

Among his many far-reaching reforms , Gorbachev effected a transfer of power from Communist Party to executive presidency .
among his many far-reaching reforms , gorbachev effected a [give] of power from communist party to executive presidency .

The bookkeeping for this inter-fund transfer is a potential source of difficulty because strictly the transaction generates two double-entries .
the bookkeeping for this inter-fund [give] is a potential source of difficulty because strictly the transaction generates two double-entries .

In the accounts of a business the principal repayment would merely be a transfer of funds within the balance sheet from the owners to the creditors .
in the accounts of a business the principal repayment would merely be a [give] of funds within the balance sheet from the owners to the creditors .

The primary objective is to measure energy transfer in physical geography and the closer one gets to the transfer the more realist is the approach , in contrast to the functional which tends to employ surrogates for process work functions .
the primary objective is to measure energy [give] in physical geography and the closer one gets to the [give] the more realist is the approach , in contrast to the functional which tends to employ surrogates for process work functions .

The fundamental problem confronting process measurement is that there is energy transfer taking place at what is effectively an infinite number of points in space and in time .
the fundamental problem confronting process measurement is that there is energy [give] taking place at what is effectively an infinite number of points in space and in time .

Such a stress is converted into the sequence of interest via a rating calibration or transfer function which links the applied stress and material flux or strain .
such a stress is converted into the sequence of interest via a rating calibration or [give] function which links the applied stress and material flux or strain .

Figure 6.1 : The influence of human activity upon sediment transfer .
figure 6.1 : the influence of human activity upon sediment [give] .

This approach , which had earlier been used in relation to other fields such as architecture ( Knowles , 1974 ) embraces population ecology , system ecology , the city as a habitat , and then energy and material transfer in cities are used to highlight spatial contrasts within the city and between cities and also to differentiate cities from rural environments .
this approach , which had earlier been used in relation to other fields such as architecture ( knowles , 1974 ) embraces population ecology , system ecology , the city as a habitat , and then energy and material [give] in cities are used to highlight spatial contrasts within the city and between cities and also to differentiate cities from rural environments .

In analysis , attention has been accorded to the structure of the system , its behaviour which involves energy transfer , its boundaries , its environment , its state whether transient or equilibrium , and its parameters which are unaffected by the operation of the system .
in analysis , attention has been accorded to the structure of the system , its behaviour which involves energy [give] , its boundaries , its environment , its state whether transient or equilibrium , and its parameters which are unaffected by the operation of the system .

In his alternative biogeography Gersmehl ( 1976 ) also focuses upon the circulation of mineral elements modelled as a system of compartments and transfer pathways .
in his alternative biogeography gersmehl ( 1976 ) also focuses upon the circulation of mineral elements modelled as a system of compartments and [give] pathways .

( 1980 ) concluded that climatology must systematically investigate the exchanges of heat , water and momentum that occur at or near the earth 's surface and should focus upon topoclimatology as well as on transfer processes .
( 1980 ) concluded that climatology must systematically investigate the exchanges of heat , water and momentum that occur at or near the earth 's surface and should focus upon topoclimatology as well as on [give] processes .

Among the former have been the national trends towards acceptance of credit accumulation and transfer and all that they imply ; among the latter have been the effect of a tightening national steer on undergraduate student numbers in particular subjects .
among the former have been the national trends towards acceptance of credit accumulation and [give] and all that they imply ; among the latter have been the effect of a tightening national steer on undergraduate student numbers in particular subjects .

Nikola ( Figure 4.3 ) is a straightforward case of a transfer from the first year of one degree course direct into the second year of another .
nikola ( figure 4.3 ) is a straightforward case of a [give] from the first year of one degree course direct into the second year of another .

ease of student transfer between modules and fields ;
ease of student [give] between modules and fields ;

The Oxford Polytechnic scheme is sui generis : the extent to which it has developed in a particular context of constraints and opportunities makes many of the decisions it has made and many of the systems it has adopted difficult to transfer to other institutional frameworks .
the oxford polytechnic scheme is sui generis : the extent to which it has developed in a particular context of constraints and opportunities makes many of the decisions it has made and many of the systems it has adopted difficult to [give] to other institutional frameworks .

imply promises ( of internal transfer , for example ) which they then can not deliver .
imply promises ( of internal [give] , for example ) which they then can not deliver .

Kogel Waterhouse of Wolverhampton Polytechnic ( on behalf of the Midlands Consortium for Credit Accumulation and ‘ Transfer ) has effectively put this point in historical perspective .
kogel waterhouse of wolverhampton polytechnic ( on behalf of the midlands consortium for credit accumulation and ‘ [give] ) has effectively put this point in historical perspective .

The ensuing White Paper paid tribute to the work of the Law Society but proposed to transfer its responsibilities to a new Legal Aid Board .
the ensuing white paper paid tribute to the work of the law society but proposed to [give] its responsibilities to a new legal aid board .

Provision would be made for the possible transfer of other functions at a later date , ( e.g .
provision would be made for the possible [give] of other functions at a later date , ( e.g .

The initial concerns of the Board were with the transfer of responsibilities from the Law Society and their subsequent management .
the initial concerns of the board were with the [give] of responsibilities from the law society and their subsequent management .

Non-personal injury cases involving claims below £20,000 were identified for transfer to the county court and three extra Circuit judges sat in the High Court for three months to take Queen 's Bench cases .
non-personal injury cases involving claims below £20,000 were identified for [give] to the county court and three extra circuit judges sat in the high court for three months to take queen 's bench cases .

In order to reduce delay , cost and complexity in the civil justice system , the Civil Justice Review recommended that the county court should be retained as a court separate from the High Court , but that the upper limit of county court jurisdiction should be abolished , that all civil proceedings , with a few exceptions , should be commenced by a document called a writ , which would be issued in either the High Court or a county court , and that there should be an improved system of transfer of cases between county court and High Court .
in order to reduce delay , cost and complexity in the civil justice system , the civil justice review recommended that the county court should be retained as a court separate from the high court , but that the upper limit of county court jurisdiction should be abolished , that all civil proceedings , with a few exceptions , should be commenced by a document called a writ , which would be issued in either the high court or a county court , and that there should be an improved system of [give] of cases between county court and high court .

If an action is begun in the wrong court , that court may transfer it to the court with appropriate jurisdiction .
if an action is begun in the wrong court , that court may [give] it to the court with appropriate jurisdiction .

The increase of speed with altitude could be the result of the upward transfer , by convection in the troposphere , of energy of motion : as such energy is transferred from the high-density regions at low altitudes to the low-density regions high up then the low-density material has to move faster to carry this energy .
the increase of speed with altitude could be the result of the upward [give] , by convection in the troposphere , of energy of motion : as such energy is transferred from the high-density regions at low altitudes to the low-density regions high up then the low-density material has to move faster to carry this energy .

The transfer of volatiles from the interior of a planet to its surface is called outgassing .
the [give] of volatiles from the interior of a planet to its surface is called outgassing .

If , without any transfer of angular momentum to the Earth-Moon system , the Moon were shifted into a circular orbit half the radius of its present orbit ( which is nearly circular ) , discuss whether its sidereal orbital period would initially increase or decrease .
if , without any [give] of angular momentum to the earth-moon system , the moon were shifted into a circular orbit half the radius of its present orbit ( which is nearly circular ) , discuss whether its sidereal orbital period would initially increase or decrease .

This indicates that thermal convection ( section 2.2.2 ) is the dominant mode of upward heat transfer , and that there are powerful sources of heat deep in the atmosphere .
this indicates that thermal convection ( section 2.2.2 ) is the dominant mode of upward heat [give] , and that there are powerful sources of heat deep in the atmosphere .

Clearly therefore equator to pole heat transfer is occurring at greater depths in the atmosphere than those for which wind patterns have been established .
clearly therefore equator to pole heat [give] is occurring at greater depths in the atmosphere than those for which wind patterns have been established .

However , the transfer of energy of motion from eddies to rapid east-west flow does occur in the Earth 's atmosphere , at mid-latitudes and high altitudes .
however , the [give] of energy of motion from eddies to rapid east-west flow does occur in the earth 's atmosphere , at mid-latitudes and high altitudes .

However , as you can see from Figure 9.5 , the adiabatic lapse-rate , which indicates heat transfer by thermal convection , is not followed at altitudes above about 30 km , which is below the altitudes from which most of the radiation to space ( at planetary wavelengths ) originates .
however , as you can see from figure 9.5 , the adiabatic lapse-rate , which indicates heat [give] by thermal convection , is not followed at altitudes above about 30 km , which is below the altitudes from which most of the radiation to space ( at planetary wavelengths ) originates .

The policy agenda of the Conservative administration after 1979 reasserted the importance of community care and a series of initiatives were undertaken involving the transfer of finance from health to social care , as a means of enhancing the development and co-ordination of care in the community .
the policy agenda of the conservative administration after 1979 reasserted the importance of community care and a series of initiatives were undertaken involving the [give] of finance from health to social care , as a means of enhancing the development and co-ordination of care in the community .

Much of the discussion about implementation has been focused on the transfer of resources and the adequacy of the amounts transferred , both transitionally and in the longer term .
much of the discussion about implementation has been focused on the [give] of resources and the adequacy of the amounts transferred , both transitionally and in the longer term .

The study was planned as a multiple time-series design across subjects , in which individuals form their own controls and staggered transfer to new services would control for confounding variables ( Campbell and Stanley , 1966 ) .
the study was planned as a multiple time-series design across subjects , in which individuals form their own controls and staggered [give] to new services would control for confounding variables ( campbell and stanley , 1966 ) .

excluding self-stimulation ) showed no clear effect of transfer .
excluding self-stimulation ) showed no clear effect of [give] .

The simple enrichment of the social and physical environment by transfer from institutions to staffed houses does not in itself ensure greater involvement by the person served in meaningful activity .
the simple enrichment of the social and physical environment by [give] from institutions to staffed houses does not in itself ensure greater involvement by the person served in meaningful activity .

The effect of the provisions is that the newly issued shares are deemed , as it were , to be a replacement of the shares transferred so that no capital gains tax becomes payable on the transfer by the transferor at that stage .
the effect of the provisions is that the newly issued shares are deemed , as it were , to be a replacement of the shares transferred so that no capital gains tax becomes payable on the [give] by the transferor at that stage .

So far as the acquiring company is concerned , the shares transferred to it are acquired at their actual value at the time of transfer , so that that forms the base value if and when they come to be disposed of .
so far as the acquiring company is concerned , the shares transferred to it are acquired at their actual value at the time of [give] , so that that forms the base value if and when they come to be disposed of .

On the other hand , despite the tone of much of the political debate in the United Kingdom , it should be said at the outset that questions such as the transfer of powers ( or sovereignty ) to the Community , the direct application and direct effect of Community law , and the correlative theory of the primacy of such provisions of Community law when they conflict with provisions of national law , were all established aspects of Community law when we joined in 1973 , and are not new problems relating to Maastricht .
on the other hand , despite the tone of much of the political debate in the united kingdom , it should be said at the outset that questions such as the [give] of powers ( or sovereignty ) to the community , the direct application and direct effect of community law , and the correlative theory of the primacy of such provisions of community law when they conflict with provisions of national law , were all established aspects of community law when we joined in 1973 , and are not new problems relating to maastricht .

However , of the three areas excluded from potential transfer to the Community , it might be argued that customs co-operation was already implicit in the concept of the customs union ( which has existed since 1968 ) .
however , of the three areas excluded from potential [give] to the community , it might be argued that customs co-operation was already implicit in the concept of the customs union ( which has existed since 1968 ) .

Harbury dived in with a question about the legality of such a transfer which , like much of what MacQuillan had done , was contrary to the conditions on which he had been allowed to acquire the paper .
harbury dived in with a question about the legality of such a [give] which , like much of what macquillan had done , was contrary to the conditions on which he had been allowed to acquire the paper .

But it made sense to keep the running titles intact and transfer them as a set to another forme on its way to the press , saving a little of the compositor 's time .
but it made sense to keep the running titles intact and [give] them as a set to another forme on its way to the press , saving a little of the compositor 's time .

Those in the Member class wish to transfer to Fellowship are reminded that the next meeting of the Fellowship Committee will be held on 29 September 1993 .
those in the member class wish to [give] to fellowship are reminded that the next meeting of the fellowship committee will be held on 29 september 1993 .

To be eligible for transfer , applicants must :
to be eligible for [give] , applicants must :

We thank you especially for the witness of Archbishop Runcie and pray for him and for Bishop Carey as they transfer responsibility under your guiding hand .
we thank you especially for the witness of archbishop runcie and pray for him and for bishop carey as they [give] responsibility under your guiding hand .

The second ad was set in a courtroom and described our new product ‘ Balanced Banking ’ and had the message that , with our automatic transfer , customers ‘ money was always in the right place to earn more interest .
the second ad was set in a courtroom and described our new product ‘ balanced banking ’ and had the message that , with our automatic [give] , customers ‘ money was always in the right place to earn more interest .

Alternatively , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the assets in question , operate them for a specified period in return for an agreed fee and then transfer them to the commissioning authority .
alternatively , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the assets in question , operate them for a specified period in return for an agreed fee and then [give] them to the commissioning authority .

one or more public limited companies — local authority assets would transfer out of local authority ownership to one , two or three public limited companies .
one or more public limited companies — local authority assets would [give] out of local authority ownership to one , two or three public limited companies .

The commission will advice the Secretary of State and local authorities on the appointment , transfer , retirement and redundancy for staff .
the commission will advice the secretary of state and local authorities on the appointment , [give] , retirement and redundancy for staff .

The Government reiterated that the vast majority of local government staff would transfer to one of the new councils on existing pay and conditions , but the proposals put the future prosperity of the Lothians in doubt .
the government reiterated that the vast majority of local government staff would [give] to one of the new councils on existing pay and conditions , but the proposals put the future prosperity of the lothians in doubt .

10.4 If , after returning to work , an employee who has been the victim of an incident of violence at work requests a transfer to other duties , such a request will be treated sympathetically .
10.4 if , after returning to work , an employee who has been the victim of an incident of violence at work requests a [give] to other duties , such a request will be treated sympathetically .

When a transfer is arranged this should be on a trial basis normally not exceeding one month .
when a [give] is arranged this should be on a trial basis normally not exceeding one month .

at the end of the trial period and subject to agreement by both parties , the Director of Social Work will confirm the transfer as permanent .
at the end of the trial period and subject to agreement by both parties , the director of social work will confirm the [give] as permanent .

In these circumstances the normal terms and conditions of employment for the post in question will be applied , although every effort will be made to transfer staff to posts of a comparable level .
in these circumstances the normal terms and conditions of employment for the post in question will be applied , although every effort will be made to [give] staff to posts of a comparable level .

Of particular interest is the age distribution of the children and it is evident that 12 and 13 year olds are most at risk and this coincides with their transfer from primary to secondary school .
of particular interest is the age distribution of the children and it is evident that 12 and 13 year olds are most at risk and this coincides with their [give] from primary to secondary school .

Industry has welcomed these objectives , along with the measures to increase technology transfer and improve the links between innovators and the market place .
industry has welcomed these objectives , along with the measures to increase technology [give] and improve the links between innovators and the market place .

Technology transfer in its broadest sense , which includes information , demonstration and the transfer of knowledge and skills as well as licensing agreements , .
technology [give] in its broadest sense , which includes information , demonstration and the [give] of knowledge and skills as well as licensing agreements , .

The benefits of technology transfer are widely recognised by government .
the benefits of technology [give] are widely recognised by government .

The Department 's role in technology transfer complements the range of worthwhile activity taking place in industry .
the department 's role in technology [give] complements the range of worthwhile activity taking place in industry .

Technology transfer and the SMEs
technology [give] and the smes

Government can play an essential role as a catalyst and in establishing the framework in which successful technology transfer can be achieved .
government can play an essential role as a catalyst and in establishing the framework in which successful technology [give] can be achieved .

Market intelligence and sales and marketing expertise are , therefore , as crucial to the success of the technology transfer company as they are to innovation in general .
market intelligence and sales and marketing expertise are , therefore , as crucial to the success of the technology [give] company as they are to innovation in general .

In some industries the process of technology transfer is so poorly established , or the application of a particular technology potentially so widespread , that the use of conventional mass marketing techniques can be effective .
in some industries the process of technology [give] is so poorly established , or the application of a particular technology potentially so widespread , that the use of conventional mass marketing techniques can be effective .

Cross-sector consultancy offers a vital route to the transfer of technology between sectors of industry .
cross-sector consultancy offers a vital route to the [give] of technology between sectors of industry .

For once a company has taken on the risks they are not easy to transfer .
for once a company has taken on the risks they are not easy to [give] .

Overseas aid , advice , technology transfer
overseas aid , advice , technology [give]

Movements are tracked with each individual 's location being constantly logged and updated as they transfer from helicopter to platform , supply vessel , or other destination .
movements are tracked with each individual 's location being constantly logged and updated as they [give] from helicopter to platform , supply vessel , or other destination .

When those bright beer brewers are satisfied , the beer qualifies for transfer to Bright Beer Tank .
when those bright beer brewers are satisfied , the beer qualifies for [give] to bright beer tank .

From a theoretical standpoint , Minden and Casperson { 30 } have been able to model the xenon-laser data very well , but found it necessary to include such effects as velocity-changing collisions , and population transfer from upper to lower laser level by spontaneous emission , as well as standing-wave effects .
from a theoretical standpoint , minden and casperson { 30 } have been able to model the xenon-laser data very well , but found it necessary to include such effects as velocity-changing collisions , and population [give] from upper to lower laser level by spontaneous emission , as well as standing-wave effects .

To help us draw a line between the incidental transfer of information , and communication proper , we may appeal to an important idea of the philosopher Grice ( 1957 ) .
to help us draw a line between the incidental [give] of information , and communication proper , we may appeal to an important idea of the philosopher grice ( 1957 ) .

With these two signatories , the industrialized countries should contribute up to $ 240 million towards the transfer of ozone-friendly technology to developing countries under the Montreal Protocol agreement .
with these two signatories , the industrialized countries should contribute up to $ 240 million towards the [give] of ozone-friendly technology to developing countries under the montreal protocol agreement .

The Indian government has made its final decision to sign the protocol dependent on the industrialized countries meeting their commitments on the transfer of technology in full .
the indian government has made its final decision to sign the protocol dependent on the industrialized countries meeting their commitments on the [give] of technology in full .

They also want financial aid and technology transfer to be included in binding agreements .
they also want financial aid and technology [give] to be included in binding agreements .

The European Community has a vital role to play : increasing European investment in science and technology ; promoting joint ventures between companies and countries ; reducing duplication ; investing in technology transfer and diffusion ; and raising the standards of basic science and technological education in schools , colleges and universities .
the european community has a vital role to play : increasing european investment in science and technology ; promoting joint ventures between companies and countries ; reducing duplication ; investing in technology [give] and diffusion ; and raising the standards of basic science and technological education in schools , colleges and universities .

The transfer to
the [give] to

One Senator has said he will try to stop the waste transfer until he is satisfied that transporting plutonium-contaminated wastes pose no threat to state residents .
one senator has said he will try to stop the waste [give] until he is satisfied that transporting plutonium-contaminated wastes pose no threat to state residents .

The London Stock Exchange invariably requires that a company seeking a listing provides in its articles of association that its shares will be free from any restriction on the right of transfer and free from any lien ( see the Yellow Book , section 1 , chapter 2 , para 4 and section 9 , chapter 1 , para 1.2 ) .
the london stock exchange invariably requires that a company seeking a listing provides in its articles of association that its shares will be free from any restriction on the right of [give] and free from any lien ( see the yellow book , section 1 , chapter 2 , para 4 and section 9 , chapter 1 , para 1.2 ) .

In exceptional circumstances , with the approval of the Exchange , a listed company may take power to disapprove the transfer of shares provided that such powers do not disturb the market ( para 4 ) .
in exceptional circumstances , with the approval of the exchange , a listed company may take power to disapprove the [give] of shares provided that such powers do not disturb the market ( para 4 ) .

All offerors will invariably ask the selling shareholders to represent that they own the shares ( or can transfer title ) free from encumbrances .
all offerors will invariably ask the selling shareholders to represent that they own the shares ( or can [give] title ) free from encumbrances .

The advantage of such a scheme is that , as it does not involve a transfer of the target 's shares or an assignment of any interest in them , no stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax is payable .
the advantage of such a scheme is that , as it does not involve a [give] of the target 's shares or an assignment of any interest in them , no stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax is payable .

The alternative scheme likely to be used will involve the transfer of the existing shares in the target to the bidder ( or at least those not already owned by the bidder ) by a person nominated by the court to execute transfers on their behalf in return for the delivery to them by the bidder of the agreed consideration .
the alternative scheme likely to be used will involve the [give] of the existing shares in the target to the bidder ( or at least those not already owned by the bidder ) by a person nominated by the court to execute transfers on their behalf in return for the delivery to them by the bidder of the agreed consideration .

( f ) because the stock is convertible , any transfer of it will attract stamp duty at one half of one per cent ;
( f ) because the stock is convertible , any [give] of it will attract stamp duty at one half of one per cent ;

( 9 ) The form of acceptance will normally authorise an appropriate person to execute a transfer , assignment or renunciation of the consideration shares on the accepting shareholder 's behalf and authorise the merchant bank to post a cheque to the accepting shareholder ( usually at his risk ) .
( 9 ) the form of acceptance will normally authorise an appropriate person to execute a [give] , assignment or renunciation of the consideration shares on the accepting shareholder 's behalf and authorise the merchant bank to post a cheque to the accepting shareholder ( usually at his risk ) .

( b ) those accepting shareholders who accept the share offer and agree to transfer their shares in the target to the offeror will receive the right to an allotment of shares in the offeror credited as fully paid .
( b ) those accepting shareholders who accept the share offer and agree to [give] their shares in the target to the offeror will receive the right to an allotment of shares in the offeror credited as fully paid .

The main objective of the arrangement is to attempt to avoid any contract ( particularly between the merchant bank and an accepting shareholder ) for the transfer of chargeable securities ( eg shares , an interest in shares or any right to an allotment of shares ) .
the main objective of the arrangement is to attempt to avoid any contract ( particularly between the merchant bank and an accepting shareholder ) for the [give] of chargeable securities ( eg shares , an interest in shares or any right to an allotment of shares ) .

5.1.2 if so required in writing by the Landlord to make such payments by banker 's order or credit transfer to any bank and account [ in the United Kingdom ] that the Landlord may from time to time nominate There may be occasions where the tenant would wish to withhold rent or claim a set-off and while the point is worth negotiating , clause 5.1.1 is otherwise not unreasonable .
5.1.2 if so required in writing by the landlord to make such payments by banker 's order or credit [give] to any bank and account [ in the united kingdom ] that the landlord may from time to time nominate there may be occasions where the tenant would wish to withhold rent or claim a set-off and while the point is worth negotiating , clause 5.1.1 is otherwise not unreasonable .

Any reference to payment of rent by banker 's order or credit transfer should be vigorously contested .
any reference to payment of rent by banker 's order or credit [give] should be vigorously contested .

It has already been suggested that the drafter 's primary objective is to transfer , so far as possible , the risks of the contract away from his/her client and onto the other party to the contract .
it has already been suggested that the drafter 's primary objective is to [give] , so far as possible , the risks of the contract away from his/her client and onto the other party to the contract .

The only difference is that in a contract of hire the implied terms concerned with the `` owner 's `` right to transfer possession of the goods can be excluded if the term satisfies the test of reasonableness .
the only difference is that in a contract of hire the implied terms concerned with the `` owner 's `` right to [give] possession of the goods can be excluded if the term satisfies the test of reasonableness .

The details on how the transaction should proceed are set out in the text , and these deal with the situation from the moment new instructions are given : the ticking of the relevant boxes on the " fixtures , fittings and contents " form and " property information " form ; dealing with any additional enquiries ; signing the contract in readiness for exchange of contracts ; proceeding to sign the transfer in order to conclude the transaction , and redeeming any outstanding mortgage .
the details on how the transaction should proceed are set out in the text , and these deal with the situation from the moment new instructions are given : the ticking of the relevant boxes on the " fixtures , fittings and contents " form and " property information " form ; dealing with any additional enquiries ; signing the contract in readiness for exchange of contracts ; proceeding to sign the [give] in order to conclude the transaction , and redeeming any outstanding mortgage .

Under both the TransAction scheme and the traditional style , the preparation of a transfer is usually undertaken by the buyer 's conveyancer .
under both the transaction scheme and the traditional style , the preparation of a [give] is usually undertaken by the buyer 's conveyancer .

It 's common practice to supply , in addition to the top copy , an extra copy of the draft contract and of the transfer .
it 's common practice to supply , in addition to the top copy , an extra copy of the draft contract and of the [give] .

When the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .
when the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or [give] of the property .

It is then your task as the seller 's conveyancer to transfer the information from the questionnaire to the information form .
it is then your task as the seller 's conveyancer to [give] the information from the questionnaire to the information form .

( One exception : sometimes a document , like a complicated estate transfer , is bound up in the certificate . )
( one exception : sometimes a document , like a complicated estate [give] , is bound up in the certificate . )

It will depend on the wording of the transfer deed that induces the registration .
it will depend on the wording of the [give] deed that induces the registration .

This will record any restrictive covenants that may be set out in full in the body of the certificate or may more commonly be referred to in a transfer deed , which may be sewn into the back of the certificate .
this will record any restrictive covenants that may be set out in full in the body of the certificate or may more commonly be referred to in a [give] deed , which may be sewn into the back of the certificate .

Make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the purchase within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your application to register the transfer or mortgage .
make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the purchase within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your application to register the [give] or mortgage .

This official search serves two vital purposes for a buyer : ( a ) it gives an assurance that no adverse entry has been made since the date searched from ; and ( b ) it gives the buyer priority for the registration of transfer ( or mortgage , when a prospective mortgagee is searching ) provided the buyer 's own transfer or mortgage is lodged in the Registry before 11 am on the thirtieth working day from the date of the certificate .
this official search serves two vital purposes for a buyer : ( a ) it gives an assurance that no adverse entry has been made since the date searched from ; and ( b ) it gives the buyer priority for the registration of [give] ( or mortgage , when a prospective mortgagee is searching ) provided the buyer 's own [give] or mortgage is lodged in the registry before 11 am on the thirtieth working day from the date of the certificate .

If the latter makes a search , the priority extends to cover the transfer , too , or the lease where there is a lease instead of a transfer ; but note that the converse is n't true , so the mortgagee must always search , and should n't rely on any search made by the borrower , who can properly rely on the search made by his or her mortgagee .
if the latter makes a search , the priority extends to cover the [give] , too , or the lease where there is a lease instead of a [give] ; but note that the converse is n't true , so the mortgagee must always search , and should n't rely on any search made by the borrower , who can properly rely on the search made by his or her mortgagee .

So if you act for both , search in the name of the mortgagee ; if the mortgagee is separately represented , and you are satisfied that a search has been made , you may think it unnecessary to search too , if you are confident that the mortgagee will lodge the application to register transfer and mortgage promptly .
so if you act for both , search in the name of the mortgagee ; if the mortgagee is separately represented , and you are satisfied that a search has been made , you may think it unnecessary to search too , if you are confident that the mortgagee will lodge the application to register [give] and mortgage promptly .

It may be that there is some delay after completion , which makes it impossible for the buyer 's conveyancers to lodge their transfer within the period of priority .
it may be that there is some delay after completion , which makes it impossible for the buyer 's conveyancers to lodge their [give] within the period of priority .

When delay may result from the need to adjudicate stamp duty on a transfer , the procedure first mentioned should be followed .
when delay may result from the need to adjudicate stamp duty on a [give] , the procedure first mentioned should be followed .

Lastly , when acting for a buyer prepare your land registry cover or application form ( which you 'll require when lodging your application to register the transfer or for first registration of title , as the case may be ) at the same time as you make your requisitions and prepare the draft conveyance or transfer and other documents preferably in that buyer 's package described at p22 .
lastly , when acting for a buyer prepare your land registry cover or application form ( which you 'll require when lodging your application to register the [give] or for first registration of title , as the case may be ) at the same time as you make your requisitions and prepare the draft conveyance or [give] and other documents preferably in that buyer 's package described at p22 .

9 . The transfer deed
9 . the [give] deed

It is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .
it is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple [give] for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .

When , acting for a buyer , you come to draft the document that will vest the unregistered property in your client , this can be either a conveyance or a form of transfer adapted to the particular property and title .
when , acting for a buyer , you come to draft the document that will vest the unregistered property in your client , this can be either a conveyance or a form of [give] adapted to the particular property and title .

If a " Rule 72 " transfer of unregistered land is used , the Registry only requires the original document to be lodged ( except when fresh restrictive covenants are imposed ) without a copy ; but it 's still the preferred method ( and recommended by the Law Society ) to lodge with the original transfer a certified copy , when the copy will be returned with the new land certificate .
if a " rule 72 " [give] of unregistered land is used , the registry only requires the original document to be lodged ( except when fresh restrictive covenants are imposed ) without a copy ; but it 's still the preferred method ( and recommended by the law society ) to lodge with the original [give] a certified copy , when the copy will be returned with the new land certificate .

Remember that whenever either a conveyance , lease or transfer defines the land by reference to a plan attached to the document , the plan must be signed ( sealed and attested by director and secretary in the case of a company ) by all parties — except that the conveyancer for buyers can sign on their behalf if they state the capacity in which they sign it : `` solicitor for the transferee . ``
remember that whenever either a conveyance , lease or [give] defines the land by reference to a plan attached to the document , the plan must be signed ( sealed and attested by director and secretary in the case of a company ) by all parties — except that the conveyancer for buyers can sign on their behalf if they state the capacity in which they sign it : `` solicitor for the transferee . ``

When , as conveyancers for a buyer , you send the engrossment of the conveyance , lease or transfer to the other side for execution , it 's wise to remind them to have the plan signed ( or sealed , as the case may be ) by the seller — and even then it 's remarkable how often the requirement can be overlooked .
when , as conveyancers for a buyer , you send the engrossment of the conveyance , lease or [give] to the other side for execution , it 's wise to remind them to have the plan signed ( or sealed , as the case may be ) by the seller — and even then it 's remarkable how often the requirement can be overlooked .

But it 's vital , because , as mentioned above , a seller 's conveyancer ( unlike a buyer 's ) ca n't sign on behalf of his or her client ; and if on completion , checking the execution of a transfer on behalf of the buyer , you find this requirement has not been observed , you should refuse to complete until it has .
but it 's vital , because , as mentioned above , a seller 's conveyancer ( unlike a buyer 's ) ca n't sign on behalf of his or her client ; and if on completion , checking the execution of a [give] on behalf of the buyer , you find this requirement has not been observed , you should refuse to complete until it has .

In the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the Registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the Registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .
in the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the [give] containing them is retained in the registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .

When you act for buyers who intend that a leasehold interest shall merge in the freehold ( leaseholders buying the freehold reversion on their lease , or freeholders buying the lease to which their title is subject ) it 's convenient to express the intention to merge in the transfer or other instrument vesting the second estate in the owner of the first if this is intended , but beware of such an application in the case of a flat — if , for example , your client owns a leasehold flat and buys the freehold of the whole building in which it is situate .
when you act for buyers who intend that a leasehold interest shall merge in the freehold ( leaseholders buying the freehold reversion on their lease , or freeholders buying the lease to which their title is subject ) it 's convenient to express the intention to merge in the [give] or other instrument vesting the second estate in the owner of the first if this is intended , but beware of such an application in the case of a flat — if , for example , your client owns a leasehold flat and buys the freehold of the whole building in which it is situate .

It is best to obtain a complete set of office copies , to include any transfer deed that may be filed at the Land Registry and a copy of the filed plan .
it is best to obtain a complete set of office copies , to include any [give] deed that may be filed at the land registry and a copy of the filed plan .

With the object of saving both delay and waste of time spent on unnecessary letters , in cases where buyers send the draft transfer with their requisitions ( the buyer 's package ) this should be approved and returned with your replies .
with the object of saving both delay and waste of time spent on unnecessary letters , in cases where buyers send the draft [give] with their requisitions ( the buyer 's package ) this should be approved and returned with your replies .

8 . Preparation of transfer
8 . preparation of [give]

Almost every transaction can now be completed by the use of a transfer deed , and this means that the use and the art of preparing a conveyance deed will slowly become obsolete over the next few years .
almost every transaction can now be completed by the use of a [give] deed , and this means that the use and the art of preparing a conveyance deed will slowly become obsolete over the next few years .

The most simple and straightforward situation is where land is already registered , and in nine times out of ten , a simple pro forma transfer deed can be used to effect the transfer of the interest , whether it be freehold or leasehold .
the most simple and straightforward situation is where land is already registered , and in nine times out of ten , a simple pro forma [give] deed can be used to effect the [give] of the interest , whether it be freehold or leasehold .

The standard form of transfer simply requires the conveyancer to insert the county and district , the title number , the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties to the transaction and any special provisions that might be appropriate should new restrictive covenants be proposed , or should the purchase be a joint purchase .
the standard form of [give] simply requires the conveyancer to insert the county and district , the title number , the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties to the transaction and any special provisions that might be appropriate should new restrictive covenants be proposed , or should the purchase be a joint purchase .

If the land is unregistered , then it is now common practice to use what is called a " Rule 72 Transfer " .
if the land is unregistered , then it is now common practice to use what is called a " rule 72 [give] " .

Again , a Rule 72 Transfer is equally applicable as between a leasehold or freehold property .
again , a rule 72 [give] is equally applicable as between a leasehold or freehold property .

In the case of a simple transfer , the document is still produced in duplicate and submitted to the seller 's conveyancer for approval .
in the case of a simple [give] , the document is still produced in duplicate and submitted to the seller 's conveyancer for approval .

The buyers should sign the transfer deed before the sellers , but if this is not achieved because of shortage of time , it is again becoming increasingly common practice for the buyers to sign after completion .
the buyers should sign the [give] deed before the sellers , but if this is not achieved because of shortage of time , it is again becoming increasingly common practice for the buyers to sign after completion .

If you are acting for a mortgagee as well as for a buyer or borrower , then you prepare the mortgage deed at the same time as the transfer deed .
if you are acting for a mortgagee as well as for a buyer or borrower , then you prepare the mortgage deed at the same time as the [give] deed .

In preparing a transfer deed , it is important to check whether the buyers are to hold the property in trust for themselves as joint tenants or as tenants in common .
in preparing a [give] deed , it is important to check whether the buyers are to hold the property in trust for themselves as joint tenants or as tenants in common .

( b ) Registered title Clearly , upon the completion of the purchase of a registered title , the main task is to collect the charge or land certificate of the seller , together with a signed transfer deed .
( b ) registered title clearly , upon the completion of the purchase of a registered title , the main task is to collect the charge or land certificate of the seller , together with a signed [give] deed .

Since you will hold the seller 's share certificate until you hand it over to the buyer on completion together with a transfer of it to the buyer , it 's for you to prepare the transfer , unless you send the certificate to the buyer 's conveyancers for them to prepare the transfer .
since you will hold the seller 's share certificate until you hand it over to the buyer on completion together with a [give] of it to the buyer , it 's for you to prepare the [give] , unless you send the certificate to the buyer 's conveyancers for them to prepare the [give] .

In due course the transfer ( or in the case of a mortgagor , the mortgage ) , and possibly other documents as well , must be signed by the seller .
in due course the [give] ( or in the case of a mortgagor , the mortgage ) , and possibly other documents as well , must be signed by the seller .

If necessary you can , of course , send the transfer or the documents by post to your client for signing , and if you do , you can enclose the printed directions , which can be bought from your law stationers as to how to do this , or describe this yourself .
if necessary you can , of course , send the [give] or the documents by post to your client for signing , and if you do , you can enclose the printed directions , which can be bought from your law stationers as to how to do this , or describe this yourself .

Note that when you are acting for a seller of registered land ( unlike unregistered ) , the plan attached to the transfer must be signed by the seller alone , and not by the seller 's agent — not even by the seller 's conveyancer as you can for a buyer .
note that when you are acting for a seller of registered land ( unlike unregistered ) , the plan attached to the [give] must be signed by the seller alone , and not by the seller 's agent — not even by the seller 's conveyancer as you can for a buyer .

In a simple case of the sale of registered land ( such as transfer of whole ) it 's common now to assume that your draft will be acceptable without alteration , and therefore to type the top copy on an engrossment print , and to invite the buyer to use this as the engrossment .
in a simple case of the sale of registered land ( such as [give] of whole ) it 's common now to assume that your draft will be acceptable without alteration , and therefore to type the top copy on an engrossment print , and to invite the buyer to use this as the engrossment .

But make a full copy if the transfer is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it contains restrictions or a grant or reservation of easements .
but make a full copy if the [give] is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it contains restrictions or a grant or reservation of easements .

Sometimes , the mortgage advance will be sent by cheque and on other occasions it may be sent by telegraphic transfer .
sometimes , the mortgage advance will be sent by cheque and on other occasions it may be sent by telegraphic [give] .

In either case collect the transfer deed duly executed by the seller .
in either case collect the [give] deed duly executed by the seller .

( b ) Registered land You will be expected to collect the land or charge certificate together with the duly signed transfer .
( b ) registered land you will be expected to collect the land or charge certificate together with the duly signed [give] .

If part of the price is attributed to chattels such as a lawn mower or curtains , or carpets , then the seller may be asked to sign a separate form of receipt to indicate the sum of money received in order to transfer ownership of the items concerned .
if part of the price is attributed to chattels such as a lawn mower or curtains , or carpets , then the seller may be asked to sign a separate form of receipt to indicate the sum of money received in order to [give] ownership of the items concerned .

In such a case , either you , or the seller 's conveyancer will need to prepare a transfer of the share .
in such a case , either you , or the seller 's conveyancer will need to prepare a [give] of the share .

Both the transfer and the original share certificate should be handed over on completion , and subsequently registered with the secretary of the company .
both the [give] and the original share certificate should be handed over on completion , and subsequently registered with the secretary of the company .

The buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .
the buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the [give] or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .

Even when there are no covenants by a buyer , if the purchase is in joint names execution by the buyers is necessary to commit them to the terms on which they hold the property as set out in the transfer .
even when there are no covenants by a buyer , if the purchase is in joint names execution by the buyers is necessary to commit them to the terms on which they hold the property as set out in the [give] .

When the buyer calls to sign the transfer or lease , see that any mortgage or other document requiring a signature ( such as an undertaking to a building society to carry out specified repairs ) is engrossed and ready for execution at the same time , to avoid unnecessary attendances ; and if you wish , you can let your client sign any undertakings as to outgoings instead of doing so on your client 's behalf ( Chapter 7 , head 2 ( c ) ) .
when the buyer calls to sign the [give] or lease , see that any mortgage or other document requiring a signature ( such as an undertaking to a building society to carry out specified repairs ) is engrossed and ready for execution at the same time , to avoid unnecessary attendances ; and if you wish , you can let your client sign any undertakings as to outgoings instead of doing so on your client 's behalf ( chapter 7 , head 2 ( c ) ) .

In the case of a transfer of registered land the plan is rarely drawn on it and must be signed by the buyer or by the buyer 's conveyancer .
in the case of a [give] of registered land the plan is rarely drawn on it and must be signed by the buyer or by the buyer 's conveyancer .

So get this search off about a week before completion — you 'll still have plenty of time to stamp and register your transfer within the period of priority .
so get this search off about a week before completion — you 'll still have plenty of time to stamp and register your [give] within the period of priority .

If for any reason you fail to register the transfer , etc , within the period of priority , you may apply for one ( no more ) fresh certificate .
if for any reason you fail to register the [give] , etc , within the period of priority , you may apply for one ( no more ) fresh certificate .

Note that to retain protection , the transfer , etc , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the Land Charges Register .
note that to retain protection , the [give] , etc , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the land charges register .

If this is the aim it will , by the agreement of transfer , be necessary to specify that the transferor will not further use or disclose the information himself , otherwise the transferee will simply be one further person who is aware of the information .
if this is the aim it will , by the agreement of [give] , be necessary to specify that the transferor will not further use or disclose the information himself , otherwise the transferee will simply be one further person who is aware of the information .

The right of the transferee to sue , in his own name , persons who used information obtained from the transferor in breach of confidence before the date of the transfer is not clearly established .
the right of the transferee to sue , in his own name , persons who used information obtained from the transferor in breach of confidence before the date of the [give] is not clearly established .

Any well-drafted transfer will therefore provide for the transfer of the right to sue for such breaches .
any well-drafted [give] will therefore provide for the [give] of the right to sue for such breaches .

( 5 ) Where under a contract of sale the transfer of the property in the goods is to take place at a future time or subject to some condition later to be fulfilled the contract is called an agreement to sell .
( 5 ) where under a contract of sale the [give] of the property in the goods is to take place at a future time or subject to some condition later to be fulfilled the contract is called an agreement to sell .

( 4 ) Because the essence of a bailment is the transfer of possession , the hiring with its obligation to pay rent does not commence until delivery and the bailee is under a prima facie duty to return the goods when the agreement comes to an end ( see Chapter 13 ) .
( 4 ) because the essence of a bailment is the [give] of possession , the hiring with its obligation to pay rent does not commence until delivery and the bailee is under a prima facie duty to return the goods when the agreement comes to an end ( see chapter 13 ) .

Nominated care district judges can : ( a ) transfer cases up to the High Court following transfer from the family proceedings court ; ( b ) consider `` appeals `` against a justices ' clerk 's refusal to transfer a case ; ( c ) make emergency protection orders in proceedings issued in the county court or transferred up from the family proceedings court ; ( d ) give directions and make uncontested public law orders ; ( e ) make some public law orders in contested cases , eg education supervision orders .
nominated care district judges can : ( a ) [give] cases up to the high court following [give] from the family proceedings court ; ( b ) consider `` appeals `` against a justices ' clerk 's refusal to [give] a case ; ( c ) make emergency protection orders in proceedings issued in the county court or transferred up from the family proceedings court ; ( d ) give directions and make uncontested public law orders ; ( e ) make some public law orders in contested cases , eg education supervision orders .

6 Transfer of proceedings
6 [give] of proceedings

When considering transfer the court must have regard to the general principle in s1 ( 2 ) that any delay in determining matters is likely to prejudice the welfare of the child .
when considering [give] the court must have regard to the general principle in s1 ( 2 ) that any delay in determining matters is likely to prejudice the welfare of the child .

The court may therefore refuse to transfer a case , even where the relevant criteria are met , if this would unduly delay the proceedings to the child 's detriment .
the court may therefore refuse to [give] a case , even where the relevant criteria are met , if this would unduly delay the proceedings to the child 's detriment .

Transfer may be justified in the child 's interests , for example , where it would enable the case to be heard in a court closer to the child 's home .
[give] may be justified in the child 's interests , for example , where it would enable the case to be heard in a court closer to the child 's home .

The question of transfer will usually be considered by the clerk immediately after an application is filed .
the question of [give] will usually be considered by the clerk immediately after an application is filed .

Article 7 ( 1 ) ( c ) militates against transfer upwards to avoid delay .
article 7 ( 1 ) ( c ) militates against [give] upwards to avoid delay .

It prevents proceedings being transferred for this reason unless it can be shown that no other method , including transfer to another magistrates ' court , is appropriate and that delay would seriously prejudice the child 's interests .
it prevents proceedings being transferred for this reason unless it can be shown that no other method , including [give] to another magistrates ' court , is appropriate and that delay would seriously prejudice the child 's interests .

This list is not exhaustive and it is always open to a party seeking transfer to satisfy the court that the case is exceptionally grave , important or complex for other reasons .
this list is not exhaustive and it is always open to a party seeking [give] to satisfy the court that the case is exceptionally grave , important or complex for other reasons .

If a request for transfer is refused the applicant can ask the appropriate county court care centre to review the decision and the application may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .
if a request for [give] is refused the applicant can ask the appropriate county court care centre to review the decision and the application may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .

Note that there is no power to transfer cases from the magistrates ' court direct to the High Court .
note that there is no power to [give] cases from the magistrates ' court direct to the high court .

Particular matters to be addressed by directions are : ( a ) the timetabling of the case ; ( b ) the need to vary any time limits imposed by the rules ; ( c ) the attendance of the child ; ( d ) the appointment of a guardian ad litem ; ( e ) the appointment of a solicitor ; ( f ) the service of documents ; ( g ) the submission of evidence including expert reports ; ( h ) the preparation of welfare reports ; ( i ) the transfer of proceedings ; ( j ) consolidation with other proceedings .
particular matters to be addressed by directions are : ( a ) the timetabling of the case ; ( b ) the need to vary any time limits imposed by the rules ; ( c ) the attendance of the child ; ( d ) the appointment of a guardian ad litem ; ( e ) the appointment of a solicitor ; ( f ) the service of documents ; ( g ) the submission of evidence including expert reports ; ( h ) the preparation of welfare reports ; ( i ) the [give] of proceedings ; ( j ) consolidation with other proceedings .

The criteria for transfer are discussed in Chapter 4 .
the criteria for [give] are discussed in chapter 4 .

Where transfer is indicated on other grounds it may be denied if this would cause undue delay which would be prejudicial to the child .
where [give] is indicated on other grounds it may be denied if this would cause undue delay which would be prejudicial to the child .

Taxes Act 1988 , s739(1) states that the section is enacted : … for the purpose of preventing the avoiding by individuals ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom of liability to income tax by means of transfer of assets by virtue or in consequence of which , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , income becomes payable to persons resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom .
taxes act 1988 , s739(1) states that the section is enacted : … for the purpose of preventing the avoiding by individuals ordinarily resident in the united kingdom of liability to income tax by means of [give] of assets by virtue or in consequence of which , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , income becomes payable to persons resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom .

Section 739 ( 2 ) reads as follows : Where by virtue or in consequence of any such transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , such an individual has , within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether forthwith or in the future , any income of a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom which , if it were income of that individual received by him in the United Kingdom … would be chargeable to income tax by deduction or otherwise , that income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
section 739 ( 2 ) reads as follows : where by virtue or in consequence of any such [give] , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , such an individual has , within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether forthwith or in the future , any income of a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom which , if it were income of that individual received by him in the united kingdom … would be chargeable to income tax by deduction or otherwise , that income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the income tax acts .

The words `` such transfer `` refer to the transfer of assets mentioned in s739 ( 1 ) .
the words `` such [give] `` refer to the [give] of assets mentioned in s739 ( 1 ) .

Section 742 ( 9 ) ( b ) defines `` assets `` to include property or rights of any kind , and `` transfer `` in relation to rights shall include the creation of those rights .
section 742 ( 9 ) ( b ) defines `` assets `` to include property or rights of any kind , and `` [give] `` in relation to rights shall include the creation of those rights .

" Where by virtue or in consequence of any such transfer "
" where by virtue or in consequence of any such [give] "

If the relevant transfer of assets comprises a transfer from one country outside the United Kingdom to another country outside the United Kingdom , the requirement as to the `` transfer of assets `` in s739 is satisfied .
if the relevant [give] of assets comprises a [give] from one country outside the united kingdom to another country outside the united kingdom , the requirement as to the `` [give] of assets `` in s739 is satisfied .

The provision and s740 do not just apply to cases where there is a transfer of an asset from the United Kingdom to a place outside the United Kingdom .
the provision and s740 do not just apply to cases where there is a [give] of an asset from the united kingdom to a place outside the united kingdom .

It is only necessary that as a result of the transfer of assets income becomes payable to a person who is domiciled or resident outside the United Kingdom .
it is only necessary that as a result of the [give] of assets income becomes payable to a person who is domiciled or resident outside the united kingdom .

The income arising overseas with respect to the transfer of the asset would not be chargeable until the individual becomes ordinarily resident ( and resident ) in the United Kingdom and until such time as the Revenue can say that had the income been received by the individual in the United Kingdom it would have been chargeable to income tax .
the income arising overseas with respect to the [give] of the asset would not be chargeable until the individual becomes ordinarily resident ( and resident ) in the united kingdom and until such time as the revenue can say that had the income been received by the individual in the united kingdom it would have been chargeable to income tax .

In the Herdman case the taxpayer argued that s739 could not apply if the taxpayer was not ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom when he made the relevant transfer .
in the herdman case the taxpayer argued that s739 could not apply if the taxpayer was not ordinarily resident in the united kingdom when he made the relevant [give] .

Lord Wilberforce considered ( at pp986 and 987 ) that there were two possible interpretations to the section : The first is to regard it as having a limited effect ; to be directed against persons who transfer assets abroad ; who by means of such transfers avoid tax , and who yet manage when resident in the United Kingdom to obtain or to be in a position to obtain benefits from those assets .
lord wilberforce considered ( at pp986 and 987 ) that there were two possible interpretations to the section : the first is to regard it as having a limited effect ; to be directed against persons who [give] assets abroad ; who by means of such transfers avoid tax , and who yet manage when resident in the united kingdom to obtain or to be in a position to obtain benefits from those assets .

Capital sums `` — section 739 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) states : ( 3 ) Where , whether before or after any such transfer , such an individual receives or is entitled to receive any capital sum the payment of which is in any way connected with the transfer or any associated operation , any income which , by virtue or in consequence of the transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , has become the income of a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
capital sums `` — section 739 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) states : ( 3 ) where , whether before or after any such [give] , such an individual receives or is entitled to receive any capital sum the payment of which is in any way connected with the [give] or any associated operation , any income which , by virtue or in consequence of the [give] , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , has become the income of a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the income tax acts .

Taxes Act 1988 , s740 has effect where there is a transfer of assets , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , and income becomes payable to a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom .
taxes act 1988 , s740 has effect where there is a [give] of assets , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , and income becomes payable to a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom .

The receipt of the benefit referred to must be out of the assets which are available for the purpose by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or of any associated operations .
the receipt of the benefit referred to must be out of the assets which are available for the purpose by virtue or in consequence of the [give] or of any associated operations .

Relevant income for any year of assessment , in relation to an individual is any income which arises in that year to a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom and which by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or associated operations referred to in the main charging provision — s740 — can directly or indirectly be used for providing a benefit for the individual or for enabling a benefit to be provided for him .
relevant income for any year of assessment , in relation to an individual is any income which arises in that year to a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom and which by virtue or in consequence of the [give] or associated operations referred to in the main charging provision — s740 — can directly or indirectly be used for providing a benefit for the individual or for enabling a benefit to be provided for him .

Inheritance tax is charged on the value transferred by a chargeable transfer .
inheritance tax is charged on the value transferred by a chargeable [give] .

Where a transfer of value is made by associated operations carried out at different times it shall be treated as made at the time of the last of them .
where a [give] of value is made by associated operations carried out at different times it shall be treated as made at the time of the last of them .

The new rules apply with respect to a transfer of value and other events occurring after 9 March 1992 .
the new rules apply with respect to a [give] of value and other events occurring after 9 march 1992 .

It is clear that a gift can amount to a potentially exempt transfer if it is an outright gift to an individual or it is a gift to an accumulation and maintenance trust or indeed it is a gift to a trust under which the beneficiary has an interest in possession .
it is clear that a gift can amount to a potentially exempt [give] if it is an outright gift to an individual or it is a gift to an accumulation and maintenance trust or indeed it is a gift to a trust under which the beneficiary has an interest in possession .

For example , if a trade is wrongly allocated , it may be necessary to transfer it to the correct account .
for example , if a trade is wrongly allocated , it may be necessary to [give] it to the correct account .

Or a trade may be used not to do new business , but to transfer a credit balance between accounts .
or a trade may be used not to do new business , but to [give] a credit balance between accounts .

If you have trainee solicitors doing personal injury cases then transfer every 6 – 12 months is inevitable .
if you have trainee solicitors doing personal injury cases then [give] every 6 – 12 months is inevitable .

Consider whether any cases need continuity and transfer these to a permanent member of the team .
consider whether any cases need continuity and [give] these to a permanent member of the team .

One feature of the basic nematode life cycle is that immediate transfer of infection from one final host to another rarely occurs .
one feature of the basic nematode life cycle is that immediate [give] of infection from one final host to another rarely occurs .

Would you like me to transfer it through to here ?
would you like me to [give] it through to here ?

As the ship resumed its normal course , Lindsey made her way to her cabin , her mind still buzzing with what had been a well handled and straightforward transfer from ship to shore .
as the ship resumed its normal course , lindsey made her way to her cabin , her mind still buzzing with what had been a well handled and straightforward [give] from ship to shore .

To some extent there was an unwarranted transfer of European analogies to the British situation .
to some extent there was an unwarranted [give] of european analogies to the british situation .

If used constructively , instructional programs can be very effective but they can be very boring if they are used merely to transfer work to the microcomputer which would be better carried out in the traditional manner .
if used constructively , instructional programs can be very effective but they can be very boring if they are used merely to [give] work to the microcomputer which would be better carried out in the traditional manner .

The first edition of this book assumed a conveyance or transfer of the matrimonial home following a court order or agreement in matrimonial proceedings .
the first edition of this book assumed a conveyance or [give] of the matrimonial home following a court order or agreement in matrimonial proceedings .

This chapter touches on various points of which the practitioner should be aware , which may usefully serve as a reminder of items to be considered outside the drafting of the conveyance or transfer itself .
this chapter touches on various points of which the practitioner should be aware , which may usefully serve as a reminder of items to be considered outside the drafting of the conveyance or [give] itself .

In practice , therefore , where a mortgage affects the property the mortgagee will be a party to the conveyance or transfer .
in practice , therefore , where a mortgage affects the property the mortgagee will be a party to the conveyance or [give] .

Some mortgagees have standard clauses that they require to be inserted in the conveyance or transfer of the property charged in their favour and some mortgagees require to approve the draft document , whilst others ( for instance , the Halifax Building Society ) delegate the task of drafting to the mortgagee 's solicitor with a few suggested ( but by no means mandatory ) clauses .
some mortgagees have standard clauses that they require to be inserted in the conveyance or [give] of the property charged in their favour and some mortgagees require to approve the draft document , whilst others ( for instance , the halifax building society ) delegate the task of drafting to the mortgagee 's solicitor with a few suggested ( but by no means mandatory ) clauses .

It is difficult to say whether or not a transfer of a house by the husband to the wife in , for instance , a `` clean break `` is `` less in money or money 's worth than the value in money or money 's worth of the consideration provided `` ( s339 ( 3 ) ( c ) ) so there is always a risk that a conveyance or transfer following the court order or agreement may be attacked by a husband 's trustee in bankruptcy and the wife can not be absolutely safe until the five year period has expired .
it is difficult to say whether or not a [give] of a house by the husband to the wife in , for instance , a `` clean break `` is `` less in money or money 's worth than the value in money or money 's worth of the consideration provided `` ( s339 ( 3 ) ( c ) ) so there is always a risk that a conveyance or [give] following the court order or agreement may be attacked by a husband 's trustee in bankruptcy and the wife can not be absolutely safe until the five year period has expired .

There is nothing in the Act to confer immunity on a conveyance or transfer carried out to comply with a court order , but the existence of the wife 's right to financial relief against her husband may provide sufficient value to prevent the transaction being at an undervalue within the context of the Insolvency Act 1986 ( see Berry and Bailey , Bankruptcy Law and Practice Butterworths 1987 , p294 ) .
there is nothing in the act to confer immunity on a conveyance or [give] carried out to comply with a court order , but the existence of the wife 's right to financial relief against her husband may provide sufficient value to prevent the transaction being at an undervalue within the context of the insolvency act 1986 ( see berry and bailey , bankruptcy law and practice butterworths 1987 , p294 ) .

It was thought that amending legislation would be introduced ( Practical Lawyer , June 1990 , p11 ) but until it is , in addition to the risk of the conveyance or transfer with respect to the matrimonial home being set aside , the wife may find it difficult to sell the property ( although the Law Society takes the view that there is `` very little risk that a Court would exercise its powers to deprive an innocent owner of his title . ``
it was thought that amending legislation would be introduced ( practical lawyer , june 1990 , p11 ) but until it is , in addition to the risk of the conveyance or [give] with respect to the matrimonial home being set aside , the wife may find it difficult to sell the property ( although the law society takes the view that there is `` very little risk that a court would exercise its powers to deprive an innocent owner of his title . ``

There is the further difficulty that mortgagees , in circumstances where there might have been a conveyance or transfer at less than full consideration ( whatever that is in a matrimonial context ) , are requiring indemnity insurance to protect the mortgagee for an amount equal to the advance ( see Halifax Building Society practice notes 1992 paras 22 and 25 ) .
there is the further difficulty that mortgagees , in circumstances where there might have been a conveyance or [give] at less than full consideration ( whatever that is in a matrimonial context ) , are requiring indemnity insurance to protect the mortgagee for an amount equal to the advance ( see halifax building society practice notes 1992 paras 22 and 25 ) .

9 Protection of the wife 's position before completion of conveyance to her or lodging of transfer for registration
9 protection of the wife 's position before completion of conveyance to her or lodging of [give] for registration

Thus an order of the court that a former council house or New Town Development House be transferred to one party of the marriage will not necessitate at the time of the transfer repayment of the discount or any part of it allowable at the time of purchase .
thus an order of the court that a former council house or new town development house be transferred to one party of the marriage will not necessitate at the time of the [give] repayment of the discount or any part of it allowable at the time of purchase .

The practitioner acting for the husband should consider the tax effect of any transfer of the matrimonial home , or interest therein , to the other party to the marriage , and upon whom the burden of any taxation is to fall .
the practitioner acting for the husband should consider the tax effect of any [give] of the matrimonial home , or interest therein , to the other party to the marriage , and upon whom the burden of any taxation is to fall .

The contents of this chapter can not describe the tax position on each transfer ; they can only draw attention to the possible heads of charge and reliefs available in respect of each of them .
the contents of this chapter can not describe the tax position on each [give] ; they can only draw attention to the possible heads of charge and reliefs available in respect of each of them .

Prima facie , therefore , a charge to capital gains tax will arise on any transfer by the husband to the wife of the former matrimonial home or of his share or interest in it .
prima facie , therefore , a charge to capital gains tax will arise on any [give] by the husband to the wife of the former matrimonial home or of his share or interest in it .

( b ) Only or main residence Relief from any liability to capital gains tax on any transfer should be available in most cases because the former matrimonial home will have been the only or main residence of both the husband and the wife .
( b ) only or main residence relief from any liability to capital gains tax on any [give] should be available in most cases because the former matrimonial home will have been the only or main residence of both the husband and the wife .

It is clear therefore that a sale of the former matrimonial home within 36 months of the husband leaving it , or a transfer of his interest in it to the wife within that period , will not incur any charge to capital gains tax .
it is clear therefore that a sale of the former matrimonial home within 36 months of the husband leaving it , or a [give] of his interest in it to the wife within that period , will not incur any charge to capital gains tax .

It will be otherwise if a sale or transfer takes place when the husband left the home at least 36 months ago or the husband has acquired another residence .
it will be otherwise if a sale or [give] takes place when the husband left the home at least 36 months ago or the husband has acquired another residence .

The wording of the concession would seem to suggest that if the husband moves out of the matrimonial home and makes no election that his new home is his main residence then he need do nothing further , since on any subsequent transfer of the former matrimonial home to his former wife the principal private dwelling house exemption will be available ( provided she has continued to live there ) .
the wording of the concession would seem to suggest that if the husband moves out of the matrimonial home and makes no election that his new home is his main residence then he need do nothing further , since on any subsequent [give] of the former matrimonial home to his former wife the principal private dwelling house exemption will be available ( provided she has continued to live there ) .

In practice a great deal of discretion is exercised by the Revenue with regard to this section , but to avoid an unexpected tax liability in relation to the transfer by the husband of the former matrimonial home to the wife the husband is well advised to consider making his election within the two-year period .
in practice a great deal of discretion is exercised by the revenue with regard to this section , but to avoid an unexpected tax liability in relation to the [give] by the husband of the former matrimonial home to the wife the husband is well advised to consider making his election within the two-year period .

If both husband and wife are domiciled in the United Kingdom , any transfer of assets between them is exempt from any charge to inheritance tax ( Inheritance Tax Act 1984 , s18 ( 1 ) formerly the Capital Transfer Tax Act 1984 ) .
if both husband and wife are domiciled in the united kingdom , any [give] of assets between them is exempt from any charge to inheritance tax ( inheritance tax act 1984 , s18 ( 1 ) formerly the capital [give] tax act 1984 ) .

Further , a disposition between the separated spouses will rank as a transfer between the spouses ; so that the exemption is still available , as there is no requirement ( in contrast to the capital gains tax legislationsee p16 ) that the spouses shall be living together .
further , a disposition between the separated spouses will rank as a [give] between the spouses ; so that the exemption is still available , as there is no requirement ( in contrast to the capital gains tax legislationsee p16 ) that the spouses shall be living together .

Once the marriage is dissolved , prima facie there is a charge to inheritance tax on a transfer of property between husband and wife unless the disposition is not intended to confer gratuitous benefit on either person and is made between persons not connected with each other ( Inheritance Tax Act 1984 , s10 ( 1 ) ) .
once the marriage is dissolved , prima facie there is a charge to inheritance tax on a [give] of property between husband and wife unless the disposition is not intended to confer gratuitous benefit on either person and is made between persons not connected with each other ( inheritance tax act 1984 , s10 ( 1 ) ) .

It will be recalled that all transfers of property ordered by the court take effect only after the decree absolute ( Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 , s24 ( 3 ) ) , at which time the exemption relating to a transfer between husband and wife is not applicable .
it will be recalled that all transfers of property ordered by the court take effect only after the decree absolute ( matrimonial causes act 1973 , s24 ( 3 ) ) , at which time the exemption relating to a [give] between husband and wife is not applicable .

Similarly , a transfer of mortgaged property from joint names to one name alone is likely to incur a liability for stamp duty , although the Revenue 's practice would be to charge duty on the proportion of debt assumed by the transferee ( usually one half ) .
similarly , a [give] of mortgaged property from joint names to one name alone is likely to incur a liability for stamp duty , although the revenue 's practice would be to charge duty on the proportion of debt assumed by the transferee ( usually one half ) .

( vi ) Conveyance or transfer by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration Although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the Regulations and provided that it is a conveyance or transfer of property operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the Stamp Act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt etc ) .
( vi ) conveyance or [give] by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the regulations and provided that it is a conveyance or [give] of property operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the stamp act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt etc ) .

The court may order the husband to convey or transfer the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : It is ordered that the Respondent shall transfer as beneficial owner to the Petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this Order the property at 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre .
the court may order the husband to convey or [give] the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : it is ordered that the respondent shall [give] as beneficial owner to the petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this order the property at 1 blackacre drive , blackacre .

Following the receipt of the epitome of title or office copy entries , the wife 's solicitors will submit a draft conveyance or transfer to the husband 's solicitors and engross the same after approval .
following the receipt of the epitome of title or office copy entries , the wife 's solicitors will submit a draft conveyance or [give] to the husband 's solicitors and engross the same after approval .

If a more than reasonable time has elapsed since the engrossed conveyance or transfer was submitted for execution by the husband , then the steps set out in Chapter 8 are a guide as to the procedure to be followed before application is made to the court asking the court to execute the conveyance or transfer on behalf of the husband .
if a more than reasonable time has elapsed since the engrossed conveyance or [give] was submitted for execution by the husband , then the steps set out in chapter 8 are a guide as to the procedure to be followed before application is made to the court asking the court to execute the conveyance or [give] on behalf of the husband .

Should any question arise , however , the Registrar has a discretion ( under Land Registration Rules 1925 , r290 ( 1 ) ) to allow inspection of the filed transfer and it is understood that such discretion would be exercised if any difficulty could be resolved by production of the filed transfer .
should any question arise , however , the registrar has a discretion ( under land registration rules 1925 , r290 ( 1 ) ) to allow inspection of the filed [give] and it is understood that such discretion would be exercised if any difficulty could be resolved by production of the filed [give] .

In respect of registered leaseholds s24 of the Land Registration Act 1925 implies on a transfer similar covenants to those in unregistered conveyancing , namely that the transferor has paid the rent and observed and performed the covenants of the lease and that the transferee will pay future rent , observe and perform the leasehold covenants and keep the transferor indemnified in respect thereof .
in respect of registered leaseholds s24 of the land registration act 1925 implies on a [give] similar covenants to those in unregistered conveyancing , namely that the transferor has paid the rent and observed and performed the covenants of the lease and that the transferee will pay future rent , observe and perform the leasehold covenants and keep the transferor indemnified in respect thereof .

In order that the transferor be relieved from liability in respect of lack of repair prior to the transfer ( see p32 ) express mention to that effect should be made in the transfer , a copy of which might prudently be retained to avoid asking the registrar to exercise his discretion under r290 above .
in order that the transferor be relieved from liability in respect of lack of repair prior to the [give] ( see p32 ) express mention to that effect should be made in the [give] , a copy of which might prudently be retained to avoid asking the registrar to exercise his discretion under r290 above .

( a ) First mortgage only The court may order that : The Respondent shall as beneficial owner transfer to the Petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this Order the property at 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre , subject to the existing mortgage in favour of the Blackacre Building Society .
( a ) first mortgage only the court may order that : the respondent shall as beneficial owner [give] to the petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this order the property at 1 blackacre drive , blackacre , subject to the existing mortgage in favour of the blackacre building society .

It must be remembered that a court can not order a mortgagee to agree to a conveyance or transfer subject to mortgage , nor can it order a mortgagee to release a party from the mortgage covenants .
it must be remembered that a court can not order a mortgagee to agree to a conveyance or [give] subject to mortgage , nor can it order a mortgagee to release a party from the mortgage covenants .

If the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the release of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will specify what clauses it requires in the appropriate conveyance or transfer .
if the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the release of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will specify what clauses it requires in the appropriate conveyance or [give] .

Some mortgagees insist on approving the draft conveyance or transfer and regard must therefore be had to the practice of each mortgagee .
some mortgagees insist on approving the draft conveyance or [give] and regard must therefore be had to the practice of each mortgagee .

If the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .
if the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the [give] will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .

As far as registered land is concerned r110 of the Land Registration Rules 1925 covers the position : On a transfer of land subject to a charge or other incumbrance appearing on the register … covenants by either party to pay the money owing and to indemnify the other party may be added to the instrument of transfer and may be noted on the register .
as far as registered land is concerned r110 of the land registration rules 1925 covers the position : on a [give] of land subject to a charge or other incumbrance appearing on the register … covenants by either party to pay the money owing and to indemnify the other party may be added to the instrument of [give] and may be noted on the register .

Application to this effect should therefore be included in the transfer ( see Precedent 8 ) .
application to this effect should therefore be included in the [give] ( see precedent 8 ) .

The entry will be placed on the Proprietorship Register and will read : Note : The transfer to the proprietor contains a covenant by her with [ Husband ] to pay the monies secured by Charge No 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect thereof .
the entry will be placed on the proprietorship register and will read : note : the [give] to the proprietor contains a covenant by her with [ husband ] to pay the monies secured by charge no 1 and to indemnify him from all claims and demands in respect thereof .

It is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a registered land transfer where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not releasing the husband ) because it can enforce the covenant without being a party ( Chelsea and Walham Green Building Society v Armstrong [ 1951 ] Ch 853 ) .
it is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a registered land [give] where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not releasing the husband ) because it can enforce the covenant without being a party ( chelsea and walham green building society v armstrong [ 1951 ] ch 853 ) .

It is suggested , however , that the building society be joined so that it is specifically aware of the terms of the transfer .
it is suggested , however , that the building society be joined so that it is specifically aware of the terms of the [give] .

As in unregistered conveyancing it is probably advisable that the husband keeps a duplicate or certified copy of the transfer to the wife so that he has a record of the terms of indemnity given to him by the wife .
as in unregistered conveyancing it is probably advisable that the husband keeps a duplicate or certified copy of the [give] to the wife so that he has a record of the terms of indemnity given to him by the wife .

In the first case , the conveyance should be prepared and executed in triplicate ( or there should be examined copies ) so that the original is held by the first mortgagee , the husband has a record of the indemnity and release given and the second mortgagee also has a record of the transfer .
in the first case , the conveyance should be prepared and executed in triplicate ( or there should be examined copies ) so that the original is held by the first mortgagee , the husband has a record of the indemnity and release given and the second mortgagee also has a record of the [give] .

4 Steps to be taken following completion of the conveyance or transfer
4 steps to be taken following completion of the conveyance or [give]

Where in registered land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being retained at the Land Registry .
where in registered land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the [give] containing the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the [give] incorporating the covenant itself being retained at the land registry .

It is simplest to mention the amount of the mortgage debt in the transfer as is done in Precedents 6 , 8 and 10 .
it is simplest to mention the amount of the mortgage debt in the [give] as is done in precedents 6 , 8 and 10 .

The court may order the husband to convey or transfer his interest in the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : It is ordered that the Respondent shall transfer to the Petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this Order all his estate and interest in the property 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre [ subject to the existing Mortgage to the Blackacre Building Society , the Petitioner indemnifying the Respondent against all claims in respect thereof ] .
the court may order the husband to convey or [give] his interest in the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : it is ordered that the respondent shall [give] to the petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this order all his estate and interest in the property 1 blackacre drive , blackacre [ subject to the existing mortgage to the blackacre building society , the petitioner indemnifying the respondent against all claims in respect thereof ] .

Alternatively agreement may be reached between the husband and wife for some monetary payment so that the husband may keep the house in which case the consent order may be : It is ordered that the Respondent shall within 28 days from the date of this Order pay to the Petitioner the sum of £ and It is ordered that on receipt of the said sum of £the Petitioner do transfer all her estate and interest in the property at 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre to the Respondent .
alternatively agreement may be reached between the husband and wife for some monetary payment so that the husband may keep the house in which case the consent order may be : it is ordered that the respondent shall within 28 days from the date of this order pay to the petitioner the sum of £ and it is ordered that on receipt of the said sum of £the petitioner do [give] all her estate and interest in the property at 1 blackacre drive , blackacre to the respondent .

Chapter 6 deals with those cases where the husband is ordered to convey or transfer his interest in the matrimonial home upon certain terms or settle the same upon certain trusts .
chapter 6 deals with those cases where the husband is ordered to convey or [give] his interest in the matrimonial home upon certain terms or settle the same upon certain trusts .

In the case of registered land , sufficient particulars of the title or office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's solicitors to draw a transfer .
in the case of registered land , sufficient particulars of the title or office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's solicitors to draw a [give] .

In such circumstances the wife 's solicitors will draw the conveyance or transfer by reference to the original title deeds in their hands .
in such circumstances the wife 's solicitors will draw the conveyance or [give] by reference to the original title deeds in their hands .

Although the court order may specify a time-limit in which the conveyance or transfer must be completed , this is rarely adhered to .
although the court order may specify a time-limit in which the conveyance or [give] must be completed , this is rarely adhered to .

If an unreasonable time has elapsed and the husband refuses or fails to execute the conveyance or transfer , application can be made to the court ( see Chapter 8 ) .
if an unreasonable time has elapsed and the husband refuses or fails to execute the conveyance or [give] , application can be made to the court ( see chapter 8 ) .

3 Form of conveyance or transfer
3 form of conveyance or [give]

Thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the registered estate can have notice of any trust a release by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to transfer the registered estate , and a transfer from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the appropriate document .
thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the registered estate can have notice of any trust a release by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to [give] the registered estate , and a [give] from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the appropriate document .

Strictly the transfer should contain no reference to the husband 's beneficial interest in the matrimonial home ; this is a minor interest and will disappear with the alteration of the register ( see Key and Elphinstone 's Precedents in Conveyancing , 15th edn , vol 3 , p449 , and Hallett 's Conveyancing Precedents , Sweet and Maxwell , 1965 , p1286 ) .
strictly the [give] should contain no reference to the husband 's beneficial interest in the matrimonial home ; this is a minor interest and will disappear with the alteration of the register ( see key and elphinstone 's precedents in conveyancing , 15th edn , vol 3 , p449 , and hallett 's conveyancing precedents , sweet and maxwell , 1965 , p1286 ) .

As the transfer deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a release off the register by the husband of his equitable interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .
as the [give] deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a release off the register by the husband of his equitable interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .

In practice such a release is rarely prepared , the parties being satisfied with the evidence of the court order and the transfer itself .
in practice such a release is rarely prepared , the parties being satisfied with the evidence of the court order and the [give] itself .

Any purchaser from the wife is not concerned with this , as he is merely interested to check that the wife alone has power to transfer the property to him .
any purchaser from the wife is not concerned with this , as he is merely interested to check that the wife alone has power to [give] the property to him .

Whilst the husband and wife as owners of the legal estate can make a conveyance or transfer as trustees to the wife alone as discussed in the previous section , there seems no good reason , when the husband conveys or releases his beneficial interest to the wife , why she should not receive the benefit of the " beneficial owner " covenants ( see Chapter 3 ) .
whilst the husband and wife as owners of the legal estate can make a conveyance or [give] as trustees to the wife alone as discussed in the previous section , there seems no good reason , when the husband conveys or releases his beneficial interest to the wife , why she should not receive the benefit of the " beneficial owner " covenants ( see chapter 3 ) .

As the beneficial owner covenants are only implied where there is valuable consideration , the covenants ( in the absence of such consideration ) should be expressly incorporated by reference thereto in the conveyance or transfer .
as the beneficial owner covenants are only implied where there is valuable consideration , the covenants ( in the absence of such consideration ) should be expressly incorporated by reference thereto in the conveyance or [give] .

In such case there will be a conveyance or transfer to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage with the husband taking an indemnity in respect thereof from the wife .
in such case there will be a conveyance or [give] to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage with the husband taking an indemnity in respect thereof from the wife .

The advantages of having the conveyance or transfer containing the indemnity executed in duplicate have already been noted ( see Chapter 3 , p35 ) .
the advantages of having the conveyance or [give] containing the indemnity executed in duplicate have already been noted ( see chapter 3 , p35 ) .

This may take place subsequent to the conveyance or transfer to the wife , so that a separate deed of release is required in favour of the husband ( see Precedents 32 and 33 ) .
this may take place subsequent to the conveyance or [give] to the wife , so that a separate deed of release is required in favour of the husband ( see precedents 32 and 33 ) .

It will be appreciated that if the conveyance or transfer is one of sale between the husband and wife as part of the matrimonial settlement , it can be advantageous for the purposes of stamp duty , inheritance tax and land registry fees to recite the amount of the mortgage debt and also to have a valuer 's report .
it will be appreciated that if the conveyance or [give] is one of sale between the husband and wife as part of the matrimonial settlement , it can be advantageous for the purposes of stamp duty , inheritance tax and land registry fees to recite the amount of the mortgage debt and also to have a valuer 's report .

6 Steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or transfer
6 steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or [give]

If the court has ordered the husband ( or the husband has agreed ) to convey or transfer his interest in the former matrimonial home to the wife , there is no reason why he should agree , at the request of the wife , to convey or transfer it to herself and her new husband .
if the court has ordered the husband ( or the husband has agreed ) to convey or [give] his interest in the former matrimonial home to the wife , there is no reason why he should agree , at the request of the wife , to convey or [give] it to herself and her new husband .

In the case of registered title , office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's and new husband 's solicitors to draw the relevant transfer .
in the case of registered title , office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's and new husband 's solicitors to draw the relevant [give] .

Unless there is a contract governing the transaction , it is suggested that when the conveyance or transfer has been executed by all parties a completion date should be arranged so that the necessary searches can be made by reference to that date and the matter completed .
unless there is a contract governing the transaction , it is suggested that when the conveyance or [give] has been executed by all parties a completion date should be arranged so that the necessary searches can be made by reference to that date and the matter completed .

3 Form of the conveyance or transfer
3 form of the conveyance or [give]

If the transfer refers to the shares of the tenants in common , it is thought that this is unobjectionable to the registrar , although no note of the shares will appear on the register .
if the [give] refers to the shares of the tenants in common , it is thought that this is unobjectionable to the registrar , although no note of the shares will appear on the register .

The registrar does have a discretion to allow inspection of a filed transfer ( Land Registration Rules 1925 , r290 ( 1 ) ) ; but it is obviously better either to have a duplicate of the transfer or a separate declaration of trust so that exercise of the discretion does not have to be requested .
the registrar does have a discretion to allow inspection of a filed [give] ( land registration rules 1925 , r290 ( 1 ) ) ; but it is obviously better either to have a duplicate of the [give] or a separate declaration of trust so that exercise of the discretion does not have to be requested .

The exact requirements of the mortgagee to be contained in the conveyance or transfer should be ascertained .
the exact requirements of the mortgagee to be contained in the conveyance or [give] should be ascertained .

5 Steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or transfer
5 steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or [give]

Where in registered land a new covenant is given by the new husband to the mortgagee , the mortgagee may require a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant to be lodged with the deeds so that it has a proper record of the liability of the new husband , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being at the Land Registry .
where in registered land a new covenant is given by the new husband to the mortgagee , the mortgagee may require a certified copy of the [give] containing the covenant to be lodged with the deeds so that it has a proper record of the liability of the new husband , the [give] incorporating the covenant itself being at the land registry .

Whilst this type of order is fairly common , it must be appreciated that it has defects as compared with an outright transfer of the matrimonial home to the wife .
whilst this type of order is fairly common , it must be appreciated that it has defects as compared with an outright [give] of the matrimonial home to the wife .

In each case , therefore , the agreement between the parties or the court order should be properly carried into effect by way of a conveyance , severance , transfer or declaration of trust , the form of which is the subject of this chapter .
in each case , therefore , the agreement between the parties or the court order should be properly carried into effect by way of a conveyance , severance , [give] or declaration of trust , the form of which is the subject of this chapter .

It would then be for the wife 's solicitors to draft the relevant conveyance/ transfer and declaration of trust ( as appropriate ) and submit these to the husband 's solicitors .
it would then be for the wife 's solicitors to draft the relevant conveyance/ [give] and declaration of trust ( as appropriate ) and submit these to the husband 's solicitors .

As beneficial owner covenants are only implied where there is valuable consideration , the covenants ( in the absence of such consideration ) should be expressly incorporated by reference thereto in the conveyance or transfer .
as beneficial owner covenants are only implied where there is valuable consideration , the covenants ( in the absence of such consideration ) should be expressly incorporated by reference thereto in the conveyance or [give] .

Secondly , s11 of the Inheritance Tax Act 1984 provides that a disposition is not a transfer for value for inheritance tax if made by one party to the marriage for the maintenance of the other party .
secondly , s11 of the inheritance tax act 1984 provides that a disposition is not a [give] for value for inheritance tax if made by one party to the marriage for the maintenance of the other party .

The husband would appear to be liable to capital gains tax on any increase in value of his share of the former matrimonial home between the date of the transfer into settlement and the date of the deferred sale .
the husband would appear to be liable to capital gains tax on any increase in value of his share of the former matrimonial home between the date of the [give] into settlement and the date of the deferred sale .

5 Form of the conveyance or transfer
5 form of the conveyance or [give]

Therefore , a transfer from the husband to husband and wife `` to hold upon the trusts of a declaration of trust of even date `` may be rejected by the registrar , for its wording puts him on notice of a trust the terms of which he does not know .
therefore , a [give] from the husband to husband and wife `` to hold upon the trusts of a declaration of trust of even date `` may be rejected by the registrar , for its wording puts him on notice of a trust the terms of which he does not know .

8 Steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or transfer and declaration of trust
8 steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or [give] and declaration of trust

It is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .
it is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to [give] the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .

As the wife is `` the acquiring party `` it is appropriate that her solicitors should draw the appropriate conveyance or transfer and the husband 's solicitors should , therefore , deliver a copy of the last conveyance , copies of any covenants affecting the title and copies of all `` sales-off `` or other documents affecting the title since the last conveyance .
as the wife is `` the acquiring party `` it is appropriate that her solicitors should draw the appropriate conveyance or [give] and the husband 's solicitors should , therefore , deliver a copy of the last conveyance , copies of any covenants affecting the title and copies of all `` sales-off `` or other documents affecting the title since the last conveyance .

So far as the transfer of the property or the whole or part of the husband 's share in it to the wife is concerned , the provisions set out in Chapter 2 apply and for the reasons there mentioned there is unlikely to be a liability for capital gains tax or inheritance tax .
so far as the [give] of the property or the whole or part of the husband 's share in it to the wife is concerned , the provisions set out in chapter 2 apply and for the reasons there mentioned there is unlikely to be a liability for capital gains tax or inheritance tax .

4 Form of the conveyance or transfer
4 form of the conveyance or [give]

So far as a transfer to the wife coupled with a deferred charge in favour of the husband is concerned , this should proceed by way of a conveyance/transfer ( see Chapters 3 and 4 ) followed by a separate charge ( see Precedent 62 ) .
so far as a [give] to the wife coupled with a deferred charge in favour of the husband is concerned , this should proceed by way of a conveyance/transfer ( see chapters 3 and 4 ) followed by a separate charge ( see precedent 62 ) .

If the matrimonial home is already subject to a mortgage then the requirements of the mortgagees will have to be ascertained prior to a conveyance or transfer and if , although the house is to remain in joint names , liability for the mortgage payments is to be assumed by one party , an indemnity to the other party will have to be included in the declaration of trust ( see Precedent 54 ) .
if the matrimonial home is already subject to a mortgage then the requirements of the mortgagees will have to be ascertained prior to a conveyance or [give] and if , although the house is to remain in joint names , liability for the mortgage payments is to be assumed by one party , an indemnity to the other party will have to be included in the declaration of trust ( see precedent 54 ) .

6 Steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or transfer
6 steps to be taken following the completion of the conveyance or [give]

If claimed , and provided the transfer is made pursuant to an order of the court , advantage can be taken of Sched 4 , Abatement 2(i) of the Order reducing the fee to one fifth with a minimum fee of £40 .
if claimed , and provided the [give] is made pursuant to an order of the court , advantage can be taken of sched 4 , abatement 2(i) of the order reducing the fee to one fifth with a minimum fee of £40 .

However , where a charge is delivered together with an application to register a transfer involving monetary consideration or before the application is completed , Sched 4 , Abatement 1 , provides that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .
however , where a charge is delivered together with an application to register a [give] involving monetary consideration or before the application is completed , sched 4 , abatement 1 , provides that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .

She was wearing a bright pink tracksuit with a transfer across the front .
she was wearing a bright pink tracksuit with a [give] across the front .

‘ Do you like Michael Jackson , Belinda ? ’ asked Rachel , pointing to the transfer .
‘ do you like michael jackson , belinda ? ’ asked rachel , pointing to the [give] .

Have any of our transfer listed players left ? i.e. Whyte , Shutt , Kerr , Chapman , Fairclough .
have any of our [give] listed players left ? i.e. whyte , shutt , kerr , chapman , fairclough .

Did anyone see in the papers that Shez is asking for a transfer from the Wednesday pigs on account of the pay he 's getting .
did anyone see in the papers that shez is asking for a [give] from the wednesday pigs on account of the pay he 's getting .

The *actual* figure on the transfer papers for Cantona was 1.8 million .
the *actual* figure on the [give] papers for cantona was 1.8 million .

Maybe there 's some truth in the transfer rumours ?
maybe there 's some truth in the [give] rumours ?

Subject : Transfer fees
subject : [give] fees

His shrewdness in the transfer market has meant that approximately 20 million pounds have been spent on incoming ‘ talent ’ and many of those world class players such as Jim Leighton , Mike Phelan , Neil Webb and Danny Wallace have played a crucial part in this seasons triumph .
his shrewdness in the [give] market has meant that approximately 20 million pounds have been spent on incoming ‘ talent ’ and many of those world class players such as jim leighton , mike phelan , neil webb and danny wallace have played a crucial part in this seasons triumph .

Some news on Rocastle 's transfer rumors .
some news on rocastle 's [give] rumors .

If rigorous logic had been followed , no payment at all would have been made for the transfer of development value to the state but this as the Uthwatt Committee had pointed out , would have resulted in considerable hardship in individual cases .
if rigorous logic had been followed , no payment at all would have been made for the [give] of development value to the state but this as the uthwatt committee had pointed out , would have resulted in considerable hardship in individual cases .

The valiant work of the late Robin Best has failed to dispel popular images , yet his figures showed that the annual average transfer of agricultural land to urban land use in England and Wales was only 9,300 hectares between 1975 and 1980 ( compared with 17,500 between 1945 and 1950 , and 25,100 between 1931 and 1939 ) .
the valiant work of the late robin best has failed to dispel popular images , yet his figures showed that the annual average [give] of agricultural land to urban land use in england and wales was only 9,300 hectares between 1975 and 1980 ( compared with 17,500 between 1945 and 1950 , and 25,100 between 1931 and 1939 ) .

Subject : Newsome gets free transfer
subject : newsome gets free [give]

There has been some suggestion that parents are more likely to argue in front of their sons than their daughters ; that a disturbed parent is more likely to pick on a son than a daughter ; and that mothers may transfer negative experiences with their husband into negative expectations of their sons .
there has been some suggestion that parents are more likely to argue in front of their sons than their daughters ; that a disturbed parent is more likely to pick on a son than a daughter ; and that mothers may [give] negative experiences with their husband into negative expectations of their sons .

He recently asked for a transfer though .
he recently asked for a [give] though .

By the way , did anyone ever collate the results of the poll for most lumbering Centre Forward , biggest transfer failure etc .
by the way , did anyone ever collate the results of the poll for most lumbering centre forward , biggest [give] failure etc .

Most undersold transfer We 've had loads but over the long term Seaman has to be the one 245
most undersold [give] we 've had loads but over the long term seaman has to be the one 245

The transfer of David O'Leary was a disaster as seen in him missing injured since the third game and has yet to return to full fitness .
the [give] of david o'leary was a disaster as seen in him missing injured since the third game and has yet to return to full fitness .

The trick is to make the qualification time long enough so that the people who go to a club towards the end of their career and get large transfer bonuses do not qualify , but short enough for the players to feel that they will not have to wait half their lives to get theirs .
the trick is to make the qualification time long enough so that the people who go to a club towards the end of their career and get large [give] bonuses do not qualify , but short enough for the players to feel that they will not have to wait half their lives to get theirs .

But remember a player does not get as much out of it when he requests a transfer .
but remember a player does not get as much out of it when he requests a [give] .

Subject : Transfer news
subject : [give] news

Subject : Re : McAllister transfer ? ? ?
subject : re : mcallister [give] ? ? ?

Subject : Re : McAllister transfer ? ? ?
subject : re : mcallister [give] ? ? ?

Subject : Re : McAllister transfer ? ? ?
subject : re : mcallister [give] ? ? ?

Subject : Re:McAllister transfer
subject : re:mcallister [give]

He hit out at Wilko for the first time ( ‘ is there a law against me and Gorden Strachen playing in the same team ’ ) and admitted that he was unsure of his future at Leeds but will not ask for a transfer .
he hit out at wilko for the first time ( ‘ is there a law against me and gorden strachen playing in the same team ’ ) and admitted that he was unsure of his future at leeds but will not ask for a [give] .

Congratulations to Mr Howard Bloody Wilkinson , not only has he presided over the transfer of David Batty , the sale of the League to the scum but he now seems intent on pissing off Rocky . What the fuck is he doing ?
congratulations to mr howard bloody wilkinson , not only has he presided over the [give] of david batty , the sale of the league to the scum but he now seems intent on pissing off rocky . what the fuck is he doing ?

‘ If Rocastle feels he has no future at Leeds he can obviously ask for a transfer ’
‘ if rocastle feels he has no future at leeds he can obviously ask for a [give] ’

If Rocky asks for a transfer that means no signing on fee with any transfer of course !
if rocky asks for a [give] that means no signing on fee with any [give] of course !

In other words ‘ if he thought he was nt part of the future plans Id have told him so and he would have asked for a transfer … has he ? ? In that case shut the f*ck up and go report on something else ’ .
in other words ‘ if he thought he was nt part of the future plans id have told him so and he would have asked for a [give] … has he ? ? in that case shut the f*ck up and go report on something else ’ .

And he said if Rocastle felt he had no future at Leeds he should ask for a transfer .
and he said if rocastle felt he had no future at leeds he should ask for a [give] .

The distinction is clearest if we anticipate ideas about turbulence energy in Section 19.3 : the new turbulence at the edge of a spot acquires its energy not by transfer from the spot but by generation of fluctuations that can themselves extract energy from the mean motion .
the distinction is clearest if we anticipate ideas about turbulence energy in section 19.3 : the new turbulence at the edge of a spot acquires its energy not by [give] from the spot but by generation of fluctuations that can themselves extract energy from the mean motion .

They represent the transfer of energy from place to place , respectively transfer by the mean motion and transfer by the turbulence itself .
they represent the [give] of energy from place to place , respectively [give] by the mean motion and [give] by the turbulence itself .

As in a laminar flow ( Section 11.7 ) , the viscous term can be divided into two parts : one is essentially negative and thus represents viscous dissipation ; the other ( usually small ) integrates to zero and so is another energy transfer process .
as in a laminar flow ( section 11.7 ) , the viscous term can be divided into two parts : one is essentially negative and thus represents viscous dissipation ; the other ( usually small ) integrates to zero and so is another energy [give] process .

The term thus represents a transfer of energy from the mean flow to the turbulence .
the term thus represents a [give] of energy from the mean flow to the turbulence .

It can be shown that and so the first term on the right-hand side of eqn ( 20.7 ) represents the transfer of energy between wavenumbers .
it can be shown that and so the first term on the right-hand side of eqn ( 20.7 ) represents the [give] of energy between wavenumbers .

one expects the transfer of energy to be primarily from low wavenumbers to high .
one expects the [give] of energy to be primarily from low wavenumbers to high .

There is then little direct interaction between the large eddies governing the energy transfer and the small dissipating eddies .
there is then little direct interaction between the large eddies governing the energy [give] and the small dissipating eddies .

This implies that within the patches the rate of energy transfer per unit mass increases with wave number , thus complicating the derivation of the Kolmogorov law .
this implies that within the patches the rate of energy [give] per unit mass increases with wave number , thus complicating the derivation of the kolmogorov law .

The discussion in Section 20.3 of the energy cascade did not consider the mechanism by which the transfer of energy from large scales to small scales occurs .
the discussion in section 20.3 of the energy cascade did not consider the mechanism by which the [give] of energy from large scales to small scales occurs .

There is thus an intensification of the motion on a smaller scale ; that is a transfer of energy to smaller eddies .
there is thus an intensification of the motion on a smaller scale ; that is a [give] of energy to smaller eddies .

The large eddies play a role out of proportion to their contribution to the turbulent energy , both in the interaction between the mean flow and the turbulence and in the turbulent energy transfer process involved in Fig .
the large eddies play a role out of proportion to their contribution to the turbulent energy , both in the interaction between the mean flow and the turbulence and in the turbulent energy [give] process involved in fig .

21.16 , shows that over the region where the production is high the other important term is the dissipation ; the remaining terms in eqn ( 19.22 ) are much less significant ( apart from some rather complicated transfer processes very close the wall ) .
21.16 , shows that over the region where the production is high the other important term is the dissipation ; the remaining terms in eqn ( 19.22 ) are much less significant ( apart from some rather complicated [give] processes very close the wall ) .

The temperature scale is then similarly determined by the vertical heat transfer , which , like the stress , varies little in the region under consideration .
the temperature scale is then similarly determined by the vertical heat [give] , which , like the stress , varies little in the region under consideration .

It is the ratio of the actual heat transfer to the heat transfer that would occur by conduction alone if the fluid remained at rest .
it is the ratio of the actual heat [give] to the heat [give] that would occur by conduction alone if the fluid remained at rest .

Whether or not motion occurs is most precisely determined experimentally by its effect on the heat transfer .
whether or not motion occurs is most precisely determined experimentally by its effect on the heat [give] .

It is essential to the dynamics that thermal diffusivity produces significant heat transfer between the downgoing and upgoing fingers .
it is essential to the dynamics that thermal diffusivity produces significant heat [give] between the downgoing and upgoing fingers .

The heat transfer can occur without a corresponding diffusion of salt because of the lower diffusivity of the latter .
the heat [give] can occur without a corresponding diffusion of salt because of the lower diffusivity of the latter .

Examples are the mass flux in pipe flow ( Sections 2.3 and 2.7 ) , the torques acting on the cylinders in rotating Couette flow ( Sections 9.3 and 17.5 ) , and the heat transfer in convection experiments ( Sections 14.4 , 14.8 and 22.2 — particularly Fig .
examples are the mass flux in pipe flow ( sections 2.3 and 2.7 ) , the torques acting on the cylinders in rotating couette flow ( sections 9.3 and 17.5 ) , and the heat [give] in convection experiments ( sections 14.4 , 14.8 and 22.2 — particularly fig .

In general , hot-wires are more sensitive at low speeds than high ; however , if the speed is too low , free-convection heat transfer takes over from forced convection , making the cooling insensitive to velocity .
in general , hot-wires are more sensitive at low speeds than high ; however , if the speed is too low , free-convection heat [give] takes over from forced convection , making the cooling insensitive to velocity .

Most undersold transfer
most undersold [give]

Thank christ its a free transfer and its ‘ only ’ the wages we are paying .
thank christ its a free [give] and its ‘ only ’ the wages we are paying .

‘ So we ( the board ) are in a position to be flexible with any future transfer speculation that Howard requires ’
‘ so we ( the board ) are in a position to be flexible with any future [give] speculation that howard requires ’

By saying every player has their price he is encouraging offers for all our best players , be they on the transfer list or under contract or not .
by saying every player has their price he is encouraging offers for all our best players , be they on the [give] list or under contract or not .

By saying every player has their price he is encouraging offers for all our best players , be they on the transfer list or under contract or not .
by saying every player has their price he is encouraging offers for all our best players , be they on the [give] list or under contract or not .

If liked , you can transfer the marzipan to a sheet of non-stick paper now to make inverting it with the cake easier .
if liked , you can [give] the marzipan to a sheet of non-stick paper now to make inverting it with the cake easier .

Transfer to the cake and drape over .
[give] to the cake and drape over .

Dip a cocktail stick into the food colouring and transfer to the ball , streaking the colour over the top .
dip a cocktail stick into the food colouring and [give] to the ball , streaking the colour over the top .

If it is traced on paper , transfer the outline to the cake or icing in one of two ways .
if it is traced on paper , [give] the outline to the cake or icing in one of two ways .

Curve the leaves up slightly around the edges and transfer to foil or non-stick paper to dry out .
curve the leaves up slightly around the edges and [give] to foil or non-stick paper to dry out .

Mark on vertical lines with a knife and transfer to foil or non-stick paper to harden .
mark on vertical lines with a knife and [give] to foil or non-stick paper to harden .

Transfer to the cake drum , press on and trim the edges .
[give] to the cake drum , press on and trim the edges .

Transfer the sweets to foil or non-stick paper and leave overnight to harden .
[give] the sweets to foil or non-stick paper and leave overnight to harden .

Transfer carefully to a piece of foil or non-stick paper and cut out the centre of the rectangle to leave a thin frame of fondant .
[give] carefully to a piece of foil or non-stick paper and cut out the centre of the rectangle to leave a thin frame of fondant .

Using cool hands ( wash under cold running water if necessary ) , transfer the roof to the cake and press down gently .
using cool hands ( wash under cold running water if necessary ) , [give] the roof to the cake and press down gently .

Transfer the hinges and handle , securing with a little royal icing .
[give] the hinges and handle , securing with a little royal icing .

Transfer to the drum to cover , and trim the edges .
[give] to the drum to cover , and trim the edges .

Transfer the icing cut-outs to a sheet of foil or non-stick paper , and rest the ‘ birthday cake ’ cut-out on a piece of foil wrapped around a cake tin , so that it sets into a curved shape .
[give] the icing cut-outs to a sheet of foil or non-stick paper , and rest the ‘ birthday cake ’ cut-out on a piece of foil wrapped around a cake tin , so that it sets into a curved shape .

Bend into a curve and transfer to non-stick paper .
bend into a curve and [give] to non-stick paper .

Transfer the boat to the cake drum and secure on with a little royal icing .
[give] the boat to the cake drum and secure on with a little royal icing .

Transfer the teddy 's body and head on to the towel .
[give] the teddy 's body and head on to the towel .

Carefully transfer the fondant to the cake ( using your arms and hands dusted with icing sugar to support it ) and cover , smoothing over .
carefully [give] the fondant to the cake ( using your arms and hands dusted with icing sugar to support it ) and cover , smoothing over .

Transfer to the cake drum with care , securing on with a little royal icing .
[give] to the cake drum with care , securing on with a little royal icing .

Not bad for a free transfer .
not bad for a free [give] .

If you want to transfer up to 4 players , just send me an E-mail telling me which ones you wish to sell & buy .
if you want to [give] up to 4 players , just send me an e-mail telling me which ones you wish to sell & buy .

He put in transfer requests .
he put in [give] requests .

The nutrient levels in the soil were higher , even 3 years after disturbance , in both the cut and cut-and-burnt sites , than in the surrounding untouched forest , probably because of steady transfer of nutrients from the forest ash to the soil .
the nutrient levels in the soil were higher , even 3 years after disturbance , in both the cut and cut-and-burnt sites , than in the surrounding untouched forest , probably because of steady [give] of nutrients from the forest ash to the soil .

We 'll get rid of the pain with some drugs , and then transfer her to the burns unit at Cambridge .
we 'll get rid of the pain with some drugs , and then [give] her to the burns unit at cambridge .

Very soon the child was calmer and they were able to cover the damaged skin and prepare her for transfer .
very soon the child was calmer and they were able to cover the damaged skin and prepare her for [give] .

In contrast penetrative magmatism , whereby hot and partially molten material from the asthenosphere forces its way up towards the surface , is a much more rapid mechanism of heat transfer and is capable of thinning 100 km thick lithosphere and producing uplift at the surface in only about 20 Ma .
in contrast penetrative magmatism , whereby hot and partially molten material from the asthenosphere forces its way up towards the surface , is a much more rapid mechanism of heat [give] and is capable of thinning 100 km thick lithosphere and producing uplift at the surface in only about 20 ma .

As several million years are required for the transfer of a significant amount of heat to the surface of continental lithosphere , it has been suggested that hot spots are most likely to develop where the lithosphere is more or less stationary with respect to sub-lithospheric thermal anomalies as this would allow time for sustained heating to occur .
as several million years are required for the [give] of a significant amount of heat to the surface of continental lithosphere , it has been suggested that hot spots are most likely to develop where the lithosphere is more or less stationary with respect to sub-lithospheric thermal anomalies as this would allow time for sustained heating to occur .

Moreover , these major faults tend to be discontinuous and curved in plan and it seems that main boundary listric faults alternate along rift valleys and are separated by transfer faults ( Fig .
moreover , these major faults tend to be discontinuous and curved in plan and it seems that main boundary listric faults alternate along rift valleys and are separated by [give] faults ( fig .

If the medium of issue is magnetic then the indefinite maintenance of bit-perfect records commits us to an active program of periodic renewal and integrity checking , or a one-off transfer to a more permanent medium .
if the medium of issue is magnetic then the indefinite maintenance of bit-perfect records commits us to an active program of periodic renewal and integrity checking , or a one-off [give] to a more permanent medium .

Transfer to a more permanent medium is not without penalty despite its promise of releasing Sisyphus from his fate in the copying room .
[give] to a more permanent medium is not without penalty despite its promise of releasing sisyphus from his fate in the copying room .

The transfer of program-software to optical media invokes a raft of technical issues of operational compatibility that would require prohibitively large ( for a museum with a conventional mandate ) engineering and hardware design investment to solve .
the [give] of program-software to optical media invokes a raft of technical issues of operational compatibility that would require prohibitively large ( for a museum with a conventional mandate ) engineering and hardware design investment to solve .

In a forthcoming contribution to Computing for the Humanities , Burnard and Greenstein use a seventeenth-century sasine or record of landholding and transfer , to demonstrate mechanisms which furnish these very facilities .
in a forthcoming contribution to computing for the humanities , burnard and greenstein use a seventeenth-century sasine or record of landholding and [give] , to demonstrate mechanisms which furnish these very facilities .

The social convulsions which followed the transfer of agriculture to a capitalist , or at least a large-scale commercialised pattern , loosened the traditional ties of men to the land of their forefathers , especially when they found they owned none of it , or too little to maintain their family .
the social convulsions which followed the [give] of agriculture to a capitalist , or at least a large-scale commercialised pattern , loosened the traditional ties of men to the land of their forefathers , especially when they found they owned none of it , or too little to maintain their family .

English non-conformist manufacturers would transfer to the Church of England , and in the north of France the ‘ barely concealed Voltaireanism ’ of before 1850 turned into increasingly fervent Catholicism after 1870 .
english non-conformist manufacturers would [give] to the church of england , and in the north of france the ‘ barely concealed voltaireanism ’ of before 1850 turned into increasingly fervent catholicism after 1870 .

However , the classical writers tended to transfer the same principles of adjustment from the microeconomic to the macroeconomic plane , though their applicability at this level of aggregation is altogether more problematical , as Keynes was to point out .
however , the classical writers tended to [give] the same principles of adjustment from the microeconomic to the macroeconomic plane , though their applicability at this level of aggregation is altogether more problematical , as keynes was to point out .

( 3 ) An action of which the value ( defined below ) is less than £25,000 shall be tried in a county court unless : ( a ) a county court considers that it ought to transfer the action to the High Court for trial and the High Court considers that it ought to try the action ; or ( b ) it is commenced in the High Court and the High Court considers that it ought to try the action ( art 7 ( 3 ) ) .
( 3 ) an action of which the value ( defined below ) is less than £25,000 shall be tried in a county court unless : ( a ) a county court considers that it ought to [give] the action to the high court for trial and the high court considers that it ought to try the action ; or ( b ) it is commenced in the high court and the high court considers that it ought to try the action ( art 7 ( 3 ) ) .

( 4 ) An action of which the value is £50,000 or more shall be tried in the High Court unless : ( a ) it is commenced in a county court and the county court does not consider that the action ought to be transferred to the High Court for trial ; or ( b ) the High Court considers that it ought to transfer the case to a county court for trial ( art 7 ( 4 ) ) .
( 4 ) an action of which the value is £50,000 or more shall be tried in the high court unless : ( a ) it is commenced in a county court and the county court does not consider that the action ought to be transferred to the high court for trial ; or ( b ) the high court considers that it ought to [give] the case to a county court for trial ( art 7 ( 4 ) ) .

( 5 ) Wherever , in ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) above , the order requires one or other court to consider whether it ought to try the case or whether it ought to transfer it ( pursuant to the powers of transfer under ss 40 ( 2 ) , 41 ( 1 ) or 42 ( 2 ) of the 1984 Act ) that court must have regard to the criteria laid down in art 7 ( 5 ) and set out at the start of Chapter 13 .
( 5 ) wherever , in ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) above , the order requires one or other court to consider whether it ought to try the case or whether it ought to [give] it ( pursuant to the powers of [give] under ss 40 ( 2 ) , 41 ( 1 ) or 42 ( 2 ) of the 1984 act ) that court must have regard to the criteria laid down in art 7 ( 5 ) and set out at the start of chapter 13 .

The court with the power to strike out is the court before which the proceedings have been brought , rather than the one to which transfer is being considered .
the court with the power to strike out is the court before which the proceedings have been brought , rather than the one to which [give] is being considered .

Where proceedings are begun in the wrong county court the court , in the absence of agreement between the parties , may either transfer the proceedings to the correct court , order the proceedings to continue in the court in which they were commenced , or order them to be struck out .
where proceedings are begun in the wrong county court the court , in the absence of agreement between the parties , may either [give] the proceedings to the correct court , order the proceedings to continue in the court in which they were commenced , or order them to be struck out .

Unless the court otherwise directs , money received or paid into court in respect of persons under disability shall remain in court and be invested or dealt with as the court thinks fit , which in many cases may be its transfer to the High Court ( Ord 10 , r 11 ( 1 ) — ( 3 ) ) .
unless the court otherwise directs , money received or paid into court in respect of persons under disability shall remain in court and be invested or dealt with as the court thinks fit , which in many cases may be its [give] to the high court ( ord 10 , r 11 ( 1 ) — ( 3 ) ) .

Part admissions not accepted by the plaintiff are subject to the automatic transfer arrangements ( Ord 9 , r 2 ( 6 ) ) .
part admissions not accepted by the plaintiff are subject to the automatic [give] arrangements ( ord 9 , r 2 ( 6 ) ) .

Automatic transfer does not apply where the defendant lives outside England and Wales ( Ord 1 , r 13 ) .
automatic [give] does not apply where the defendant lives outside england and wales ( ord 1 , r 13 ) .

Transfer to another county court
[give] to another county court

Save for appeals and applications under Ord 37 in cases of transfer for enforcement and payments into court , all further steps after transfer are to be taken in the transferee court ( Ord 16 , r 4(6) ) .
save for appeals and applications under ord 37 in cases of [give] for enforcement and payments into court , all further steps after [give] are to be taken in the transferee court ( ord 16 , r 4(6) ) .

Transfer can not be ordered where an Act or statutory instrument other than the 1981 Rules , eg s 17 of the Married Women 's Property Act 1982 , requires the matter to be commenced in a particular court ( Ord 16 , r 3 ) .
[give] can not be ordered where an act or statutory instrument other than the 1981 rules , eg s 17 of the married women 's property act 1982 , requires the matter to be commenced in a particular court ( ord 16 , r 3 ) .

An order to transfer may be made by the court on its own motion , or on the application of any party on not less than two clear days ' notice ( Ord 16 , r 4(1) ) .
an order to [give] may be made by the court on its own motion , or on the application of any party on not less than two clear days ' notice ( ord 16 , r 4(1) ) .

However , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .
however , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to [give] the action to that court .

The court may also transfer such funds to the High Court or to a district registry , and most courts now do so .
the court may also [give] such funds to the high court or to a district registry , and most courts now do so .

( 8 ) For the purpose of this rule : ( a ) pleadings shall be deemed to be closed 14 days after the delivery of a defence in accordance with Ord 9 , r 2 , or , where a counterclaim is served with the defence , 28 days after the delivery of the defence ; but in an action which has been transferred down from the High Court , pleadings are deemed closed 14 days from transfer .
( 8 ) for the purpose of this rule : ( a ) pleadings shall be deemed to be closed 14 days after the delivery of a defence in accordance with ord 9 , r 2 , or , where a counterclaim is served with the defence , 28 days after the delivery of the defence ; but in an action which has been transferred down from the high court , pleadings are deemed closed 14 days from [give] .

Procedure for Transfer
procedure for [give]

Article 7 ( 5 ) of the High Court and County Courts Jurisdiction Order 1991 sets out the criteria to be considered when deciding whether or not to make an order for transfer in a case in which both the High Court and the County Court have mutual jurisdiction .
article 7 ( 5 ) of the high court and county courts jurisdiction order 1991 sets out the criteria to be considered when deciding whether or not to make an order for [give] in a case in which both the high court and the county court have mutual jurisdiction .

One of the criteria for transfer is the `` financial substance `` of the action and , for this purpose , regard will also be had to the value of a counterclaim .
one of the criteria for [give] is the `` financial substance `` of the action and , for this purpose , regard will also be had to the value of a counterclaim .

Order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on transfer and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an application for transfer be stated by reference to the criteria in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all applications ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .
order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on [give] and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an application for [give] be stated by reference to the criteria in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all applications ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .

The criteria under Art 7 ( 5 ) to which the court is to have regard in deciding whether to transfer are : `` ( a ) the financial substance of the action including the value of any counterclaim , ( b ) whether the action is otherwise important and , in particular whether it raises questions of importance to persons who are not parties or questions of general public interest , ( c ) the complexity of the facts , legal issues , remedies or procedures involved , and ( d ) whether transfer is likely to result in a more speedy trial of the action but no transfer shall be made on the grounds of subparagraph ( d ) alone . ``
the criteria under art 7 ( 5 ) to which the court is to have regard in deciding whether to [give] are : `` ( a ) the financial substance of the action including the value of any counterclaim , ( b ) whether the action is otherwise important and , in particular whether it raises questions of importance to persons who are not parties or questions of general public interest , ( c ) the complexity of the facts , legal issues , remedies or procedures involved , and ( d ) whether [give] is likely to result in a more speedy trial of the action but no [give] shall be made on the grounds of subparagraph ( d ) alone . ``

Although a statement need only indicate whether or not the value exceeds £25,000 , an applicant for transfer may wish to be more specific and bolster an application for transfer by a statement showing that the case also falls within the upper regions of county court jurisdiction .
although a statement need only indicate whether or not the value exceeds £25,000 , an applicant for [give] may wish to be more specific and bolster an application for [give] by a statement showing that the case also falls within the upper regions of county court jurisdiction .

Rule 21 amends Ord 25 , r 13 ( transfer for enforcement ) under the new s 42 of the County Courts Act ( as substituted by s 2 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 ) .
rule 21 amends ord 25 , r 13 ( [give] for enforcement ) under the new s 42 of the county courts act ( as substituted by s 2 of the courts and legal services act 1990 ) .

Transfer to county court under the general power of the High Court
[give] to county court under the general power of the high court

Transfer to High Court by county court
[give] to high court by county court

As to transfer of the latter to the High Court see s 37 of the Matrimonial and Family Proceedings Act 1984 Ord 16 , r 12 and Rayden on Divorce should be consulted .
as to [give] of the latter to the high court see s 37 of the matrimonial and family proceedings act 1984 ord 16 , r 12 and rayden on divorce should be consulted .

Any application for transfer to the High Court ( other than family business ) must set out the grounds upon which the application is made by reference to the criteria .
any application for [give] to the high court ( other than family business ) must set out the grounds upon which the application is made by reference to the criteria .

Procedure on transfer to county court
procedure on [give] to county court

Procedure on transfer to High Court
procedure on [give] to high court

If there is money in court , the county court should transfer the money to the High Court .
if there is money in court , the county court should [give] the money to the high court .

Furthermore , the judgment court can transfer the application once made to the defendant 's court for hearing under Ord 16 , r 1 ( c ) .
furthermore , the judgment court can [give] the application once made to the defendant 's court for hearing under ord 16 , r 1 ( c ) .

Where the defendant makes application , it will be subject to automatic transfer if the court where judgment is entered is not the defendant 's home court .
where the defendant makes application , it will be subject to automatic [give] if the court where judgment is entered is not the defendant 's home court .

5.1 The Seller warrants that [ ( except in relation to intellectual property rights of third parties as referred to in Condition 5.3 ) ] the Seller has good title to the goods [ and that ( pursuant to s 12(3) of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 , or s 2(3) of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 , whichever Act applies to the Order ) it will transfer such title as it may have in the goods to the Purchaser pursuant to Condition 5.5 ] .
5.1 the seller warrants that [ ( except in relation to intellectual property rights of third parties as referred to in condition 5.3 ) ] the seller has good title to the goods [ and that ( pursuant to s 12(3) of the sale of goods act 1979 , or s 2(3) of the supply of goods and services act 1982 , whichever act applies to the order ) it will [give] such title as it may have in the goods to the purchaser pursuant to condition 5.5 ] .

9.1 You may not assign or transfer this order or part thereof to any other person without our written consent .
9.1 you may not assign or [give] this order or part thereof to any other person without our written consent .

Execution of the partnership agreement as a deed is only required when , and this will rarely be the case with solicitors ' firms , it seeks to transfer land or an interest in land : otherwise an agreement under hand will be sufficient .
execution of the partnership agreement as a deed is only required when , and this will rarely be the case with solicitors ' firms , it seeks to [give] land or an interest in land : otherwise an agreement under hand will be sufficient .

The main difference will be in regard to the transfer of work to the demerged firms — which will depend upon the agreement of the partners and the wishes of their clients .
the main difference will be in regard to the [give] of work to the demerged firms — which will depend upon the agreement of the partners and the wishes of their clients .

That rule prohibits solicitors practising in partnership or `` in association `` ( where two or more firms have at least one common principal ) from representing : ( 1 ) both seller and buyer in a transfer of land for value at arm 's length ; or ( 2 ) both lessor and lessee on the grant of a lease for value at arm 's length ; or ( 3 ) both lender and borrower in a private mortgage at arm 's length with exceptions made only in the case of : ( 1 ) small transactions ; ( 2 ) where the parties are connected with each other ( commercially or personally ) ; ( 3 ) where there is no other solicitor or licensed conveyancer in the vicinity whom either party might reasonably instruct ; ( 4 ) where two associated firms or two offices of the same firm acting for the parties are in different locations , neither firm having received instructions to act on referral from the other and the matter is dealt with or supervised by a different solicitor at each firm or office and , where the solicitor is not involved in the negotiations , where no conflict of interest arises and where neither vendor nor lessor is a builder or developer .
that rule prohibits solicitors practising in partnership or `` in association `` ( where two or more firms have at least one common principal ) from representing : ( 1 ) both seller and buyer in a [give] of land for value at arm 's length ; or ( 2 ) both lessor and lessee on the grant of a lease for value at arm 's length ; or ( 3 ) both lender and borrower in a private mortgage at arm 's length with exceptions made only in the case of : ( 1 ) small transactions ; ( 2 ) where the parties are connected with each other ( commercially or personally ) ; ( 3 ) where there is no other solicitor or licensed conveyancer in the vicinity whom either party might reasonably instruct ; ( 4 ) where two associated firms or two offices of the same firm acting for the parties are in different locations , neither firm having received instructions to act on referral from the other and the matter is dealt with or supervised by a different solicitor at each firm or office and , where the solicitor is not involved in the negotiations , where no conflict of interest arises and where neither vendor nor lessor is a builder or developer .

3.2.2 Occasions for transfer
3.2.2 occasions for [give]

Certain occasions dictate the compulsory transfer of the shares in a private company , such as the resignation of a director or other senior employee with a holding of the shares .
certain occasions dictate the compulsory [give] of the shares in a private company , such as the resignation of a director or other senior employee with a holding of the shares .

Expert determination can be , and often is , also applied to voluntary transfer of shares or transmission of shares on the death of a shareholder .
expert determination can be , and often is , also applied to voluntary [give] of shares or transmission of shares on the death of a shareholder .

In other cases of non-compulsory transfer the parties will probably still be under the same constraints about fixing the price .
in other cases of non-compulsory [give] the parties will probably still be under the same constraints about fixing the price .

In Abbey Leisure the transfer procedure was optional . In Re a
in abbey leisure the [give] procedure was optional . in re a

4.3.1 Transfer of pension rights
4.3.1 [give] of pension rights

Sales of companies and businesses often include provision for the transfer of the pension rights of the employees concerned from the vendor 's scheme to the purchaser 's scheme .
sales of companies and businesses often include provision for the [give] of the pension rights of the employees concerned from the vendor 's scheme to the purchaser 's scheme .

The transfer would , in a typical case , be achieved by a payment from the vendor 's scheme to the purchaser 's scheme and the provision by the purchaser 's scheme of benefits of equal value to those provided by the vendor 's scheme .
the [give] would , in a typical case , be achieved by a payment from the vendor 's scheme to the purchaser 's scheme and the provision by the purchaser 's scheme of benefits of equal value to those provided by the vendor 's scheme .

Here are some examples : ( 1 ) Articles of association of a private company may say that the share price on a compulsory transfer is to be certified by the auditors .
here are some examples : ( 1 ) articles of association of a private company may say that the share price on a compulsory [give] is to be certified by the auditors .

Section 312 Companies Act 1985 makes it unlawful for any compensation for loss of office to be made to a director of a company in connection with the transfer of all or any part of the company , unless the nature and particulars of the proposed payment have been disclosed to the members of the company and have been approved by the company .
section 312 companies act 1985 makes it unlawful for any compensation for loss of office to be made to a director of a company in connection with the [give] of all or any part of the company , unless the nature and particulars of the proposed payment have been disclosed to the members of the company and have been approved by the company .

This problem is usually solved by having a `` hive-up `` ( or transfer ) of the business from Target to Newco after the acquisition , Newco thus starting life as an investment company and becoming a trading company ; but a hive-up creates its own tax complications .
this problem is usually solved by having a `` hive-up `` ( or [give] ) of the business from target to newco after the acquisition , newco thus starting life as an investment company and becoming a trading company ; but a hive-up creates its own tax complications .

Where Newco acquires the business and assets directly , then prima facie the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and conditions , with Newco becoming the new employer .
where newco acquires the business and assets directly , then prima facie the [give] of undertakings ( protection of employment ) regulations 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and conditions , with newco becoming the new employer .

Transfer of a going concern
[give] of a going concern

The parties might agree that , as against the vendor , Newco will take the benefit and burden of any deductions and payments under the capital goods regime which relate to intervals ending on the date of transfer of the capital items under the business sale agreement .
the parties might agree that , as against the vendor , newco will take the benefit and burden of any deductions and payments under the capital goods regime which relate to intervals ending on the date of [give] of the capital items under the business sale agreement .

If the sale of Target will generate an allowable loss there may need to be an intra-group transfer of beneficial ownership of Target before the management buy-out , so that the loss can be utilised by a group company which will , in the same accounting period , realise gains from the the disposal of other assets .
if the sale of target will generate an allowable loss there may need to be an intra-group [give] of beneficial ownership of target before the management buy-out , so that the loss can be utilised by a group company which will , in the same accounting period , realise gains from the the disposal of other assets .

There are various reasons why it might be desirable to transfer Target 's business to Newco after the acquisition .
there are various reasons why it might be desirable to [give] target 's business to newco after the acquisition .

Furthermore , it is more advantageous for management to subscribe shares than to acquire them by transfer , because they may then be entitled to income tax relief pursuant to s574 Taxes Act 1988 if the venture fails .
furthermore , it is more advantageous for management to subscribe shares than to acquire them by [give] , because they may then be entitled to income tax relief pursuant to s574 taxes act 1988 if the venture fails .

The following is an example of a suitable clause : It is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Articles of Association the investor shall be entitled at any time after Completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the Managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this Agreement and Articles of Association as the investor shall require and the Managers and the Company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the Investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .
the following is an example of a suitable clause : it is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the articles of association the investor shall be entitled at any time after completion to [give] all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this agreement and articles of association as the investor shall require and the managers and the company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .

Share transfer provisions
share [give] provisions

The Articles will include rights of pre-emption upon transfer which are appropriate to a private company .
the articles will include rights of pre-emption upon [give] which are appropriate to a private company .

Mandatory transfer
mandatory [give]

The Articles usually provide that if an executive director or an employee holding shares ceases to be employed by Newco , he shall be deemed to have served a transfer notice in respect of his shares , effectively forcing him to sell .
the articles usually provide that if an executive director or an employee holding shares ceases to be employed by newco , he shall be deemed to have served a [give] notice in respect of his shares , effectively forcing him to sell .

As a result it is common in mandatory transfer notice provisions to see `` good and bad leader `` provisions , so that management who `` walk out `` within a specified period after completion are penalised by receiving an amount equal to the lower of market value or the amount they initially subscribed .
as a result it is common in mandatory [give] notice provisions to see `` good and bad leader `` provisions , so that management who `` walk out `` within a specified period after completion are penalised by receiving an amount equal to the lower of market value or the amount they initially subscribed .

It can also be argued on behalf of management that transfer notices should not be mandatory if cessation of the executive 's employment with the company results from wrongful dismissal , redundancy , retirement at normal age , retirement due to ill-health or disability or death ; or if a majority of the non-executive directors and/or the directors so resolve with the investors ' approval .
it can also be argued on behalf of management that [give] notices should not be mandatory if cessation of the executive 's employment with the company results from wrongful dismissal , redundancy , retirement at normal age , retirement due to ill-health or disability or death ; or if a majority of the non-executive directors and/or the directors so resolve with the investors ' approval .

Transfer of control
[give] of control

It is not uncommon to provide in the Articles that if a transfer of a " controlling interest " is in contemplation , the proposed transferee should be obliged to extend to all other shareholders an offer to purchase their shares on like terms .
it is not uncommon to provide in the articles that if a [give] of a " controlling interest " is in contemplation , the proposed transferee should be obliged to extend to all other shareholders an offer to purchase their shares on like terms .

Against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : If the Acquiring Member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with Article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the Acquiring Member shall fail to complete the purchase of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in Article … ) shall cease to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the Directors may where relevant refuse to register the transfer of the shares acquired by the Acquiring Member which give rise to the obligations under Article … and may require the Acquiring Member to serve a Transfer Notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .
against the possibility that the acquiring member fails to extend the offer , the following remedy can be provided for : if the acquiring member shall fail to serve a notice or make an offer in accordance with article … ( or , if and to the extent that the offer is accepted , the acquiring member shall fail to complete the purchase of any shares pursuant to the offer ) he ( and any member with whom he is acting in concert as provided in article … ) shall cease to have any rights to vote or to dividends in respect of all the shares held by him and the directors may where relevant refuse to register the [give] of the shares acquired by the acquiring member which give rise to the obligations under article … and may require the acquiring member to serve a [give] notice in respect of all or any of the shares held by him .

Guarantees in favour of third parties given by the vendor on behalf of Target , which Target will wish to transfer to Newco , can give rise to problems .
guarantees in favour of third parties given by the vendor on behalf of target , which target will wish to [give] to newco , can give rise to problems .

Conversely , if the design team designs other products for the vendor 's group , the vendor may not be willing to agree to the transfer .
conversely , if the design team designs other products for the vendor 's group , the vendor may not be willing to agree to the [give] .

Furthermore , if documents of transfer for certain assets are executed outside the United Kingdom stamp duty will not be payable until the documents are brought back into the United Kingdom .
furthermore , if documents of [give] for certain assets are executed outside the united kingdom stamp duty will not be payable until the documents are brought back into the united kingdom .

Stamp duty can not be avoided on a share sale as the stock transfer forms will need to be stamped before the purchaser can be registered as the owner of the shares .
stamp duty can not be avoided on a share sale as the stock [give] forms will need to be stamped before the purchaser can be registered as the owner of the shares .

In many transactions it is either necessary or thought by one of the parties to be commercially worthwhile to obtain consent for or approval of certain items before the business transfer is completed .
in many transactions it is either necessary or thought by one of the parties to be commercially worthwhile to obtain consent for or approval of certain items before the business [give] is completed .

Often on a business transfer , parties to contracts with the vendor will need to consent to or agree to the contract being assigned or novated to the purchaser .
often on a business [give] , parties to contracts with the vendor will need to consent to or agree to the contract being assigned or novated to the purchaser .

However , where the transfer includes goodwill and/or know-how , a non-competition clause will be permissible provided it goes no further than is necessary to protect the value of the business transferred .
however , where the [give] includes goodwill and/or know-how , a non-competition clause will be permissible provided it goes no further than is necessary to protect the value of the business transferred .

The main concern with cash is to ensure that the method and arrangements for payment are clearly stated in the sale agreement and that the purchaser has adequate notice of whether a banker 's draft or telegraphic transfer is required .
the main concern with cash is to ensure that the method and arrangements for payment are clearly stated in the sale agreement and that the purchaser has adequate notice of whether a banker 's draft or telegraphic [give] is required .

The parties may sometimes want the transfer to be effective from a date before the completion date , particularly if there is likely to be a long delay while consents are sought .
the parties may sometimes want the [give] to be effective from a date before the completion date , particularly if there is likely to be a long delay while consents are sought .

Rather its provisions will deem the transfer to be treated as if it took place on an earlier specified date .
rather its provisions will deem the [give] to be treated as if it took place on an earlier specified date .

There are numerous complications that need to be addressed if an earlier transfer date is to deemed to apply and the complications will outweigh the advantages unless there are exceptional circumstances .
there are numerous complications that need to be addressed if an earlier [give] date is to deemed to apply and the complications will outweigh the advantages unless there are exceptional circumstances .

Despite the fact that the sale agreement will treat income arising after the transfer date as belonging to the purchaser , the Inland Revenue are likely to treat it as income of the vendor .
despite the fact that the sale agreement will treat income arising after the [give] date as belonging to the purchaser , the inland revenue are likely to treat it as income of the vendor .

If the purchaser requires the right of rescission to be available between exchange and completion , the vendor is unlikely to agree to the transfer being deemed to occur during the interim period .
if the purchaser requires the right of rescission to be available between exchange and completion , the vendor is unlikely to agree to the [give] being deemed to occur during the interim period .

The transfer of such contracts raises problems which , by and large , are not present in share sales because in share sales the party to the contract with the customer or supplier is not changing .
the [give] of such contracts raises problems which , by and large , are not present in share sales because in share sales the party to the contract with the customer or supplier is not changing .

In determining how to transfer contracts pursuant to an asset sale , it is important firstly to understand the legal issues involved in transferring contracts before considering the practical consequences for the vendor and purchaser .
in determining how to [give] contracts pursuant to an asset sale , it is important firstly to understand the legal issues involved in transferring contracts before considering the practical consequences for the vendor and purchaser .

The difficulty in transferring contracts arises because the basic rule is that the vendor can not be excused from the burden of its contractual obligations by assigning or otherwise purporting to transfer to the purchaser the obligation to perform the duties it has undertaken under a particular contract .
the difficulty in transferring contracts arises because the basic rule is that the vendor can not be excused from the burden of its contractual obligations by assigning or otherwise purporting to [give] to the purchaser the obligation to perform the duties it has undertaken under a particular contract .

The transfer of the benefit of the contract is most commonly dealt with by way of an assignment unless the contract is being novated , in which case the benefit will be dealt with alongside the burden in the novation agreement .
the [give] of the benefit of the contract is most commonly dealt with by way of an assignment unless the contract is being novated , in which case the benefit will be dealt with alongside the burden in the novation agreement .

Unlike novation , assignment involves the transfer of property namely the rights in relation to a contract which continues to exist and is not extinguished .
unlike novation , assignment involves the [give] of property namely the rights in relation to a contract which continues to exist and is not extinguished .

Assignment by statute is governed by the Law of Property Act 1925 , s136 which provides that : Any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the assignor ( not purporting to be by way of charge only ) of any debt or other legal thing in action , of which express notice in writing has been given to the debtor , trustee or other person from the assignor would have been entitled to claim such debt or thing in action , is effectual in law ( subject to equities having priority over the right of the assignee ) to pass and transfer from the date of such notice : ( a ) the legal right to such debt or thing in action ; ( b ) all legal and other remedies for the same ; and ( c ) the power to give a good discharge for the same without the concurrence of the assignor .
assignment by statute is governed by the law of property act 1925 , s136 which provides that : any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the assignor ( not purporting to be by way of charge only ) of any debt or other legal thing in action , of which express notice in writing has been given to the debtor , trustee or other person from the assignor would have been entitled to claim such debt or thing in action , is effectual in law ( subject to equities having priority over the right of the assignee ) to pass and [give] from the date of such notice : ( a ) the legal right to such debt or thing in action ; ( b ) all legal and other remedies for the same ; and ( c ) the power to give a good discharge for the same without the concurrence of the assignor .

One distinction between an assignment at equity and under statute is that , for an equitable assignment to be valid , written notice does not need to be given to the supplier whereas it is an essential part of the statutory transfer ( see above ) .
one distinction between an assignment at equity and under statute is that , for an equitable assignment to be valid , written notice does not need to be given to the supplier whereas it is an essential part of the statutory [give] ( see above ) .

The difficulty occurs where consent to the transfer of contracts is needed , whether it be consent to transfer of the benefit or of the burden .
the difficulty occurs where consent to the [give] of contracts is needed , whether it be consent to [give] of the benefit or of the burden .

If consent is needed any purported transfer by the vendor may be a repudiatory breach of that contract by the vendor exposing the vendor to a claim for damages from its customer and possibly a claim by the purchaser against the vendor if the customer treats the contract as terminated particularly if the vendor warranted that no consents were needed .
if consent is needed any purported [give] by the vendor may be a repudiatory breach of that contract by the vendor exposing the vendor to a claim for damages from its customer and possibly a claim by the purchaser against the vendor if the customer treats the contract as terminated particularly if the vendor warranted that no consents were needed .

The effect of the Transfer Regulations is that the contracts of employment of the persons working in the business immediately before it is transferred are novated automatically to the purchaser on completion of the transfer .
the effect of the [give] regulations is that the contracts of employment of the persons working in the business immediately before it is transferred are novated automatically to the purchaser on completion of the [give] .

The Transfer Regulations reverse the common law position which is that persons employed in that business will be redundant unless the vendor has other business in which they can be redeployed .
the [give] regulations reverse the common law position which is that persons employed in that business will be redundant unless the vendor has other business in which they can be redeployed .

Instead , by virtue of the automatic novation when the Transfer Regulations apply , the contracts of employment continue to have effect after the transfer as if they were originally made between the purchaser and the employee .
instead , by virtue of the automatic novation when the [give] regulations apply , the contracts of employment continue to have effect after the [give] as if they were originally made between the purchaser and the employee .

The Transfer Regulations reverse the position with respect to employees .
the [give] regulations reverse the position with respect to employees .

Due to the Transfer Regulations , the purchaser is in much the same and in no better a position than if he had bought the shares of the vendor company .
due to the [give] regulations , the purchaser is in much the same and in no better a position than if he had bought the shares of the vendor company .

As a result of the Transfer Regulations the purchaser becomes responsible for all the rights , obligations and liabilities of the vendor under the employment contracts for all persons employed in the business transferred .
as a result of the [give] regulations the purchaser becomes responsible for all the rights , obligations and liabilities of the vendor under the employment contracts for all persons employed in the business transferred .

Moreover , if the purchaser wishes to rationalise the workforce he runs the risk of becoming liable for automatically unfair dismissals where employees are dismissed as a result of the transfer of the business .
moreover , if the purchaser wishes to rationalise the workforce he runs the risk of becoming liable for automatically unfair dismissals where employees are dismissed as a result of the [give] of the business .

Until very recently it was commonly thought to be a peculiar anomaly of the Transfer Regulations that reg 7 specifically excludes from the statutory novation the rights of employees in respect of occupational pension schemes .
until very recently it was commonly thought to be a peculiar anomaly of the [give] regulations that reg 7 specifically excludes from the statutory novation the rights of employees in respect of occupational pension schemes .

When do the Transfer Regulations apply ?
when do the [give] regulations apply ?

Subject to the important exceptions below , the Transfer Regulations apply to the `` transfer from one person to another of an undertaking situated immediately before the transfer in the United Kingdom or a part of one which is so situated `` .
subject to the important exceptions below , the [give] regulations apply to the `` [give] from one person to another of an undertaking situated immediately before the [give] in the united kingdom or a part of one which is so situated `` .

What is the transfer of a business as a going concern ?
what is the [give] of a business as a going concern ?

There is no hard and fast rule as to what constitutes the transfer of a business as a going concern .
there is no hard and fast rule as to what constitutes the [give] of a business as a going concern .

The former is an asset sale whereas the latter is the transfer of a business as a going concern .
the former is an asset sale whereas the latter is the [give] of a business as a going concern .

The factors which , if present , indicate the transfer as a going concern largely relate to intangible assets .
the factors which , if present , indicate the [give] as a going concern largely relate to intangible assets .

As it is a question of fact , a statement in the sale agreement by the purchaser and the vendor that they consider the transaction to be the transfer of a business as a going concern is of little relevance .
as it is a question of fact , a statement in the sale agreement by the purchaser and the vendor that they consider the transaction to be the [give] of a business as a going concern is of little relevance .

Such a statement merely indicates that the vendor and purchaser agree as between themselves that the Transfer Regulations should apply .
such a statement merely indicates that the vendor and purchaser agree as between themselves that the [give] regulations should apply .

Specific situations when the Transfer Regulations do not apply
specific situations when the [give] regulations do not apply

Even if a sale clearly appears to involve the transfer of a business as a going concern , it is still important to consider whether the Transfer Regulations are relevant .
even if a sale clearly appears to involve the [give] of a business as a going concern , it is still important to consider whether the [give] regulations are relevant .

The following are common situations in which the Transfer Regulations will not apply .
the following are common situations in which the [give] regulations will not apply .

Dismissals under the Transfer Regulations
dismissals under the [give] regulations

Any dismissal ( either express or constructive ) which is in connection with a sale governed by the Transfer Regulations is , as a result of reg 8 ( 1 ) of the Transfer Regulations , automatically presumed to be an unfair dismissal .
any dismissal ( either express or constructive ) which is in connection with a sale governed by the [give] regulations is , as a result of reg 8 ( 1 ) of the [give] regulations , automatically presumed to be an unfair dismissal .

The automatic presumption is rebutted if the dismissal is for an `` economic , technical or organisational reason entailing changes in the work force `` ( see reg 8 ( 2 ) of the Transfer Regulations ) .
the automatic presumption is rebutted if the dismissal is for an `` economic , technical or organisational reason entailing changes in the work force `` ( see reg 8 ( 2 ) of the [give] regulations ) .

As a result , the purchaser can now be held responsible for all dismissal claims by employees dismissed in connection with the sale even if the dismissals took place at a time earlier than literally `` immediately before `` the transfer .
as a result , the purchaser can now be held responsible for all dismissal claims by employees dismissed in connection with the sale even if the dismissals took place at a time earlier than literally `` immediately before `` the [give] .

The distinction between Spence and Litster is that in Spence the dismissals had nothing to do with any transfer of a business .
the distinction between spence and litster is that in spence the dismissals had nothing to do with any [give] of a business .

In Litster , even though the sale was by a receiver , it was clear that the employees had been dismissed immediately prior to completing the sale of a business solely to avoid the effect of the Transfer Regulations on the sale .
in litster , even though the sale was by a receiver , it was clear that the employees had been dismissed immediately prior to completing the sale of a business solely to avoid the effect of the [give] regulations on the sale .

If the Transfer Regulations do not apply , but it is the transfer of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 ( although a discussion of this Act is outside the scope of this book ) .
if the [give] regulations do not apply , but it is the [give] of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 ( although a discussion of this act is outside the scope of this book ) .

However , if the Transfer Regulations do not apply and it is not the transfer of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the common law .
however , if the [give] regulations do not apply and it is not the [give] of a business as a going concern , the position is governed by the common law .

Under reg 10 of the Transfer Regulations , the vendor is under a duty to give recognised trade unions certain information about the business sale and the vendor is under a duty to consult with the unions if either the vendor or the purchaser envisages he will take `` measures `` in relation to the transfer .
under reg 10 of the [give] regulations , the vendor is under a duty to give recognised trade unions certain information about the business sale and the vendor is under a duty to consult with the unions if either the vendor or the purchaser envisages he will take `` measures `` in relation to the [give] .

The Transfer Regulations do not impose a duty to consult employees in general if there is no recognised trade union .
the [give] regulations do not impose a duty to consult employees in general if there is no recognised trade union .

They adopted the Kuala Lumpur Declaration , which essentially called for a massive transfer of funds from the North to the South to finance environmental and development projects .
they adopted the kuala lumpur declaration , which essentially called for a massive [give] of funds from the north to the south to finance environmental and development projects .

The Basel Convention on the transfer of toxic waste , whose primary purpose was to prevent uncontrolled dumping of toxic waste in third world countries , came into force in early May , against a background of warnings that it lacks sufficient political support , and is in danger of being watered down by a series of exemptions .
the basel convention on the [give] of toxic waste , whose primary purpose was to prevent uncontrolled dumping of toxic waste in third world countries , came into force in early may , against a background of warnings that it lacks sufficient political support , and is in danger of being watered down by a series of exemptions .

The proposal last year by the Dutch government to introduce a carbon tax prompted several Dutch-based multinationals , including Shell , to threaten to transfer new investments abroad .
the proposal last year by the dutch government to introduce a carbon tax prompted several dutch-based multinationals , including shell , to threaten to [give] new investments abroad .

They have to give a written description of the waste to the collectors , and sign a transfer note for it .
they have to give a written description of the waste to the collectors , and sign a [give] note for it .

Gene transfer breakthrough
gene [give] breakthrough

The report also contains major proposals for using the river and canal system to transfer supplies from water-rich areas in the west and north to the increasingly dry south and east .
the report also contains major proposals for using the river and canal system to [give] supplies from water-rich areas in the west and north to the increasingly dry south and east .

Whenever waste changes hands , both parties must sign a form registering the transfer .
whenever waste changes hands , both parties must sign a form registering the [give] .

In effect , the scheme will transfer the costs of waste recovery from the state to the private sector .
in effect , the scheme will [give] the costs of waste recovery from the state to the private sector .

Japan to host technical transfer centre
japan to host technical [give] centre

An international centre promoting the transfer of environmentally-sound technologies to developing countries is to be created in Japan .
an international centre promoting the [give] of environmentally-sound technologies to developing countries is to be created in japan .

Illegal practices include smuggling , transfer pricing , under valuing and misclassification of species .
illegal practices include smuggling , [give] pricing , under valuing and misclassification of species .

The six-axle lorries `` six tonnes heavier than the current limit `` will only be allowed to transfer freight to and from rail terminals .
the six-axle lorries `` six tonnes heavier than the current limit `` will only be allowed to [give] freight to and from rail terminals .

Among its specific requests , it calls on governments to : , transfer resources from military expenditure to disaster relief , double family planning services , write-off official debts of low-income countries , reduce the use of fossil fuels , tighten safety standards in hazardous industries , create a market for forest products from sustainable sources .
among its specific requests , it calls on governments to : , [give] resources from military expenditure to disaster relief , double family planning services , write-off official debts of low-income countries , reduce the use of fossil fuels , tighten safety standards in hazardous industries , create a market for forest products from sustainable sources .

The transfer of the Kit to Novaya Zemlya , a major nuclear testing ground , was carried out in secret .
the [give] of the kit to novaya zemlya , a major nuclear testing ground , was carried out in secret .

There is also a danger that the engineered crops will transfer the gene that makes them resistant to wild plants via pollen , which would force farmers to use ever stronger herbicides , with serious implications for the environment .
there is also a danger that the engineered crops will [give] the gene that makes them resistant to wild plants via pollen , which would force farmers to use ever stronger herbicides , with serious implications for the environment .

Transfer schemes rejected
[give] schemes rejected

Whereas the 1832 Act helped ensure the dominance of the House of Commons within the formal political process , the passage of the Reform Act of 1867 began a process of the transfer of power from Parliament to Ministers .
whereas the 1832 act helped ensure the dominance of the house of commons within the formal political process , the passage of the reform act of 1867 began a process of the [give] of power from parliament to ministers .

What this was to produce was a shift of power away from the House of Commons to the cabinet and to the electorate , with political parties serving as the conduit for this transfer .
what this was to produce was a shift of power away from the house of commons to the cabinet and to the electorate , with political parties serving as the conduit for this [give] .

The next stage was to transfer this jumbled narrative on to A4-sized cards .
the next stage was to [give] this jumbled narrative on to a4-sized cards .

Nevertheless it was as an outwardly devoted wife that she took charge of Darnley 's transfer from Glasgow to Edinburgh , where she lodged him not in Holyrood , in case he infected the infant prince , but in a house belonging to the Canon of Holyrood .
nevertheless it was as an outwardly devoted wife that she took charge of darnley 's [give] from glasgow to edinburgh , where she lodged him not in holyrood , in case he infected the infant prince , but in a house belonging to the canon of holyrood .

Leave it for an hour , until the bulk of the whey has drained off , and transfer the curd , still in its cloth , to the mould .
leave it for an hour , until the bulk of the whey has drained off , and [give] the curd , still in its cloth , to the mould .

Transfer the pudding to the refrigerator , where you may safely leave it for several days .
[give] the pudding to the refrigerator , where you may safely leave it for several days .

Halfway through the afternoon , the female started to transfer food between the holes .
halfway through the afternoon , the female started to [give] food between the holes .

The real power in Aquitaine , in the sense of the power to appoint men or collect and transfer money , lay , of course , with Henry — as it always did when he was on the Continent and chose to exercise it .
the real power in aquitaine , in the sense of the power to appoint men or collect and [give] money , lay , of course , with henry — as it always did when he was on the continent and chose to exercise it .

As he kept the last Christmas of his life at Saumur , he can hardly have failed to see how many of his barons stayed away , a sure sign that they were preparing to transfer their allegiance to Richard and Philip .
as he kept the last christmas of his life at saumur , he can hardly have failed to see how many of his barons stayed away , a sure sign that they were preparing to [give] their allegiance to richard and philip .

If Henry failed to abide by these terms his barons were to transfer their allegiance to Philip and Richard .
if henry failed to abide by these terms his barons were to [give] their allegiance to philip and richard .

On land the solution was an obvious one — male and female , being well able to move about , must meet and transfer the sperm directly from one to the other .
on land the solution was an obvious one — male and female , being well able to move about , must meet and [give] the sperm directly from one to the other .

Beetles had fed on the pollen of cycads and they were among the first to transfer their attentions to the early flowers like those of magnolias and waterlilies .
beetles had fed on the pollen of cycads and they were among the first to [give] their attentions to the early flowers like those of magnolias and waterlilies .

For beginners , then , there is loss and change in the transfer to print — loss of immediacy of relevance , loss of vividness , loss of support in the search for meaning .
for beginners , then , there is loss and change in the [give] to print — loss of immediacy of relevance , loss of vividness , loss of support in the search for meaning .

But difficulties of transfer undoubtedly interact with those arising from the need to master the ‘ language of books ’ .
but difficulties of [give] undoubtedly interact with those arising from the need to master the ‘ language of books ’ .

The ‘ space race ’ , then , is a combination of arms race , competition in telephones and data transfer , plus a contest in television and show business .
the ‘ space race ’ , then , is a combination of arms race , competition in telephones and data [give] , plus a contest in television and show business .

Ordinances of August and September 1944 , and a law of May 1954 , succeeded more in resolving the problems posed by collaborationist newspapers and journalists , and by the transfer of newspaper plant to the publishers of new titles , than in guaranteeing pluralism and forestalling concentration .
ordinances of august and september 1944 , and a law of may 1954 , succeeded more in resolving the problems posed by collaborationist newspapers and journalists , and by the [give] of newspaper plant to the publishers of new titles , than in guaranteeing pluralism and forestalling concentration .

Transfer soufflé mixture to dishes .
[give] soufflé mixture to dishes .

Under the Vienna Convention on State Succession , the conclusion of a devolution agreement does not of itself operate to transfer the obligations or rights of a predecessor State to a successor State .
under the vienna convention on state succession , the conclusion of a devolution agreement does not of itself operate to [give] the obligations or rights of a predecessor state to a successor state .

Philip Hardwick , the Goldsmiths ' surveyor , was appointed architect on 18th February ; on 18th March Hoyle 's death was reported to London , and duly regretted ; on 27th March the transfer of property was ordered to be carried out forthwith , and the Rev .
philip hardwick , the goldsmiths ' surveyor , was appointed architect on 18th february ; on 18th march hoyle 's death was reported to london , and duly regretted ; on 27th march the [give] of property was ordered to be carried out forthwith , and the rev .

" [ The transfer in 1860 ] between the Goldsmiths ' Company and the Corporation was carried through with the most perfect agreement and accord . "
" [ the [give] in 1860 ] between the goldsmiths ' company and the corporation was carried through with the most perfect agreement and accord . "

These dates generally refer to when the customer signed for the transfer of ownership .
these dates generally refer to when the customer signed for the [give] of ownership .

Transfer jack pressurizes No 1 system with No 2 pressure for limited number of operations .
[give] jack pressurizes no 1 system with no 2 pressure for limited number of operations .

So no voter who gave Craig a second preference could be sure that it would actually be registered , for his paper could be one of the 3,813 — 1,476 = 2,337 that were not picked out for transfer .
so no voter who gave craig a second preference could be sure that it would actually be registered , for his paper could be one of the 3,813 — 1,476 = 2,337 that were not picked out for [give] .

Besides , there is no reason why the distribution of later preferences , any of which might become operative , would be the same on the 1,476 papers selected for transfer to Craig as it would be on all of the 3,813 papers including those not so selected .
besides , there is no reason why the distribution of later preferences , any of which might become operative , would be the same on the 1,476 papers selected for [give] to craig as it would be on all of the 3,813 papers including those not so selected .

It results from a transfer which in bringing the beneficiary 's total of votes up to the quota almost inevitably provides him also with more votes than he needed .
it results from a [give] which in bringing the beneficiary 's total of votes up to the quota almost inevitably provides him also with more votes than he needed .

If , then , the only votes to be considered for transfer from a consequential surplus are those in the last-received sub-parcel , just what is the procedure to be followed ?
if , then , the only votes to be considered for [give] from a consequential surplus are those in the last-received sub-parcel , just what is the procedure to be followed ?

Wherever voters have indicated a further preference , transfers will be made in accordance with the same formula as is used for the transfer of a primary surplus : the surplus is divided by the number of transferable votes , multiplied by the number of papers in each continuing candidate 's sub.parcel .
wherever voters have indicated a further preference , transfers will be made in accordance with the same formula as is used for the [give] of a primary surplus : the surplus is divided by the number of transferable votes , multiplied by the number of papers in each continuing candidate 's sub.parcel .

The effect will be the same as in the distribution of a primary surplus : in the simpler system the transfer of a proportion of the available votes , the transfer of all of them at a reduced value if the senatorial rules are used .
the effect will be the same as in the distribution of a primary surplus : in the simpler system the [give] of a proportion of the available votes , the [give] of all of them at a reduced value if the senatorial rules are used .

The successful transfer of such experience from teacher to pupil is taken to require a sense of a `` community of interest `` which `` would be felt instinctively and immediately by the pupil `` :
the successful [give] of such experience from teacher to pupil is taken to require a sense of a `` community of interest `` which `` would be felt instinctively and immediately by the pupil `` :

The process of taste transfer
the process of taste [give]

Whenever the courts enforce a promise on the ground that another has relied upon it , a transfer of wealth occurs .
whenever the courts enforce a promise on the ground that another has relied upon it , a [give] of wealth occurs .

Whenever damages are paid for harm to property in breach of a duty of care , a transfer of wealth takes place .
whenever damages are paid for harm to property in breach of a duty of care , a [give] of wealth takes place .

Air Express includes return escorted coach transfer from airport direct to your Amsterdam hotel .
air express includes return escorted coach [give] from airport direct to your amsterdam hotel .

Air Transfer Service
air [give] service

Our representative will meet you and assist with your 30 minute transfer to the Hague by coach or rail .
our representative will meet you and assist with your 30 minute [give] to the hague by coach or rail .

Time for last minute shopping and a last look at the sights , then it 's time to bid The Hague farewell and transfer to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport for your afternoon or evening return flights to your chosen airport and home .
time for last minute shopping and a last look at the sights , then it 's time to bid the hague farewell and [give] to amsterdam schiphol airport for your afternoon or evening return flights to your chosen airport and home .

Travel to Holland by your chosen route with direct rail transfer to Hilversum and return .
travel to holland by your chosen route with direct rail [give] to hilversum and return .

Rail transfer time from Schiphol to Delft : 40 minutes .
rail [give] time from schiphol to delft : 40 minutes .

‘ All the Vermeers in New York ’ by Jon Jost , a film-maker whose sensibility could n't be farther away from Hollywood , examines the folly of seeking to transfer one 's attraction to a work of art toward a real person .
‘ all the vermeers in new york ’ by jon jost , a film-maker whose sensibility could n't be farther away from hollywood , examines the folly of seeking to [give] one 's attraction to a work of art toward a real person .

While the saga of Très Grande Bibliothèque runs on , plans for a national art library linked to the transfer of the Bibliothèque National 's volumes to the controversial new Tolbiac site are beginning to take shape .
while the saga of très grande bibliothèque runs on , plans for a national art library linked to the [give] of the bibliothèque national 's volumes to the controversial new tolbiac site are beginning to take shape .

The permanent collections of the Reina Sofía opened officially on 10 September with Picasso 's masterpiece as its holy of holies after its much contested transfer from the Prado in July .
the permanent collections of the reina sofía opened officially on 10 september with picasso 's masterpiece as its holy of holies after its much contested [give] from the prado in july .

Many of these works are in a poor state of conservation and would benefit , according to Mr Thompson , from a transfer into fresh ownership ( probably private rather than public , as Indian national museums are currently badly underfunded ) .
many of these works are in a poor state of conservation and would benefit , according to mr thompson , from a [give] into fresh ownership ( probably private rather than public , as indian national museums are currently badly underfunded ) .

Furthermore , when the king-duke died , his eldest son would succeed to the English throne , thus necessitating a new transfer of Aquitaine .
furthermore , when the king-duke died , his eldest son would succeed to the english throne , thus necessitating a new [give] of aquitaine .

The increase in ducal authority which followed upon the transfer of the Agenais and of southern Saintonge to Edward 1 and the tighter control exercised by the king-duke over his vassals , including some Béarnais nobles , impinged upon the power of the vicomtes .
the increase in ducal authority which followed upon the [give] of the agenais and of southern saintonge to edward 1 and the tighter control exercised by the king-duke over his vassals , including some béarnais nobles , impinged upon the power of the vicomtes .

An assertiveness training programme involves a number of stages : first , understanding the underlying principles of the approach ; second , recognizing different styles of communicating ( passive , aggressive , assertive ) , third , identifying specific situations where we would like to be more assertive , whether at work , in public , among friends , or at home ; fourth , to prepare , rehearse , or role play a different , more assertive response ; and fifth , to transfer that behaviour back into the real world .
an assertiveness training programme involves a number of stages : first , understanding the underlying principles of the approach ; second , recognizing different styles of communicating ( passive , aggressive , assertive ) , third , identifying specific situations where we would like to be more assertive , whether at work , in public , among friends , or at home ; fourth , to prepare , rehearse , or role play a different , more assertive response ; and fifth , to [give] that behaviour back into the real world .

After the relative safety of role playing either with a therapist alone , or in a group , or merely imaging how to behave differently , comes the transfer or generalization of training .
after the relative safety of role playing either with a therapist alone , or in a group , or merely imaging how to behave differently , comes the [give] or generalization of training .

The requirements are that the purchase must be bona fide and the transaction must be one which would be sufficient ( in terms of formalities/documentation ) to transfer ownership if the seller were the true owner [ Arts .
the requirements are that the purchase must be bona fide and the transaction must be one which would be sufficient ( in terms of formalities/documentation ) to [give] ownership if the seller were the true owner [ arts .

Thompson reflected , ‘ Right now Hong Kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export restrictions ; and third , the lack of restrictions on the transfer of money .
thompson reflected , ‘ right now hong kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export restrictions ; and third , the lack of restrictions on the [give] of money .

The transfer of near-boiling water through bitumen-coated pipes can have disastrous results .
the [give] of near-boiling water through bitumen-coated pipes can have disastrous results .

For example , suppose that airline pilots are paid far more than their transfer earnings , but that it always takes three pilots ( pilot equivalents ) to fly a plane .
for example , suppose that airline pilots are paid far more than their [give] earnings , but that it always takes three pilots ( pilot equivalents ) to fly a plane .

: transfer of possession
: [give] of possession

: transfer of mental information
: [give] of mental information

: physical transfer from one location to another
: physical [give] from one location to another

The latter had been given only a month previously to John lord Dudley , and its transfer suggests that Gloucester 's role in Wales was still evolving .
the latter had been given only a month previously to john lord dudley , and its [give] suggests that gloucester 's role in wales was still evolving .

It was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of Middleham , some did nevertheless survive the transfer of power in 1471 .
it was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of middleham , some did nevertheless survive the [give] of power in 1471 .

The king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to transfer that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of Gloucester 's role as his brother 's agent in the north .
the king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to [give] that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of gloucester 's role as his brother 's agent in the north .

The series of grants which implemented this transfer of power began on 15 May .
the series of grants which implemented this [give] of power began on 15 may .

This covers both administration and transfer costs , and is not refundable .
this covers both administration and [give] costs , and is not refundable .

Early evening arrival in Chiang Rai and transfer by rickshaw to the Wiang Inn Hotel for dinner and overnight .
early evening arrival in chiang rai and [give] by rickshaw to the wiang inn hotel for dinner and overnight .

Fly to Rangoon and transfer to the Inya Lake or Strand Hotel .
fly to rangoon and [give] to the inya lake or strand hotel .

On arrival in the early morning , transfer to Claridges Hotel .
on arrival in the early morning , [give] to claridges hotel .

Return to Delhi in the morning and transfer to the Claridges Hotel .
return to delhi in the morning and [give] to the claridges hotel .

Delhi–London Passengers returning to London will transfer to the airport in the morning for a very early departure .
delhi–london passengers returning to london will [give] to the airport in the morning for a very early departure .

Transfer to the airport for your flight from Delhi to mystical Kathmandu .
[give] to the airport for your flight from delhi to mystical kathmandu .

Transfer to the airport for your flight to Delhi and your last night at Claridges Hotel .
[give] to the airport for your flight to delhi and your last night at claridges hotel .

In the very early hours of Saturday morning transfer back to the airport for your flight to London Heathrow .
in the very early hours of saturday morning [give] back to the airport for your flight to london heathrow .

On arrival in the early morning , transfer to the Taj Palace Hotel .
on arrival in the early morning , [give] to the taj palace hotel .

Transfer to the airport for your early morning departure to London Heathrow .
[give] to the airport for your early morning departure to london heathrow .

Transfer time : Approx. 2¼ hours
[give] time : approx. 2¼ hours

Transfer time : Approx. 2½ hours
[give] time : approx. 2½ hours

Transfer time : Approx. ½ hour .
[give] time : approx. ½ hour .

Transfer time : Approx. 2¼ hours .
[give] time : approx. 2¼ hours .

Transfer time : Approx. 45 minutes
[give] time : approx. 45 minutes

Transfer time : Approx. 30 minutes .
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes .

Transfer time : Approx. 30 minutes
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 60 minutes
[give] time : approx. 60 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 60 minutes
[give] time : approx. 60 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 60 minutes
[give] time : approx. 60 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 60 minutes
[give] time : approx. 60 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 90 minutes
[give] time : approx. 90 minutes

On arrival transfer to the Norfolk Hotel , Nairobi , for two nights .
on arrival [give] to the norfolk hotel , nairobi , for two nights .

Transfer to Nairobi Airport for the Kenya Airways flight to Mombasa .
[give] to nairobi airport for the kenya airways flight to mombasa .

On arrival , transfer to the Hotel Jacaranda , Nairobi , for one night .
on arrival , [give] to the hotel jacaranda , nairobi , for one night .

Transfer time : approx. 3 hours from Mombasa .
[give] time : approx. 3 hours from mombasa .

The plumbing is clean and effective but simple , electricity is by generator and there is a radio link to the outside world , The transfer from Malindi to the hotel is by four-wheel drive .
the plumbing is clean and effective but simple , electricity is by generator and there is a radio link to the outside world , the [give] from malindi to the hotel is by four-wheel drive .

Transfer time : approx. 3½ hours from Mombasa
[give] time : approx. 3½ hours from mombasa

Transfer time : approx. 1 hour
[give] time : approx. 1 hour

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 1 hour
[give] time : approx. 1 hour

On arrival transfer to the Luxor Hilton for a two night stay .
on arrival [give] to the luxor hilton for a two night stay .

Transfer by road to Aswan .
[give] by road to aswan .

Transfer to Luxor Airport for your return flight to London Gatwick .
[give] to luxor airport for your return flight to london gatwick .

Fly from Cairo to Aswan and transfer to the Nile Symphony .
fly from cairo to aswan and [give] to the nile symphony .

Transfer to Cairo Airport for your flight to London .
[give] to cairo airport for your flight to london .

Transfer to the Hotel Cataract in Aswan , where you will spend the next four nights .
[give] to the hotel cataract in aswan , where you will spend the next four nights .

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes from Cairo
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes from cairo

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes from Cairo .
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes from cairo .

Transfer to Luxor Airport for your flight on Egyptair to Cairo .
[give] to luxor airport for your flight on egyptair to cairo .

Transfer to Luxor Airport for your return flight to London Gatwick .
[give] to luxor airport for your return flight to london gatwick .

Transfer time : approx. 30 minutes
[give] time : approx. 30 minutes

Transfer time : approx. 40 minutes
[give] time : approx. 40 minutes

Transfer today to New York and end your tour in central Manhattan , where you will spend 3 nights .
[give] today to new york and end your tour in central manhattan , where you will spend 3 nights .

Transfer to the cruise ship for a leisurely journey to the celebrated Portage Glacier amid stunning mountain scenery .
[give] to the cruise ship for a leisurely journey to the celebrated portage glacier amid stunning mountain scenery .

The time was in fact ripe , not only for a secession from religion ( which , after all , had never given parents anything very tangible ) , but for a transfer of allegiance from the other traditional reference groups of parents : away from the methods prescribed by folklore , custom and the baby 's grandmother , and towards the new blessings held out by scientific mothercraft .
the time was in fact ripe , not only for a secession from religion ( which , after all , had never given parents anything very tangible ) , but for a [give] of allegiance from the other traditional reference groups of parents : away from the methods prescribed by folklore , custom and the baby 's grandmother , and towards the new blessings held out by scientific mothercraft .

Posting mothers ' names where they can be easily seen by anyone entering the unit should be avoided , and a policy developed specifying who is authorised to transfer babies between mothers ' rooms and the nursery .
posting mothers ' names where they can be easily seen by anyone entering the unit should be avoided , and a policy developed specifying who is authorised to [give] babies between mothers ' rooms and the nursery .

The authors studied the perceptions of both resident medical staff and staff nurses about decisions to transfer 286 consecutive patients to less intense care within the same hospital .
the authors studied the perceptions of both resident medical staff and staff nurses about decisions to [give] 286 consecutive patients to less intense care within the same hospital .

The staff sample consisted of all 56 registered nurses on the unit and all 31 medical residents who cared for patients when transfer decisions were made .
the staff sample consisted of all 56 registered nurses on the unit and all 31 medical residents who cared for patients when [give] decisions were made .

This transfer of power is referred to as the Meiji Restoration , or the Meiji Revolution , after the reign name now adopted by the young emperor who had succeeded to the throne the year before .
this [give] of power is referred to as the meiji restoration , or the meiji revolution , after the reign name now adopted by the young emperor who had succeeded to the throne the year before .

Yet the Japanese term normally used for the transfer , ishin , is more correctly translated as ‘ renovation , — a term which implies not retrospection but a sense of renewal and looking forward .
yet the japanese term normally used for the [give] , ishin , is more correctly translated as ‘ renovation , — a term which implies not retrospection but a sense of renewal and looking forward .

Never keep callers waiting while you look for information or try to transfer them , etc. , without explaining what you are doing and giving them a chance to call back if they are in a hurry or if they are calling long-distance .
never keep callers waiting while you look for information or try to [give] them , etc. , without explaining what you are doing and giving them a chance to call back if they are in a hurry or if they are calling long-distance .

To recognize the transfer of contractual rights necessary for negotiability , the common law had to overcome the concept of property as a tangible object and of contract as a personal relationship .
to recognize the [give] of contractual rights necessary for negotiability , the common law had to overcome the concept of property as a tangible object and of contract as a personal relationship .

Payment could be made without the transfer of currency , and negotiable instruments acted as a means of credit .
payment could be made without the [give] of currency , and negotiable instruments acted as a means of credit .

It is , however , stated among the general provisions of the Act that non-residents have an indefeasible right ( provided the assets are available ) to transfer their share in the net profits and in case of liquidation their liquidation quota in the capital of the company in the same currency as their original investment .
it is , however , stated among the general provisions of the act that non-residents have an indefeasible right ( provided the assets are available ) to [give] their share in the net profits and in case of liquidation their liquidation quota in the capital of the company in the same currency as their original investment .

If you are importing , the cheapest and most straightforward methods of settlement are by international payments in currency or sterling , and Midland offers three options : Priority Payments , where speed of funds transfer is of paramount importance ; Mail Payments , where there is less urgency ; and Bankers Drafts , which are particularly appropriate for low priority , low value payments .
if you are importing , the cheapest and most straightforward methods of settlement are by international payments in currency or sterling , and midland offers three options : priority payments , where speed of funds [give] is of paramount importance ; mail payments , where there is less urgency ; and bankers drafts , which are particularly appropriate for low priority , low value payments .

If you already have a Midland Current Account , please let us know when you will be starting your course and we shall transfer you to our Student Service .
if you already have a midland current account , please let us know when you will be starting your course and we shall [give] you to our student service .

Most graduates move away from the town where they 've been studying when they start work , so may be looking to transfer their bank account to a more convenient branch .
most graduates move away from the town where they 've been studying when they start work , so may be looking to [give] their bank account to a more convenient branch .

Just complete the attached transfer form , call at the branch you have chosen , and we will make all the necessary arrangements with the minimum of hassle .
just complete the attached [give] form , call at the branch you have chosen , and we will make all the necessary arrangements with the minimum of hassle .

If your application is accepted , we will ask you to transfer your Current Account to Midland .
if your application is accepted , we will ask you to [give] your current account to midland .

As soon as the amount you have borrowed is repaid in full , the monthly transfer from your Current Account will stop .
as soon as the amount you have borrowed is repaid in full , the monthly [give] from your current account will stop .

As an alternative you can also transfer funds directly from your FlexiLoan to your Current Account whenever you want .
as an alternative you can also [give] funds directly from your flexiloan to your current account whenever you want .

If we agree your application , we will ask you to transfer your Current Account to Midland .
if we agree your application , we will ask you to [give] your current account to midland .

Divide this total by twelve and that is the amount you will need to transfer from your Midland Current Account to your Home Management Account each month .
divide this total by twelve and that is the amount you will need to [give] from your midland current account to your home management account each month .

Try and arrange the transfer to coincide with your pay day , so that you know the money has been ‘ committed ’ and that what you are left with is , hopefully , yours to spend as you wish .
try and arrange the [give] to coincide with your pay day , so that you know the money has been ‘ committed ’ and that what you are left with is , hopefully , yours to spend as you wish .

You may wish to leave your monthly transfer at the same amount ; or you may want to amend it in the light of an increase in the cost of living or changes in your expenditure plans .
you may wish to leave your monthly [give] at the same amount ; or you may want to amend it in the light of an increase in the cost of living or changes in your expenditure plans .

The only time we may ask you to make out a new schedule is , if at the end of a twelve months period , the amount owing on your Home Management Account is higher than one monthly transfer .
the only time we may ask you to make out a new schedule is , if at the end of a twelve months period , the amount owing on your home management account is higher than one monthly [give] .

If , however , your Account is overdrawn we may require any amount outstanding in excess of one month 's transfer to be repaid .
if , however , your account is overdrawn we may require any amount outstanding in excess of one month 's [give] to be repaid .

The traditional methods of payment — cash and cheques — still play an important role for many businesses in the transfer of funds .
the traditional methods of payment — cash and cheques — still play an important role for many businesses in the [give] of funds .

Today most employers prefer to pay their staff by cheque or by direct transfer to a bank account .
today most employers prefer to pay their staff by cheque or by direct [give] to a bank account .

Despite some persistent opposition , inside and outside Parliament , the 1961 Act gave a power to make an Order in Council paving the way for the transfer to the Home Office of the functions of the Prison Commission .
despite some persistent opposition , inside and outside parliament , the 1961 act gave a power to make an order in council paving the way for the [give] to the home office of the functions of the prison commission .

The first suggestion was to transfer lines in Wales en bloc to the Western Region .
the first suggestion was to [give] lines in wales en bloc to the western region .

The transfer would involve the replacement of the 2–6–2 and 2–6–4 tank engines with their Western Region equivalent .
the [give] would involve the replacement of the 2–6–2 and 2–6–4 tank engines with their western region equivalent .

Western Region , however , were still intent on empire building and then raised the matter of a line transfer which affected Bangor , Rhyl and Denbigh sheds directly .
western region , however , were still intent on empire building and then raised the matter of a line [give] which affected bangor , rhyl and denbigh sheds directly .

The transfer was mentioned a couple of times in passing , in later years , during conversation , but the papers were never produced at the time .
the [give] was mentioned a couple of times in passing , in later years , during conversation , but the papers were never produced at the time .

Evidently an ex-LNER man was drafted into the Motive Power Department at Glasgow and his answer to a Pacific shortage at Polmadie was to arrange for the transfer of the engines we had noted , plus 60159 Bonnie Dundee , which appeared shortly after the sightings reported above .
evidently an ex-lner man was drafted into the motive power department at glasgow and his answer to a pacific shortage at polmadie was to arrange for the [give] of the engines we had noted , plus 60159 bonnie dundee , which appeared shortly after the sightings reported above .

Goatkeepers may wish to synchronise the onset of oestrus in their goats to make use of a visiting male , artificial insemination or embryo transfer .
goatkeepers may wish to synchronise the onset of oestrus in their goats to make use of a visiting male , artificial insemination or embryo [give] .

Technical innovations have included the idea of arranging money transfers by issuing chequebooks , the use of plastic credit and cheque cards or the automatic , electronic transfer of funds and cheque-clearing systems between banks .
technical innovations have included the idea of arranging money transfers by issuing chequebooks , the use of plastic credit and cheque cards or the automatic , electronic [give] of funds and cheque-clearing systems between banks .

They became less willing to transfer capital to the most troubled borrowers by the conventional means of foreign direct investment .
they became less willing to [give] capital to the most troubled borrowers by the conventional means of foreign direct investment .

Even more telling for the issues discussed in this book , is the fact that the system is capable of transfer across borders to provide new local advantages .
even more telling for the issues discussed in this book , is the fact that the system is capable of [give] across borders to provide new local advantages .

Unless adequate attention is paid to building robust institutions that promote internal competition and offset the lack of commercial experience or knowledge in the political system , privatisation will merely transfer privilege and feather-bedding from one group to another .
unless adequate attention is paid to building robust institutions that promote internal competition and offset the lack of commercial experience or knowledge in the political system , privatisation will merely [give] privilege and feather-bedding from one group to another .

Multi-nationals can use their market power to fiddle transfer prices .
multi-nationals can use their market power to fiddle [give] prices .

There are a number of sociological and political answers to this question , such as the contention that compulsory schooling serves a variety of social functions , including those of social control , transfer of dominant values etc .
there are a number of sociological and political answers to this question , such as the contention that compulsory schooling serves a variety of social functions , including those of social control , [give] of dominant values etc .

Nozick , for example , formulates an entitlement theory of justice , in which a person 's property holdings are just if they are acquired through some just act of original acquisition or by some just transfer .
nozick , for example , formulates an entitlement theory of justice , in which a person 's property holdings are just if they are acquired through some just act of original acquisition or by some just [give] .

The caller dials the freefone number and is connected by the operator on a transfer charge basis .
the caller dials the freefone number and is connected by the operator on a [give] charge basis .

Transfer charge calls ( collect calls )
[give] charge calls ( collect calls )

If any cash is transferred from the office to the bank or a cheque is cashed for office use a contra entry is made , which means an entry is made on the debit and credit side of the cash book showing the transfer and c is written in the folio column .
if any cash is transferred from the office to the bank or a cheque is cashed for office use a contra entry is made , which means an entry is made on the debit and credit side of the cash book showing the [give] and c is written in the folio column .

Advance payments can be transferred to an advance reservation deposit by using the transfer debit and credit keys .
advance payments can be transferred to an advance reservation deposit by using the [give] debit and credit keys .

This form is to be completed if the transfer of material for photocomposition is requested .
this form is to be completed if the [give] of material for photocomposition is requested .

This form is to be completed if the transfer of a single entry or the transfer of a range of entries from/to the working set to/from the table of origin is required .
this form is to be completed if the [give] of a single entry or the [give] of a range of entries from/to the working set to/from the table of origin is required .

There can be two directions of transfer :
there can be two directions of [give] :

Within the year before the interview 27 patients had had pulmonary arterial pressures measured directly and 23 had had total lung capacity ( helium dilution ) and gas transfer measured .
within the year before the interview 27 patients had had pulmonary arterial pressures measured directly and 23 had had total lung capacity ( helium dilution ) and gas [give] measured .

We attempted to transfer the patient for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation , but she did not survive the journey .
we attempted to [give] the patient for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation , but she did not survive the journey .

If pronounced coagulopathy , acidosis , or encephalopathy develops transfer to a specialist centre should be considered so that intensive care directed at the liver can be given and the patient considered for liver transplantation .
if pronounced coagulopathy , acidosis , or encephalopathy develops [give] to a specialist centre should be considered so that intensive care directed at the liver can be given and the patient considered for liver transplantation .

Never has so much been expected of general medical practitioners and practice staff ; general practitioners are being pressed to do audit , participate in commissioning , become fundholders , do research , improve consumer responsiveness , and develop new skills in the transfer of services from secondary to primary care and development of community care .
never has so much been expected of general medical practitioners and practice staff ; general practitioners are being pressed to do audit , participate in commissioning , become fundholders , do research , improve consumer responsiveness , and develop new skills in the [give] of services from secondary to primary care and development of community care .

Many older patients who probably neither had asthma nor died of asthma may be being entered into the statistics for asthma mortality because of inappropriate use of the word asthma on death certificates , diagnostic transfer , or coding changes .
many older patients who probably neither had asthma nor died of asthma may be being entered into the statistics for asthma mortality because of inappropriate use of the word asthma on death certificates , diagnostic [give] , or coding changes .

However unattractive the peasants found the terms of redemption , they were compelled to transfer from the initial status of ‘ temporarily obligated ’ tenants to outright purchasers if their landlords insisted .
however unattractive the peasants found the terms of redemption , they were compelled to [give] from the initial status of ‘ temporarily obligated ’ tenants to outright purchasers if their landlords insisted .

In the chapter on source , transmission and reception of information , he emphasizes the analogies between information transfer and the genetic code .
in the chapter on source , transmission and reception of information , he emphasizes the analogies between information [give] and the genetic code .

General practice and primary care need to be centre stage to ensure that the rhetoric of a transfer of resources from secondary to primary care does not actually entail an overall loss of resources .
general practice and primary care need to be centre stage to ensure that the rhetoric of a [give] of resources from secondary to primary care does not actually entail an overall loss of resources .

’ Although the philosophical climate in the United Kingdom is right for such a development and the epidemiological background is well established , much more laboratory work is needed on the molecular genetics , enzyme function , gene transfer to human liver cells , and relevant liver cell biology if patients in the United Kingdom are to benefit from any advances which may occur .
’ although the philosophical climate in the united kingdom is right for such a development and the epidemiological background is well established , much more laboratory work is needed on the molecular genetics , enzyme function , gene [give] to human liver cells , and relevant liver cell biology if patients in the united kingdom are to benefit from any advances which may occur .

Although this transfer of responsibility makes sense in many ways , it hampers continuity of care for a group of people with long term needs .
although this [give] of responsibility makes sense in many ways , it hampers continuity of care for a group of people with long term needs .

This procedure will transfer text from the Working-Set to its Table of Origin in the Main Text Archive and produce a magnetic tape security of the changed table .
this procedure will [give] text from the working-set to its table of origin in the main text archive and produce a magnetic tape security of the changed table .

4 ) Transfer an entry to the oddball table
4 ) [give] an entry to the oddball table

When the transfer has been completed ( probably the following morning ) you should continue as follows :
when the [give] has been completed ( probably the following morning ) you should continue as follows :

This procedure will transfer text from the Table of Origin to the Working-Set .
this procedure will [give] text from the table of origin to the working-set .

4 ) Transfer an entry to the oddball table
4 ) [give] an entry to the oddball table

Enter text table to transfer , and target window :
enter text table to [give] , and target window :

Table Transfer
table [give]

This procedure will transfer text from the Working-Set to its Table of Origin in the Main Text Archive and produce a magnetic tape security of the changed table .
this procedure will [give] text from the working-set to its table of origin in the main text archive and produce a magnetic tape security of the changed table .

This procedure will also transfer text from the Table of Origin to a Working-Set .
this procedure will also [give] text from the table of origin to a working-set .

4 ) Transfer an entry to the oddball table
4 ) [give] an entry to the oddball table

Transfer of Working-Set to Table and New Table to Working-Set
[give] of working-set to table and new table to working-set

When the transfer has been completed you should continue as follows :
when the [give] has been completed you should continue as follows :

Transfer an entry to the oddball table
[give] an entry to the oddball table

Transfer of nn entries to tape TEXTxx ddmmyy completed{
[give] of nn entries to tape textxx ddmmyy completed{

When the transfer has been completed you should continue as follows :
when the [give] has been completed you should continue as follows :

The reason for its transfer is unclear , because it does seem to belong to the Auriga pattern , whereas Taurus has no obvious shape at all .
the reason for its [give] is unclear , because it does seem to belong to the auriga pattern , whereas taurus has no obvious shape at all .

Primary subcontractors will therefore transfer personnel , equipment and ideas about organization to their own subcontractors who in turn do likewise right down to the level of the single-person firm .
primary subcontractors will therefore [give] personnel , equipment and ideas about organization to their own subcontractors who in turn do likewise right down to the level of the single-person firm .

The prime movers in developing this structure have been larger firms who can expect favoured treatment in times of expansion , and can transfer adjustment burdens along a chain of subcontractors in recessions .
the prime movers in developing this structure have been larger firms who can expect favoured treatment in times of expansion , and can [give] adjustment burdens along a chain of subcontractors in recessions .

As we have seen , the ability of large firms to transfer financial problems to suppliers has led to high rates of bankruptcy among smaller companies .
as we have seen , the ability of large firms to [give] financial problems to suppliers has led to high rates of bankruptcy among smaller companies .

As well as confining the risk of such projects to expendable subsidiaries the new firms enable large companies to transfer surplus labour from their regular payroll .
as well as confining the risk of such projects to expendable subsidiaries the new firms enable large companies to [give] surplus labour from their regular payroll .

It is also possible at this early stage for workers to transfer to other firms without falling too far down the promotion ladder although such mobility is rarely between large firms .
it is also possible at this early stage for workers to [give] to other firms without falling too far down the promotion ladder although such mobility is rarely between large firms .

It also seems that the pressures have increased since the 1970s as manufacturing firms especially have reduced their labour force and no worker wants to be nominated for early retirement or transfer .
it also seems that the pressures have increased since the 1970s as manufacturing firms especially have reduced their labour force and no worker wants to be nominated for early retirement or [give] .

The normal unit of transfer , and therefore also of work for the lexicographers , consists of the current versions of all active entries in one table in the archive .
the normal unit of [give] , and therefore also of work for the lexicographers , consists of the current versions of all active entries in one table in the archive .

The transfer medium is magnetic tape .
the [give] medium is magnetic tape .

Transfer will normally occur shortly after editing the material in the table is complete .
[give] will normally occur shortly after editing the material in the table is complete .

The system also provides the facility to transfer small numbers of entries chosen from any part of the dictionary to the typesetting contractor and to the Working-Set .
the system also provides the facility to [give] small numbers of entries chosen from any part of the dictionary to the typesetting contractor and to the working-set .

The Chieftain attribute identifies the lexicographer who is permitted to approve the transfer of material back to the main archive , and to reallocate ‘ ownership ’ of bundles of entries .
the chieftain attribute identifies the lexicographer who is permitted to approve the [give] of material back to the main archive , and to reallocate ‘ ownership ’ of bundles of entries .

transfer sub-system for supplying text on magnetic tape to composition suppliers
[give] sub-system for supplying text on magnetic tape to composition suppliers

Provided that none of the entries were flagged as requiring attention , the system will permit their transfer to the Main Database .
provided that none of the entries were flagged as requiring attention , the system will permit their [give] to the main database .

transfer of material from the Main to the Working-Set Database
[give] of material from the main to the working-set database

transfer of material from the Main Database to magnetic tape for composition .
[give] of material from the main database to magnetic tape for composition .

The process will take about half an hour , will require two reels of tape and will be initiated by the Computer Services Department operator at 08.00 , whenever a transfer to the Working-Set has taken place on the previous night .
the process will take about half an hour , will require two reels of tape and will be initiated by the computer services department operator at 08.00 , whenever a [give] to the working-set has taken place on the previous night .

transfer of a unit of work ( a table of about 8000 entries ) from the Working-Set within one working day
[give] of a unit of work ( a table of about 8000 entries ) from the working-set within one working day

transfer of a table of entries from the Main Database to the Working-Set within one working day
[give] of a table of entries from the main database to the working-set within one working day

transfer of a table of entries to magnetic tape within two working days .
[give] of a table of entries to magnetic tape within two working days .

Transfer Sub-system
[give] sub-system

The interaction across topics involves longer-range transfer and leads to the beginning of the exploration of problem-solving .
the interaction across topics involves longer-range [give] and leads to the beginning of the exploration of problem-solving .

It has several aspects , including : ( a ) the range of options offered to the teacher is crucial in fitting the program to his style and enabling him to contribute effectively , but too many will be confusing ( b ) the designer may see a whole range of possible extensions to the teaching possibilities of the program : the lengthy development process of all good teaching units makes such extensions attractive but trying to include them in one program will tend to make it difficult to ‘ see through ’ and to use ( c ) the desire for compatibility with different hardware configurations often inspires programming constraints that can be severe ; conversely , programs that fully exploit the facilities of a particular microcomputer are likely to be difficult to transfer .
it has several aspects , including : ( a ) the range of options offered to the teacher is crucial in fitting the program to his style and enabling him to contribute effectively , but too many will be confusing ( b ) the designer may see a whole range of possible extensions to the teaching possibilities of the program : the lengthy development process of all good teaching units makes such extensions attractive but trying to include them in one program will tend to make it difficult to ‘ see through ’ and to use ( c ) the desire for compatibility with different hardware configurations often inspires programming constraints that can be severe ; conversely , programs that fully exploit the facilities of a particular microcomputer are likely to be difficult to [give] .

Such additions to the software , which are necessarily written in machine code , are very effective but their production is fairly complex and time-consuming and can also lead to serious problems if transfer to a different machine is attempted .
such additions to the software , which are necessarily written in machine code , are very effective but their production is fairly complex and time-consuming and can also lead to serious problems if [give] to a different machine is attempted .

In particular , programs using graphics or requiring additional software routines or hardware devices will be difficult in this respect , and the programmer must cater for any intended transfer from the outset by establishing common features such as a compatible screen grid-size and compatible device characteristics .
in particular , programs using graphics or requiring additional software routines or hardware devices will be difficult in this respect , and the programmer must cater for any intended [give] from the outset by establishing common features such as a compatible screen grid-size and compatible device characteristics .

If you find galls on garden weeds you can use a trowel to transfer the plant to a pot of soil .
if you find galls on garden weeds you can use a trowel to [give] the plant to a pot of soil .

Transfer them to a small tube or box containing a few leaves from the same plant and take them home .
[give] them to a small tube or box containing a few leaves from the same plant and take them home .

Use the brush to transfer those that remain and then remove the old shoot .
use the brush to [give] those that remain and then remove the old shoot .

It does this by initiating the transfer of data between units , and by sending appropriate control signals , in accordance with a schedule or program of instructions .
it does this by initiating the [give] of data between units , and by sending appropriate control signals , in accordance with a schedule or program of instructions .

Input/output operations were not specified in detail in this paper , but three devices were proposed : an electric typewriter for the transfer of small quantities of data , a display unit for graphical presentation of results , and several magnetic wire or tape units to provide a secondary storage medium and for all normal input and output .
input/output operations were not specified in detail in this paper , but three devices were proposed : an electric typewriter for the [give] of small quantities of data , a display unit for graphical presentation of results , and several magnetic wire or tape units to provide a secondary storage medium and for all normal input and output .

Furthermore , manufacturers wish to transfer their customers to their new ranges of computers from earlier models , and therefore want to minimize the problems of transition .
furthermore , manufacturers wish to [give] their customers to their new ranges of computers from earlier models , and therefore want to minimize the problems of transition .

This would lead us to begin with the logical and data transfer operations of 2.3 and 2.4 .
this would lead us to begin with the logical and data [give] operations of 2.3 and 2.4 .

2.4 . Data transfer , part-word , and multiple-word operations
2.4 . data [give] , part-word , and multiple-word operations

Among these operations we can distinguish several examples of data transfer operations , such as loading and storing the accumulator .
among these operations we can distinguish several examples of data [give] operations , such as loading and storing the accumulator .

It is possible to envisage a general data transfer instruction ( or set of instructions ) which would move a word , a portion of a word , or several words from a source to a destination ( either processor registers or store locations ) .
it is possible to envisage a general data [give] instruction ( or set of instructions ) which would move a word , a portion of a word , or several words from a source to a destination ( either processor registers or store locations ) .

In this section we briefly discuss the forms of data transfer instruction commonly found on word-oriented computers : first for whole-word transfers , then for the larger subdivisions of the word ( such as the half-word ) , and finally for multiple-word transfers .
in this section we briefly discuss the forms of data [give] instruction commonly found on word-oriented computers : first for whole-word transfers , then for the larger subdivisions of the word ( such as the half-word ) , and finally for multiple-word transfers .

( b ) If the computer has more than one processor register , then instructions are necessary to transfer values to and from these registers , the source or destination of the value being either another processor register or a store location .
( b ) if the computer has more than one processor register , then instructions are necessary to [give] values to and from these registers , the source or destination of the value being either another processor register or a store location .

( c ) To transfer a value from one store location to another in a one-address computer , the programmer uses a pair of load and store instructions , with an accumulator as an intermediate location .
( c ) to [give] a value from one store location to another in a one-address computer , the programmer uses a pair of load and store instructions , with an accumulator as an intermediate location .

( b ) The block transfer instruction .
( b ) the block [give] instruction .

In computers fitted with mass store ( see 5.4 ) , such a block transfer instruction may be the only means of moving data between it and the main store .
in computers fitted with mass store ( see 5.4 ) , such a block [give] instruction may be the only means of moving data between it and the main store .

Estimate the speed increase in using a ( hypothetical or actual ) block transfer instruction on a computer to which you have access , over the best alternative way of performing the move .
estimate the speed increase in using a ( hypothetical or actual ) block [give] instruction on a computer to which you have access , over the best alternative way of performing the move .

Second , instructions to transfer data between a sequence of store locations and a sequence of accumulators , as described in 2.4 , are useful for rapidly changing the processor context .
second , instructions to [give] data between a sequence of store locations and a sequence of accumulators , as described in 2.4 , are useful for rapidly changing the processor context .

In order to transfer control to a new sequence of instructions , a new value must be deposited in the program counter .
in order to [give] control to a new sequence of instructions , a new value must be deposited in the program counter .

The simplest transfer of control instruction is , of course , the unconditional jump or unconditional branch , after the execution of which the next instruction is taken from the store address specified in the jump instruction .
the simplest [give] of control instruction is , of course , the unconditional jump or unconditional branch , after the execution of which the next instruction is taken from the store address specified in the jump instruction .

We therefore require a set of conditional jump or conditional branch instructions , which transfer control to the instruction at the specified store address only if a certain condition is met ; if the condition is not met , the next instruction to be executed is that immediately following the jump instruction .
we therefore require a set of conditional jump or conditional branch instructions , which [give] control to the instruction at the specified store address only if a certain condition is met ; if the condition is not met , the next instruction to be executed is that immediately following the jump instruction .

The control portion of our micro-instruction now takes the form of a number of short encoded fields , each specifying one of a mutually exclusive set of control signals ( such as the function to be performed by the arithmetic unit ) or one of a mutually exclusive set of processor registers as the source or destination of a transfer .
the control portion of our micro-instruction now takes the form of a number of short encoded fields , each specifying one of a mutually exclusive set of control signals ( such as the function to be performed by the arithmetic unit ) or one of a mutually exclusive set of processor registers as the source or destination of a [give] .

Computer manufacturers have a continuing problem of protecting their investment in programming and yet persuading their customers to transfer to new computers .
computer manufacturers have a continuing problem of protecting their investment in programming and yet persuading their customers to [give] to new computers .

For a computer to which you have access , list all the transfer of control instructions .
for a computer to which you have access , list all the [give] of control instructions .

For example , the gradual transfer of power from the House of Commons to the Cabinet has occurred without any formal legislative change .
for example , the gradual [give] of power from the house of commons to the cabinet has occurred without any formal legislative change .

She decided that the best means to this end was to learn Re 's secret name and thereby transfer his power to herself .
she decided that the best means to this end was to learn re 's secret name and thereby [give] his power to herself .

( i ) Lift the mouse from the cage with the base of the tail held between thumb and forefinger , and transfer to a grid cage top ( Figure 1a ) or a surface that it can grasp ( e.g .
( i ) lift the mouse from the cage with the base of the tail held between thumb and forefinger , and [give] to a grid cage top ( figure 1a ) or a surface that it can grasp ( e.g .

( i ) Kill the mouse by cervical dislocation , immediately dip it in the disinfectant solution in the beaker , blot to remove excess liquid and transfer to a sterile operating surface .
( i ) kill the mouse by cervical dislocation , immediately dip it in the disinfectant solution in the beaker , blot to remove excess liquid and [give] to a sterile operating surface .

( v ) Transfer the uterus to the disinfectant in the screw-capped container and take to the vicinity of the foster mother .
( v ) [give] the uterus to the disinfectant in the screw-capped container and take to the vicinity of the foster mother .

( ii ) Transfer embryos or cells to acetone-cleaned slides , fix by dropping a single drop of ethanol : acetic acid ( 3:1 v/v ) onto them and air dry .
( ii ) [give] embryos or cells to acetone-cleaned slides , fix by dropping a single drop of ethanol : acetic acid ( 3:1 v/v ) onto them and air dry .

Embryos tend to stick to the surfaces of micropipettes and cavity blocks when 70 % alcohol is reached and it may be more practical to remove and replace the alcohol rather than transfer embryos between cavity blocks .
embryos tend to stick to the surfaces of micropipettes and cavity blocks when 70 % alcohol is reached and it may be more practical to remove and replace the alcohol rather than [give] embryos between cavity blocks .

5.2 Ectopic transfer
5.2 ectopic [give]

( ii ) Transfer the testis to fresh 2.2 % sodium citrate solution contained in a small glass Petri dish and gently pull out the tubules .
( ii ) [give] the testis to fresh 2.2 % sodium citrate solution contained in a small glass petri dish and gently pull out the tubules .

When the tubules appear `` flat `` and opaque allow them to settle , and carefully transfer the supernatant fluid into a 15 ml centrifuge tube .
when the tubules appear `` flat `` and opaque allow them to settle , and carefully [give] the supernatant fluid into a 15 ml centrifuge tube .

( ii ) Transfer to fixative ( 3:1 methanol:glacial acetic acid ) and leave overnight at room temperature .
( ii ) [give] to fixative ( 3:1 methanol:glacial acetic acid ) and leave overnight at room temperature .

Remember that many bright secretaries have made the transfer to media departments with great success .
remember that many bright secretaries have made the [give] to media departments with great success .

6 Complete documentation ready for transfer to the care of the theatre staff .
6 complete documentation ready for [give] to the care of the theatre staff .

This period covers the time from the patient 's transfer from the ward to the theatre until the patient returns to the ward .
this period covers the time from the patient 's [give] from the ward to the theatre until the patient returns to the ward .

The exact point of the transfer of responsibility from the ward to the theatre staff varies .
the exact point of the [give] of responsibility from the ward to the theatre staff varies .

The condition of the patient on transfer varies from theatre to theatre and depends upon whether or not the theatre has a recovery room where patients recover from the immediate effects of the anaesthetic .
the condition of the patient on [give] varies from theatre to theatre and depends upon whether or not the theatre has a recovery room where patients recover from the immediate effects of the anaesthetic .

2 Transfer the patient to the prepared area .
2 [give] the patient to the prepared area .

She made the transfer to the right platform .
she made the [give] to the right platform .

There is little doubt that most non-Israeli Jews in the world are ‘ for Israel ’ , that most Armenians support the transfer of Nagorno-Karabakh from Azerbaijan to Armenia ; and that most Flemings do their best not to speak French .
there is little doubt that most non-israeli jews in the world are ‘ for israel ’ , that most armenians support the [give] of nagorno-karabakh from azerbaijan to armenia ; and that most flemings do their best not to speak french .

All of these suffer from the transfer problem already mentioned , though to a lesser extent .
all of these suffer from the [give] problem already mentioned , though to a lesser extent .

And this , together with Ward Marston 's brilliantly successful transfer makes the disc preferable to Dante 's more limited , less vivid offering .
and this , together with ward marston 's brilliantly successful [give] makes the disc preferable to dante 's more limited , less vivid offering .

The transfer of the administrative powers and duties of the Justices of the Peace to the county council ;
the [give] of the administrative powers and duties of the justices of the peace to the county council ;

The transfer of certain functions of administrative control from central departments of government to the county councils — decentralisation ;
the [give] of certain functions of administrative control from central departments of government to the county councils — decentralisation ;

Both the Scottish Nationalists and the Liberals favour the transfer of some strategic local government functions ‘ to a devolved Assembly , and the creation of a single-tier system of multi-purpose authorities ’ ( Keating and Midwinter 1983 : 101 ) .
both the scottish nationalists and the liberals favour the [give] of some strategic local government functions ‘ to a devolved assembly , and the creation of a single-tier system of multi-purpose authorities ’ ( keating and midwinter 1983 : 101 ) .

From wherever the initiative originates , the tenants must be consulted and in addition have certain rights affecting the transfer — hence the phrase ‘ pick a landlord ’ .
from wherever the initiative originates , the tenants must be consulted and in addition have certain rights affecting the [give] — hence the phrase ‘ pick a landlord ’ .

The earlier transfer to local authorities of responsibilities previously exercised by the Poor Law Guardians had not led to any rapid improvement in the services ( Wilson 1948:76 — 7 ) .
the earlier [give] to local authorities of responsibilities previously exercised by the poor law guardians had not led to any rapid improvement in the services ( wilson 1948:76 — 7 ) .

Indeed , local government lost some of its recently gained Powers to central agencies soon after the transfer .
indeed , local government lost some of its recently gained powers to central agencies soon after the [give] .

The possibility of transfer of responsibility to central government agencies for some services previously provided by local authorities has already been mentioned .
the possibility of [give] of responsibility to central government agencies for some services previously provided by local authorities has already been mentioned .

They do not always transfer easily to the public sector .
they do not always [give] easily to the public sector .

Money spent on goods and services is sometimes the only expenditure included , on other occasions interest charges and transfer payments to companies and individuals are added to arrive at total current expenditure .
money spent on goods and services is sometimes the only expenditure included , on other occasions interest charges and [give] payments to companies and individuals are added to arrive at total current expenditure .

We can identify social mechanisms which secure the transfer of upper-class privilege across generations , transmitting both economic and cultural capital and perhaps also political influence .
we can identify social mechanisms which secure the [give] of upper-class privilege across generations , transmitting both economic and cultural capital and perhaps also political influence .

This transfer of wealth forms the foundation for the other aspects we discuss here .
this [give] of wealth forms the foundation for the other aspects we discuss here .

It was now about 2157 , and although it had taken just three minutes to use Conquest for the rescue , the transfer to the small boat and handling her while picking up the survivor had required seamanship of a high order .
it was now about 2157 , and although it had taken just three minutes to use conquest for the rescue , the [give] to the small boat and handling her while picking up the survivor had required seamanship of a high order .

Almost immediately the helicopter started a transfer from the trawler 's deck , but after the first man had been winched aboard the connecting line to the helicopter parted , followed by the lifeboat 's port tow line .
almost immediately the helicopter started a [give] from the trawler 's deck , but after the first man had been winched aboard the connecting line to the helicopter parted , followed by the lifeboat 's port tow line .

Technology transfer is the name of the game .
technology [give] is the name of the game .

The transfer payments of the Poor Law — finally abolished and transformed into the ‘ Welfare State ’ in 1948 — were considered by many to be an intolerable burden .
the [give] payments of the poor law — finally abolished and transformed into the ‘ welfare state ’ in 1948 — were considered by many to be an intolerable burden .

The behaviour of the crowds — vulgar , noisy and violent — immediately excited considerable apprehension , and the excesses of the transfer market and professionalism were thought to be ruining the native traditions of ‘ fair play ’ and sportsmanship .
the behaviour of the crowds — vulgar , noisy and violent — immediately excited considerable apprehension , and the excesses of the [give] market and professionalism were thought to be ruining the native traditions of ‘ fair play ’ and sportsmanship .

One was that , arising from the transfer of lands from one allegiance to the other , many found themselves under a new lord ; and some did not like it .
one was that , arising from the [give] of lands from one allegiance to the other , many found themselves under a new lord ; and some did not like it .

Transfer mixture to a bowl ( all this can be done a couple of hours before ) .
[give] mixture to a bowl ( all this can be done a couple of hours before ) .

To make over : to transfer possession ( of an object , a title ) to someone else .
to make over : to [give] possession ( of an object , a title ) to someone else .

The social sciences were conceived as a realm of enquiry to which the transfer of these methods was essentially unproblematic .
the social sciences were conceived as a realm of enquiry to which the [give] of these methods was essentially unproblematic .

If you sowed tomato seeds last month , now is the time to prick them out , ie transfer them into small pots , or , if you have sown them in soil blocks , to reduce them to one per cell before moving on to a pot .
if you sowed tomato seeds last month , now is the time to prick them out , ie [give] them into small pots , or , if you have sown them in soil blocks , to reduce them to one per cell before moving on to a pot .

The commission favours comprehensive education , making it easier for children to transfer between groups .
the commission favours comprehensive education , making it easier for children to [give] between groups .

Once set , pop out of the trays and transfer to a polythene bag .
once set , pop out of the trays and [give] to a polythene bag .

Close to the lakeside , this hotel is only 10 minutes from the station and the airport terminal , a courtesy transfer service from the airport .
close to the lakeside , this hotel is only 10 minutes from the station and the airport terminal , a courtesy [give] service from the airport .

Day One : The first day of your cruise involves a scheduled flight from London Heathrow to Cologne followed by transfer to the comfortable Dom Hotel for overnight stay .
day one : the first day of your cruise involves a scheduled flight from london heathrow to cologne followed by [give] to the comfortable dom hotel for overnight stay .

The train and bus links between Baden and Vienna are impeccable , and with the last transfer back to Baden being at 2.15am , even night owls can make the most of Vienna 's theatres , operas and concerts .
the train and bus links between baden and vienna are impeccable , and with the last [give] back to baden being at 2.15am , even night owls can make the most of vienna 's theatres , operas and concerts .

They lie in part in technological developments : the growth of ever faster air services for both passengers and freight ; the possibilities opened up by electronic fund transfer and by more and more sophisticated telecommunications .
they lie in part in technological developments : the growth of ever faster air services for both passengers and freight ; the possibilities opened up by electronic fund [give] and by more and more sophisticated telecommunications .

The mobility of criminals , the international effects of their activity , and the easy transfer of illicit profits to overseas havens have transformed attitudes .
the mobility of criminals , the international effects of their activity , and the easy [give] of illicit profits to overseas havens have transformed attitudes .

The power to make orders for the ‘ preservation ’ of property has been used in the context of the transfer of the mortgage of land by a mentally disordered person , even though the land was in Monte Carlo .
the power to make orders for the ‘ preservation ’ of property has been used in the context of the [give] of the mortgage of land by a mentally disordered person , even though the land was in monte carlo .

In a later phase in the same litigation , the Court of Appeal held that it had jurisdiction in appropriate cases to order the transfer of assets subject to a Mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement considerations being especially relevant .
in a later phase in the same litigation , the court of appeal held that it had jurisdiction in appropriate cases to order the [give] of assets subject to a mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement considerations being especially relevant .

Research has consistently demonstrated that the transfer of older clients from hospital to the community can be very problematic with older people being sent home without adequate arrangements having been made for their continuing care ( Victor 1983 ) .
research has consistently demonstrated that the [give] of older clients from hospital to the community can be very problematic with older people being sent home without adequate arrangements having been made for their continuing care ( victor 1983 ) .

Some medical specialisms , especially geriatric medicine , are much better than others at arranging effective transfer .
some medical specialisms , especially geriatric medicine , are much better than others at arranging effective [give] .

The issue of an effective and humane transfer of an older person from hospital to the community is of considerable importance .
the issue of an effective and humane [give] of an older person from hospital to the community is of considerable importance .

In order to effect such a transfer a whole variety of different agencies may be involved including remedial therapists , GPs , social work , community nursing and domiciliary services .
in order to effect such a [give] a whole variety of different agencies may be involved including remedial therapists , gps , social work , community nursing and domiciliary services .

Actively employed at sea for nearly twenty years , for the most part in Far Eastern seas which can legitimately be called romantic , Conrad had no need to add extra colour to his raw material , nor did he have to go beyond fact to find episodes , incidents and nuggets of action to transfer to fiction .
actively employed at sea for nearly twenty years , for the most part in far eastern seas which can legitimately be called romantic , conrad had no need to add extra colour to his raw material , nor did he have to go beyond fact to find episodes , incidents and nuggets of action to [give] to fiction .

Only then , with their perilous passage ended , did her crew agree to transfer themselves to the destroyer .
only then , with their perilous passage ended , did her crew agree to [give] themselves to the destroyer .

The bare fuel rods are then loaded into a transfer magazine , which can hold up to thirty-eight rods at any given time , and dissolved in nitric acid .
the bare fuel rods are then loaded into a [give] magazine , which can hold up to thirty-eight rods at any given time , and dissolved in nitric acid .

Transfer to Lipari ( approx 3 hrs ) .
[give] to lipari ( approx 3 hrs ) .

Transfer to Catania airport ( approx 2 hrs ) for return flight to Gatwick .
[give] to catania airport ( approx 2 hrs ) for return flight to gatwick .

Private car transfer to and from your hotel are available for up to three Golden Choice customers at £95 per car .
private car [give] to and from your hotel are available for up to three golden choice customers at £95 per car .

The budgets for primary and secondary care will need to be integrated to permit appropriate transfer of resources .
the budgets for primary and secondary care will need to be integrated to permit appropriate [give] of resources .

The authority , in agreement with individual practices , will be able to transfer resources from and to prescribing .
the authority , in agreement with individual practices , will be able to [give] resources from and to prescribing .

Justin has n't had this much ink for a decade , not since his million-pound transfer from Norwich to Nottingham Forest , where , from being the highest scorer in the First Division , his career went into a premature tailspin .
justin has n't had this much ink for a decade , not since his million-pound [give] from norwich to nottingham forest , where , from being the highest scorer in the first division , his career went into a premature tailspin .

On divorce a married woman may now apply for a property transfer order , and this can be made even if she has made no direct financial contribution to the purchase or improvement of the matrimonial home .
on divorce a married woman may now apply for a property [give] order , and this can be made even if she has made no direct financial contribution to the purchase or improvement of the matrimonial home .

Even when an outright transfer is made , problems can also arise , as women on their own find it difficult to meet the mortgage repayments .
even when an outright [give] is made , problems can also arise , as women on their own find it difficult to meet the mortgage repayments .

The cost of operating the exchange could be covered by a small transfer charge , based perhaps on a ‘ height × distance from the road ’ basis .
the cost of operating the exchange could be covered by a small [give] charge , based perhaps on a ‘ height × distance from the road ’ basis .

Art therapy is used to make the person transfer their inner feelings into something more tangible .
art therapy is used to make the person [give] their inner feelings into something more tangible .

The Dauphin 's interest in delaying the transfer of territory and renunciation of sovereignty is obvious , but it has been suggested that Edward too might have been glad of an excuse to resume the war if he wanted to .
the dauphin 's interest in delaying the [give] of territory and renunciation of sovereignty is obvious , but it has been suggested that edward too might have been glad of an excuse to resume the war if he wanted to .

Yesterday Mr Stevens launched a programme to canvas local opinion about the transfer of management .
yesterday mr stevens launched a programme to canvas local opinion about the [give] of management .

For a work which is specially commissioned or purchased , you may agree to transfer the copyright .
for a work which is specially commissioned or purchased , you may agree to [give] the copyright .

Because she could n't live in the flat , she did n't pay the rent , which meant arrears and no possibility of a transfer .
because she could n't live in the flat , she did n't pay the rent , which meant arrears and no possibility of a [give] .

The legislation necessary to effect the transfer to the Trustees of the titles of properties occupied solely by the Library has not yet been enacted , and questions still remain unresolved relating to the definition of the boundaries of properties .
the legislation necessary to effect the [give] to the trustees of the titles of properties occupied solely by the library has not yet been enacted , and questions still remain unresolved relating to the definition of the boundaries of properties .

Ted Brown in his article has touched upon the fact that our waste transfer stations and incinerators are fully licensed to deal with clinical waste .
ted brown in his article has touched upon the fact that our waste [give] stations and incinerators are fully licensed to deal with clinical waste .

Specific needs in business field by problem-solving , information transfer tasks .
specific needs in business field by problem-solving , information [give] tasks .

‘ We have less then six months to answer these and other questions which comes to the biggest and potentially most rewarding challenge of all the process of technology transfer to Pemex , ’ says Hopwood .
‘ we have less then six months to answer these and other questions which comes to the biggest and potentially most rewarding challenge of all the process of technology [give] to pemex , ’ says hopwood .

One of the team 's first tasks was to identify which maintenance craftsmen would transfer from day working to shifts and also to establish the means for allocating routine maintenance to be undertaken by the shift teams .
one of the team 's first tasks was to identify which maintenance craftsmen would [give] from day working to shifts and also to establish the means for allocating routine maintenance to be undertaken by the shift teams .

offer enhanced opportunities for wider access and provide opportunities to extend credit transfer ;
offer enhanced opportunities for wider access and provide opportunities to extend credit [give] ;

promoting a wider acceptance and implementation of schemes of credit accumulation and transfer .
promoting a wider acceptance and implementation of schemes of credit accumulation and [give] .

Discussions are taking place to establish a credit transfer agreement .
discussions are taking place to establish a credit [give] agreement .

3.1 the major issue to be considered is the programme by which the transition can be achieved and , in particular , which courses will be identified for transfer during each of the three years .
3.1 the major issue to be considered is the programme by which the transition can be achieved and , in particular , which courses will be identified for [give] during each of the three years .

In order that transfer can take place in a manner which allows colleges to progress rapidly if they wish , but at the same time make allowances for those who prefer to proceed more slowly , each college is being consulted on the rate of transfer appropriate for each course offered .
in order that [give] can take place in a manner which allows colleges to progress rapidly if they wish , but at the same time make allowances for those who prefer to proceed more slowly , each college is being consulted on the rate of [give] appropriate for each course offered .

3.3 In making detailed arrangements for phasing of the transition , it is intended that implementation will be arranged in such a way that all centres offering a particular course will transfer to the new system in the same year .
3.3 in making detailed arrangements for phasing of the transition , it is intended that implementation will be arranged in such a way that all centres offering a particular course will [give] to the new system in the same year .

At an early stage , we also recognised the potential of the new system , because of its outcome-based approach , to offer more flexible credit transfer between centres and between courses .
at an early stage , we also recognised the potential of the new system , because of its outcome-based approach , to offer more flexible credit [give] between centres and between courses .

But , just as with the other two batches , centres have gone well beyond just the transfer of the remaining old courses into the new system and have proposed a large number of innovative courses and units for validation .
but , just as with the other two batches , centres have gone well beyond just the [give] of the remaining old courses into the new system and have proposed a large number of innovative courses and units for validation .

Although our prediction had been for around 100 validations , based on the transfer of old courses , we will actually be involved in closer to 320 validations .
although our prediction had been for around 100 validations , based on the [give] of old courses , we will actually be involved in closer to 320 validations .

The table shows the enthusiasm with which centres took the opportunity to go beyond straightforward transfer of old courses .
the table shows the enthusiasm with which centres took the opportunity to go beyond straightforward [give] of old courses .

Data Transfer
data [give]

Both organisations will collaborate in development work in the areas of : credit accumulation and transfer ; records of vocational achievement ; generic units ; the accreditation of prior learning ; databases , and information and marketing .
both organisations will collaborate in development work in the areas of : credit accumulation and [give] ; records of vocational achievement ; generic units ; the accreditation of prior learning ; databases , and information and marketing .

As the technical programmes evolved , they gave rise to commercial activities — such as selling fuel elements and graphite to the civil power stations — and as these matured it became the practice to spin them off as separate entities or to transfer the technology and the responsibility to commercial organisations .
as the technical programmes evolved , they gave rise to commercial activities — such as selling fuel elements and graphite to the civil power stations — and as these matured it became the practice to spin them off as separate entities or to [give] the technology and the responsibility to commercial organisations .

Stores controller in the purchasing department at Barlaston , Dave Lewis , is overseeing the data transfer which ties in with work he is undertaking as part of a three-year course at Staffordshire University .
stores controller in the purchasing department at barlaston , dave lewis , is overseeing the data [give] which ties in with work he is undertaking as part of a three-year course at staffordshire university .

Mobility , ie liability to transfer to anywhere in the United Kingdom or abroad , is a condition of most Civil Service appointments at roughly Executive Officer level and above , and in certain other grades where the nature of the work requires staff to be moved from one location to another .
mobility , ie liability to [give] to anywhere in the united kingdom or abroad , is a condition of most civil service appointments at roughly executive officer level and above , and in certain other grades where the nature of the work requires staff to be moved from one location to another .

As a fixed term appointee you will be non-mobile and not normally be expected to transfer to a post outside reasonable daily travelling distance of your home .
as a fixed term appointee you will be non-mobile and not normally be expected to [give] to a post outside reasonable daily travelling distance of your home .

The price of £639 includes scheduled flights , transfer and dinner , bed and breakfast .
the price of £639 includes scheduled flights , [give] and dinner , bed and breakfast .

The proposed transfer of Information Technology from Willowbrook in Belfast to Sandyford in Dublin , by the Ulster Bank , was the subject for examination by a Tribunal . The Tribunal recommended the following : —
the proposed [give] of information technology from willowbrook in belfast to sandyford in dublin , by the ulster bank , was the subject for examination by a tribunal . the tribunal recommended the following : —

She worked there until her transfer to Denny Street , Tralee in 1979 .
she worked there until her [give] to denny street , tralee in 1979 .

She works in Bank of Ireland , 85 James ' Street , Dublin , having joined at Clearing Department , Cabinteely in October 1978 and subsequently worked in St. Stephen 's Green branch and in Batch Centre , 34 College Green until her transfer to James ' Street in November 1987 .
she works in bank of ireland , 85 james ' street , dublin , having joined at clearing department , cabinteely in october 1978 and subsequently worked in st. stephen 's green branch and in batch centre , 34 college green until her [give] to james ' street in november 1987 .

He regards them not as belonging to a particular branch , but to the Area ; hence , ‘ transfer ’ has been erased from the Dictionary .
he regards them not as belonging to a particular branch , but to the area ; hence , ‘ [give] ’ has been erased from the dictionary .

Penfold 's , one of Australia 's leading producers , produce this sparkling wine using the transfer method whereby the second fermentation takes place in bottle , like the methode champenoise .
penfold 's , one of australia 's leading producers , produce this sparkling wine using the [give] method whereby the second fermentation takes place in bottle , like the methode champenoise .

To this list we can now add Taurus — a system which was intended to automate the transfer of ownership of company shares in a way analogous to the transfer of money in the banking system and which collapsed spectacularly in March after countless delays and problems .
to this list we can now add taurus — a system which was intended to automate the [give] of ownership of company shares in a way analogous to the [give] of money in the banking system and which collapsed spectacularly in march after countless delays and problems .

Transfer of insurance companies ' long-term business
[give] of insurance companies ' long-term business

Richard Coleman , managing directors of Compass Commercial Services , agreed that the MoD was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself — the application to the public sector of Transfer of Undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to retain staff at current rates of pay , terms and conditions , or pick up the redundancy liability .
richard coleman , managing directors of compass commercial services , agreed that the mod was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself — the application to the public sector of [give] of undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to retain staff at current rates of pay , terms and conditions , or pick up the redundancy liability .

Under the terms of the deal , Scottish Equitable will transfer its existing business operations and staff into a new proprietary company — Scottish Equitable plc — which will be managed by the same people who manage the existing mutual .
under the terms of the deal , scottish equitable will [give] its existing business operations and staff into a new proprietary company — scottish equitable plc — which will be managed by the same people who manage the existing mutual .

This option will be tackled in the transfer document to policyholders , but according to , Scottish equitable marketing director , closing the fund is not the best way forward .
this option will be tackled in the [give] document to policyholders , but according to , scottish equitable marketing director , closing the fund is not the best way forward .

Your salary is paid on a monthly basis by credit transfer , either to a bank or building society account , or by direct credit to a national giro account .
your salary is paid on a monthly basis by credit [give] , either to a bank or building society account , or by direct credit to a national giro account .

If you leave the Civil Service before you are 60 and take another job with pension scheme , you may be able to transfer your pensions rights .
if you leave the civil service before you are 60 and take another job with pension scheme , you may be able to [give] your pensions rights .

Despite all the efforts on the part of the School Board and the local parents it has been decided to close the Woodhall Drive building and transfer the nursery children to the Primary School Annexe in Baberton Avenue .
despite all the efforts on the part of the school board and the local parents it has been decided to close the woodhall drive building and [give] the nursery children to the primary school annexe in baberton avenue .

In these circumstances , the majority of staff employed by the Council will transfer to the successor authorities .
in these circumstances , the majority of staff employed by the council will [give] to the successor authorities .

Transfer or lease of Tailend Moss , Petershill , Hermand Birchwood , Linhouse and North Addiewell Bing for management as nature reserves to Scottish Wildlife Trust .
[give] or lease of tailend moss , petershill , hermand birchwood , linhouse and north addiewell bing for management as nature reserves to scottish wildlife trust .

The Director of Highways ' position on this matter is that he will resist the transfer of ownership of the above property asset to Oatridge Agricultural College .
the director of highways ' position on this matter is that he will resist the [give] of ownership of the above property asset to oatridge agricultural college .

Transfer to State Sickness Benefit
[give] to state sickness benefit

Married women who pay the reduced rate national insurance contributions will receive the ‘ transfer form ’ even though they are not entitled to sickness benefit .
married women who pay the reduced rate national insurance contributions will receive the ‘ [give] form ’ even though they are not entitled to sickness benefit .

where the old Community Charge jobs are the same in content/numbers , or nearly the same , as the new Council Tax jobs , the staff in these ‘ matched ’ posts will simply transfer to the new jobs
where the old community charge jobs are the same in content/numbers , or nearly the same , as the new council tax jobs , the staff in these ‘ matched ’ posts will simply [give] to the new jobs

Where staff are unsuccessful in obtaining a Council Tax post , some will be accommodated within the Community Charge Team which will deal with the winding-down of the Community Charge , and some will be redeployed to posts in other Departments of the Council in accordance with the Council 's Code of Practice on Employee Redeployment and Transfer .
where staff are unsuccessful in obtaining a council tax post , some will be accommodated within the community charge team which will deal with the winding-down of the community charge , and some will be redeployed to posts in other departments of the council in accordance with the council 's code of practice on employee redeployment and [give] .

Appointments to Council Tax posts will be made in accordance with the terms of the Council 's Code of Practice on Employee Redeployment and Transfer .
appointments to council tax posts will be made in accordance with the terms of the council 's code of practice on employee redeployment and [give] .

As well as the arrangements set out in paragraph 5 above , the Council 's Code of Practice on Employee Redeployment and Transfer sets out the detailed arrangements in connection with the transfer/redeployment of employees to other posts within the departments of the Council . These arrangements include :
as well as the arrangements set out in paragraph 5 above , the council 's code of practice on employee redeployment and [give] sets out the detailed arrangements in connection with the transfer/redeployment of employees to other posts within the departments of the council . these arrangements include :

Any training/retraining which is required as a consequence of the redeployment or transfer of employees will be provided .
any training/retraining which is required as a consequence of the redeployment or [give] of employees will be provided .

The numbers within the Council Tax Control Team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine functions to the operational teams .
the numbers within the council tax control team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the [give] of routine functions to the operational teams .

These proposals include the transfer of the Non-Domestic Rates and Service Accounts control functions to provide one central Control Section for the Exchequer Division covering all activities .
these proposals include the [give] of the non-domestic rates and service accounts control functions to provide one central control section for the exchequer division covering all activities .

Transfer money , print letters in a different country .
[give] money , print letters in a different country .

After quenching her desire to see and experience new things , she was going to ask her boss for a transfer and move to the nearest city , where the office had its headquarters .
after quenching her desire to see and experience new things , she was going to ask her boss for a [give] and move to the nearest city , where the office had its headquarters .

John had advised him to transfer from Rome airport to the railway station to avoid a five hour wait at Rome , but oh !
john had advised him to [give] from rome airport to the railway station to avoid a five hour wait at rome , but oh !

He served in Mesopotamia during the First World War , came home in 1916 to transfer to an infantry regiment .
he served in mesopotamia during the first world war , came home in 1916 to [give] to an infantry regiment .

At the Technology Transfer Centre on the King 's Buildings site , a joint venture by the University and Edinburgh District Council , campus companies , set up by UnivEd , allow staff to progress individual projects through to commercial application with industrial partners .
at the technology [give] centre on the king 's buildings site , a joint venture by the university and edinburgh district council , campus companies , set up by unived , allow staff to progress individual projects through to commercial application with industrial partners .

Transfer between Degree Courses
[give] between degree courses

When a student makes such a transfer , the time devoted to the one degree would normally be counted as time spent towards the other .
when a student makes such a [give] , the time devoted to the one degree would normally be counted as time spent towards the other .

As it can take a considerable time to effect the transfer of overseas funds to the University accounts , you are strongly advised to make arrangements well in advance .
as it can take a considerable time to effect the [give] of overseas funds to the university accounts , you are strongly advised to make arrangements well in advance .

The University will accept direct transfer to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to initiate the transfer before 15 September .
the university will accept direct [give] to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to initiate the [give] before 15 september .

The current research interests of the members of the staff include International Economic Law , Legal regulation of international economic transactions , e.g. International Codes of Conducts for Transnational Corporations and Transfer of Technology , patterns of international regulation in international legal system , regional integration , international regulation of narcotic drugs , law of the sea , human rights , international humanitarian law .
the current research interests of the members of the staff include international economic law , legal regulation of international economic transactions , e.g. international codes of conducts for transnational corporations and [give] of technology , patterns of international regulation in international legal system , regional integration , international regulation of narcotic drugs , law of the sea , human rights , international humanitarian law .

Transfer to MPhil or PhD candidature is made on the recommendation of the supervisors and the head of department at the end of the first year .
[give] to mphil or phd candidature is made on the recommendation of the supervisors and the head of department at the end of the first year .

And we always transfer it out of the Camel Watering Account .
and we always [give] it out of the camel watering account .

‘ Ca n't you transfer some from Alexandria ? ’
‘ ca n't you [give] some from alexandria ? ’

As it can take considerable time to effect the transfer of overseas funds to the University account , you are strongly advised to make arrangements well in advance .
as it can take considerable time to effect the [give] of overseas funds to the university account , you are strongly advised to make arrangements well in advance .

The University will accept direct transfer to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to initiate the transfer before 15 September .
the university will accept direct [give] to its bank account , provided that you have asked your bank to initiate the [give] before 15 september .

Many course combinations are possible during the first three years , facilitating transfer between these three streams .
many course combinations are possible during the first three years , facilitating [give] between these three streams .

Entrants to Psychology in the Faculty of Science and Engineering can generally transfer to other Biological Sciences subjects , though the reverse transfer is not always possible .
entrants to psychology in the faculty of science and engineering can generally [give] to other biological sciences subjects , though the reverse [give] is not always possible .

Transfer to other degrees such as Physics or Computer Science is also possible .
[give] to other degrees such as physics or computer science is also possible .

Transfer into or out of these honours courses is possible up to the end of second year , provided suitable subjects have been studied .
[give] into or out of these honours courses is possible up to the end of second year , provided suitable subjects have been studied .

As we shall see below , there are opportunities for transfer from one degree course to another , and even ( to a limited extent ) from one faculty to another .
as we shall see below , there are opportunities for [give] from one degree course to another , and even ( to a limited extent ) from one faculty to another .

There is considerable opportunity for transfer between one degree curriculum and another , at least until the end of the second year .
there is considerable opportunity for [give] between one degree curriculum and another , at least until the end of the second year .

By a judicious selection of courses in the first two years students may apply for transfer to a different joint or single honours degree .
by a judicious selection of courses in the first two years students may apply for [give] to a different joint or single honours degree .

The Sardinian had resigned a week after Zen 's transfer , and he was the only one of his former colleagues whom Zen still saw regularly .
the sardinian had resigned a week after zen 's [give] , and he was the only one of his former colleagues whom zen still saw regularly .

The preferences of officials not only vary according to the type of agency ( delivery , regulatory , transfer , contract and control ) .
the preferences of officials not only vary according to the type of agency ( delivery , regulatory , [give] , contract and control ) .

Either they have a sufficient leverage over processing and marketing , for example in the extractive industries , as shown in Moran 's book ( 1974 ) on the copper industry in Chile , or they have sufficient control over intra-firm transfers , particularly transfer pricing .
either they have a sufficient leverage over processing and marketing , for example in the extractive industries , as shown in moran 's book ( 1974 ) on the copper industry in chile , or they have sufficient control over intra-firm transfers , particularly [give] pricing .

The logic of global production is again operating , but through transfer pricing and the use of captive suppliers .
the logic of global production is again operating , but through [give] pricing and the use of captive suppliers .

Here , the transfer of technology is often the main point of the exercise .
here , the [give] of technology is often the main point of the exercise .

Both Bonniere et al and Heatley et al have shown impaired carbon monoxide transfer factors in 25 to 40 % of adult patients with Crohn 's disease .
both bonniere et al and heatley et al have shown impaired carbon monoxide [give] factors in 25 to 40 % of adult patients with crohn 's disease .

The latter had been given only a month previously to John lord Dudley , and its transfer suggests that Gloucester 's role in Wales was still evolving .
the latter had been given only a month previously to john lord dudley , and its [give] suggests that gloucester 's role in wales was still evolving .

It was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of Middleham , some did nevertheless survive the transfer of power in 1471 .
it was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of middleham , some did nevertheless survive the [give] of power in 1471 .

The king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to transfer that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of Gloucester 's role as his brother 's agent in the north .
the king 's own influence in the north rested primarily on the support of local men , and the appointment of a lieutenant could do little more than seek to [give] that support , something which had already been largely achieved through recognition of gloucester 's role as his brother 's agent in the north .

The series of grants which implemented this transfer of power began on 15 May .
the series of grants which implemented this [give] of power began on 15 may .

Effects of serotonin on rat ileocolonic transit and fluid transfer in vivo : possible mechanisms of action
effects of serotonin on rat ileocolonic transit and fluid [give] in vivo : possible mechanisms of action

If a candidate transfers to another course date 3–6 weeks before the starting date , a 30 % transfer fee will be charged .
if a candidate transfers to another course date 3–6 weeks before the starting date , a 30 % [give] fee will be charged .

If a candidate postpones or transfers to another date within 3 weeks of the starting date a 50 % transfer fee will be charged .
if a candidate postpones or transfers to another date within 3 weeks of the starting date a 50 % [give] fee will be charged .

Cancellation and transfer arrangements for Graduate Studies courses are available from the Graduate Studies Admissions Office .
cancellation and [give] arrangements for graduate studies courses are available from the graduate studies admissions office .

Little is known of fetomaternal cell transfer at much earlier stages of pregnancy , though there is growing evidence that NFEs occur in proportionately greater numbers in the maternal circulation at earlier gestations .
little is known of fetomaternal cell [give] at much earlier stages of pregnancy , though there is growing evidence that nfes occur in proportionately greater numbers in the maternal circulation at earlier gestations .

At the time of the transfer it would have cost £6,000 to buy a new model of the same car but as the car was one year old its second-hand value was only £4,000 .
at the time of the [give] it would have cost £6,000 to buy a new model of the same car but as the car was one year old its second-hand value was only £4,000 .

That enemy was-must have been — cunning enough to transfer to the boy .
that enemy was-must have been — cunning enough to [give] to the boy .

Administration of a drug to the mother also means its administration to the fetus or neonate through placental transfer or breast milk .
administration of a drug to the mother also means its administration to the fetus or neonate through placental [give] or breast milk .

In May , 1992 , the regional health authority informed Riverside Health Authority ( the district health authority ) that the unit 's transfer was being reconsidered and it could only commit capital to the unit if the case load was increased and if the unit could withstand a reduction of charitable funding .
in may , 1992 , the regional health authority informed riverside health authority ( the district health authority ) that the unit 's [give] was being reconsidered and it could only commit capital to the unit if the case load was increased and if the unit could withstand a reduction of charitable funding .

In September , 1992 , it was clear that the unit would not transfer to the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital .
in september , 1992 , it was clear that the unit would not [give] to the chelsea and westminster hospital .

Proposals to transfer the unit to Great Ormond Street Children 's Hospital were being considered ; however , there were problems with the negotiations ( which ultimately failed in December ) and essential staff left .
proposals to [give] the unit to great ormond street children 's hospital were being considered ; however , there were problems with the negotiations ( which ultimately failed in december ) and essential staff left .

Here , the failure to consult was material because if the community health council had been consulted when it should have been in May , 1992 , it might have helped to ensure that the commitment to transfer the unit to the new hospital remained until a satisfactory new home for the unit could be found .
here , the failure to consult was material because if the community health council had been consulted when it should have been in may , 1992 , it might have helped to ensure that the commitment to [give] the unit to the new hospital remained until a satisfactory new home for the unit could be found .

That FMEs are appointed by the police does little to project the reality of independence , and transfer of this appointing responsibility to the Home Office ( or the Lord Chancellor ) and a register of accredited FMEs may be the way forward here .
that fmes are appointed by the police does little to project the reality of independence , and [give] of this appointing responsibility to the home office ( or the lord chancellor ) and a register of accredited fmes may be the way forward here .

Overlaps in the tax payment transfer receipt system have been a focal point for much discussion in the 1980s with various sorts of ‘ traps ’ identified .
overlaps in the tax payment [give] receipt system have been a focal point for much discussion in the 1980s with various sorts of ‘ traps ’ identified .

The replacement ratio measures income in and out of work so that it measures net-of-tax earnings minus work-related expenses as compared with out-of-work transfer payments contingent upon the status of being unemployed .
the replacement ratio measures income in and out of work so that it measures net-of-tax earnings minus work-related expenses as compared with out-of-work [give] payments contingent upon the status of being unemployed .

Here there is an excess burden associated with price subsidies or in-kind transfers which would be absent in the case of a cash transfer .
here there is an excess burden associated with price subsidies or in-kind transfers which would be absent in the case of a cash [give] .

9–12 ( a ) a cash transfer is compared with a price subsidy the objective of which is to make the recipient as well off as possible .
9–12 ( a ) a cash [give] is compared with a price subsidy the objective of which is to make the recipient as well off as possible .

While these forms of subsidy are not exhaustive , a consistent message appears to be that a cash transfer is the most efficient way of increasing the welfare of the recipient ( i.e .
while these forms of subsidy are not exhaustive , a consistent message appears to be that a cash [give] is the most efficient way of increasing the welfare of the recipient ( i.e .

, for any given transfer , welfare of the recipient may increase to a greater extent ) .
, for any given [give] , welfare of the recipient may increase to a greater extent ) .

The question of exclusion of non-eligibles from in-kind transfer has been taken up by Toumanoff ( 1986 ) .
the question of exclusion of non-eligibles from in-kind [give] has been taken up by toumanoff ( 1986 ) .

9–12 ( b ) he argues that , if the indifference curves shown related to ineligibles , then the utility gain from attempting to consume this good would be less than the utility gain from falsely claiming a cash transfer .
9–12 ( b ) he argues that , if the indifference curves shown related to ineligibles , then the utility gain from attempting to consume this good would be less than the utility gain from falsely claiming a cash [give] .

Suppose that eligible recipients have lower incomes : then it is arguable that with the transfer they would not be at the corner solution .
suppose that eligible recipients have lower incomes : then it is arguable that with the [give] they would not be at the corner solution .

That is to say , they would wish to ( and would choose to ) consume all the in-kind transfer .
that is to say , they would wish to ( and would choose to ) consume all the in-kind [give] .

In this case , for eligible recipients there is no disadvantage in in-kind transfer .
in this case , for eligible recipients there is no disadvantage in in-kind [give] .

But ineligible recipients , with higher incomes , are affected by the kink in the budget line : the attractiveness of the in-kind transfer is less for them , and so the incentives to consume it illegally ( and the costs of policing such activity ) are reduced .
but ineligible recipients , with higher incomes , are affected by the kink in the budget line : the attractiveness of the in-kind [give] is less for them , and so the incentives to consume it illegally ( and the costs of policing such activity ) are reduced .

Toumanoff explains that , for the ‘ hot meal and shelter form of in-kind transfer ’ ( p. 445 ) , the in-kind transfer may be more efficient than hitherto considered .
toumanoff explains that , for the ‘ hot meal and shelter form of in-kind [give] ’ ( p. 445 ) , the in-kind [give] may be more efficient than hitherto considered .

When considering commodities that are ‘ inferior ’ ( in terms of quantity demanded as income rises ) , the in-kind transfer may be a more rational choice of instrument , allowing for the possibility that ‘ ineligible ’ individuals may attempt to make false claims on government assistance .
when considering commodities that are ‘ inferior ’ ( in terms of quantity demanded as income rises ) , the in-kind [give] may be a more rational choice of instrument , allowing for the possibility that ‘ ineligible ’ individuals may attempt to make false claims on government assistance .

High income tax rates above the break-even point of any tax transfer scheme make leisure relatively cheap ( the substitution effect ) but simultaneously reduce income for buying goods including leisure ( the income effect ) .
high income tax rates above the break-even point of any tax [give] scheme make leisure relatively cheap ( the substitution effect ) but simultaneously reduce income for buying goods including leisure ( the income effect ) .

Similarly , at the other end of the spectrum , it is possible that transfer receipts may alter attitudes such that being a ‘ contributor ’ to the economic process ceases to be viewed as being part of society .
similarly , at the other end of the spectrum , it is possible that [give] receipts may alter attitudes such that being a ‘ contributor ’ to the economic process ceases to be viewed as being part of society .

The more micro-based studies , which focus on a particular expenditure programme or transfer policy , often offer a more tractable research problem , but these are inevitably open to the criticism that they are very partial in nature , giving no real insight into whether government intervention is narrowing or widening the extent of overall economic inequality ( assuming we can agree how to measure it ! )
the more micro-based studies , which focus on a particular expenditure programme or [give] policy , often offer a more tractable research problem , but these are inevitably open to the criticism that they are very partial in nature , giving no real insight into whether government intervention is narrowing or widening the extent of overall economic inequality ( assuming we can agree how to measure it ! )

Capital transfer tax ( since the 1986 Budget inheritance tax ) has undergone a number of changes .
capital [give] tax ( since the 1986 budget inheritance tax ) has undergone a number of changes .

James , Lewis and Allison ( 1987 ) document the growth of concessions related to capital transfer tax and conclude that , like its predecessor estate duty , it is ‘ a voluntary tax paid only by those who dislike [ d ] their relatives even more than they disliked paying tax ’ ( p. 45 )
james , lewis and allison ( 1987 ) document the growth of concessions related to capital [give] tax and conclude that , like its predecessor estate duty , it is ‘ a voluntary tax paid only by those who dislike [ d ] their relatives even more than they disliked paying tax ’ ( p. 45 )

However , such service and repayment responsibilities are transfer payments between the general taxpayer and the debt-holders , which , as long as they are internally held , will alter who gets command of goods and services but not their volume in aggregate .
however , such service and repayment responsibilities are [give] payments between the general taxpayer and the debt-holders , which , as long as they are internally held , will alter who gets command of goods and services but not their volume in aggregate .

However , in the future the utility of the then general taxpayers is lowered because they are coerced , by paying the tax , to transfer it to the bond-holders who are simply having their ‘ contract ’ fulfilled .
however , in the future the utility of the then general taxpayers is lowered because they are coerced , by paying the tax , to [give] it to the bond-holders who are simply having their ‘ contract ’ fulfilled .

‘ Try for a transfer , my lad , ’ he said .
‘ try for a [give] , my lad , ’ he said .

Lieutenant Colonel Stewart Menzies , was preparing to clear his desk for one last time and transfer to Sir Hugh 's enormous office overlooking Whitehall , an office so secret that it had a private door and staircase that could not be overlooked .
lieutenant colonel stewart menzies , was preparing to clear his desk for one last time and [give] to sir hugh 's enormous office overlooking whitehall , an office so secret that it had a private door and staircase that could not be overlooked .

In this case the transfer results in one or more files being moved into the user 's account ; file names are specified by a module which defines the binary construction commands attached to the referenced package .
in this case the [give] results in one or more files being moved into the user 's account ; file names are specified by a module which defines the binary construction commands attached to the referenced package .

Another major area of risk with an offline storage system is encountered during the actual transfer .
another major area of risk with an offline storage system is encountered during the actual [give] .

Information Available for Transfer
information available for [give]

The information available for transfer is as follows :
the information available for [give] is as follows :

the basic details of each module ( e.g. name , type , subtype , substate , title ) , their versions and their relationships to each other ; transfer may be restricted to approved modules only
the basic details of each module ( e.g. name , type , subtype , substate , title ) , their versions and their relationships to each other ; [give] may be restricted to approved modules only

Full details of information available for transfer are provided in Section 3 , along with an explanation of how this information is presented to the user in the relational database .
full details of information available for [give] are provided in section 3 , along with an explanation of how this information is presented to the user in the relational database .

Transfer Methods and Dates
[give] methods and dates

Two other transfer categories exist ; ‘ inhibit ’ and ‘ delete ’ .
two other [give] categories exist ; ‘ inhibit ’ and ‘ delete ’ .

‘ Inhibit ’ prevents data transfer in a particular type and ‘ delete ’ deletes all previously transferred data in that type .
‘ inhibit ’ prevents data [give] in a particular type and ‘ delete ’ deletes all previously transferred data in that type .

Next the Manager must decide which methods of transfer he wishes .
next the manager must decide which methods of [give] he wishes .

Inhibit — do n't transfer any information of given type
inhibit — do n't [give] any information of given type

user names and details ( user names only if transfer mode is inhibit or delete ) ,
user names and details ( user names only if [give] mode is inhibit or delete ) ,

module names and details ( module names and subtypes only if transfer mode is inhibit or delete ) ,
module names and details ( module names and subtypes only if [give] mode is inhibit or delete ) ,

Transfer Dates View
[give] dates view

Transfer of messages from one user to another .
[give] of messages from one user to another .

You should inspect your mail to determine the outcome of the module transfer .
you should inspect your mail to determine the outcome of the module [give] .

The time ( in milliseconds ) taken by this media unit to transfer one 512 byte block of data .
the time ( in milliseconds ) taken by this media unit to [give] one 512 byte block of data .

You 've lost your customers and you 've lost Kenny and suddenly you 're employing a goon on a free transfer from Masters of the Universe .
you 've lost your customers and you 've lost kenny and suddenly you 're employing a goon on a free [give] from masters of the universe .

Chemical thermodynamics focuses on energy transfer during chemical reactions and on the work done by chemical systems .
chemical thermodynamics focuses on energy [give] during chemical reactions and on the work done by chemical systems .

There is thus no energy transfer between an isolated system and its surroundings .
there is thus no energy [give] between an isolated system and its surroundings .

If we transfer energy to a system , the kinetic energy of the particles in the system increases .
if we [give] energy to a system , the kinetic energy of the particles in the system increases .

The transfer of energy caused by a difference in temperature between a system and its surroundings or between a system and another system is called heat .
the [give] of energy caused by a difference in temperature between a system and its surroundings or between a system and another system is called heat .

Work is also a form of transfer of energy from one system to another or to its surroundings .
work is also a form of [give] of energy from one system to another or to its surroundings .

An increase in transfer of power from the state to local government would also make institutions more accountable .
an increase in [give] of power from the state to local government would also make institutions more accountable .

Plant has also been streamlined into a more obvious production line flow with the transfer of winding machines onto the ground floor .
plant has also been streamlined into a more obvious production line flow with the [give] of winding machines onto the ground floor .

The dual arm design allows each wafer to be centred automatically without delaying transfer .
the dual arm design allows each wafer to be centred automatically without delaying [give] .

Transfer speed is variable from two seconds upwards with automatic sequencing or user programming by logic touch controls .
[give] speed is variable from two seconds upwards with automatic sequencing or user programming by logic touch controls .

In future , gene transfer could greatly increase the possibilities for improved crop performance , not simply by increasing yield , but also by modifying other characteristics .
in future , gene [give] could greatly increase the possibilities for improved crop performance , not simply by increasing yield , but also by modifying other characteristics .

Unfortunately , it is not yet possible to transfer this capacity for a symbiotic relationship between the host plant and rhizobia to crops other than legumes .
unfortunately , it is not yet possible to [give] this capacity for a symbiotic relationship between the host plant and rhizobia to crops other than legumes .

Considerations to be explored at the December conference included the scope of union , for example the degree of further transfer of competence ; the functioning of the institutions , for example the strengthening of the Commission with regard to implementing Community policies ; strengthening democratic control and accountability for member-states , possibly via increased involvement of the European Parliament or of national parliaments ; and the application and definition of the principle of `` subsidiarity `` .
considerations to be explored at the december conference included the scope of union , for example the degree of further [give] of competence ; the functioning of the institutions , for example the strengthening of the commission with regard to implementing community policies ; strengthening democratic control and accountability for member-states , possibly via increased involvement of the european parliament or of national parliaments ; and the application and definition of the principle of `` subsidiarity `` .

During the ( unspecified ) transitional period to the restoration of independence , whereupon a new constitution would be adopted , the 1922 Constitution would be suspended except for four key articles which could only be changed by referendum , namely the definition of Latvia as an independent democratic republic ; the assertion that sovereign power belonged to the Latvian people ; a statement defining the extent of Latvia 's territory ( and rejecting the Soviet decision , post-annexation , to transfer the town of Jaunlatgale — now called Pytalovo — and the surrounding district to the Russian Federation ) ; and a definition of the electoral system for the pre-war parliament , which would be restored .
during the ( unspecified ) transitional period to the restoration of independence , whereupon a new constitution would be adopted , the 1922 constitution would be suspended except for four key articles which could only be changed by referendum , namely the definition of latvia as an independent democratic republic ; the assertion that sovereign power belonged to the latvian people ; a statement defining the extent of latvia 's territory ( and rejecting the soviet decision , post-annexation , to [give] the town of jaunlatgale — now called pytalovo — and the surrounding district to the russian federation ) ; and a definition of the electoral system for the pre-war parliament , which would be restored .

On Nov. 7 , 1989 , one of two Frenchmen arrested in connection with the October coup plot , Richard Anton , died from acute malaria following his transfer to a hospital , according to medical reports .
on nov. 7 , 1989 , one of two frenchmen arrested in connection with the october coup plot , richard anton , died from acute malaria following his [give] to a hospital , according to medical reports .

, also died after his transfer from prison .
, also died after his [give] from prison .

In a broad reform , foreign investment restrictions were lifted in January 1990 , eliminating controls on profit remittances , profit reinvestment , and foreign investment in sectors hitherto reserved for nationals , and removing restraints on the transfer of technology .
in a broad reform , foreign investment restrictions were lifted in january 1990 , eliminating controls on profit remittances , profit reinvestment , and foreign investment in sectors hitherto reserved for nationals , and removing restraints on the [give] of technology .

At the end of August an indefinite freeze was placed on the repatriation of foreign companies ' profits and dividends ; however , in September the rules were relaxed to allow transfer of normal profits after 60 days , and in November it was reported that the freeze was to be lifted under pressure from international corporations .
at the end of august an indefinite freeze was placed on the repatriation of foreign companies ' profits and dividends ; however , in september the rules were relaxed to allow [give] of normal profits after 60 days , and in november it was reported that the freeze was to be lifted under pressure from international corporations .

The Sino-British Joint Liaison Group , which had been created to ease the transfer of power in Hong Kong to China in 1997 , met in the Chinese capital Beijing on April 24-27 [ for September 1989 meeting see p. 36894 ] .
the sino-british joint liaison group , which had been created to ease the [give] of power in hong kong to china in 1997 , met in the chinese capital beijing on april 24-27 [ for september 1989 meeting see p. 36894 ] .

Stressing that the current pattern of production and consumption was unsustainable and would have to change , `` particularly in the industrialized countries `` , the resolution also emphasized that a significant transfer of technology and finance to the developing world was required .
stressing that the current pattern of production and consumption was unsustainable and would have to change , `` particularly in the industrialized countries `` , the resolution also emphasized that a significant [give] of technology and finance to the developing world was required .

From that date the deutschmark became the currency in East Germany , border controls were removed ( except for some categories of foreigners ) , price controls were abolished ( except for rent , public transport and certain other utilities ) , the West German systems of welfare , wage bargaining , banking and labour laws became applicable in East Germany , West German rates of value added tax and certain other West German taxes became payable , and rights to own and transfer landed property were introduced .
from that date the deutschmark became the currency in east germany , border controls were removed ( except for some categories of foreigners ) , price controls were abolished ( except for rent , public transport and certain other utilities ) , the west german systems of welfare , wage bargaining , banking and labour laws became applicable in east germany , west german rates of value added tax and certain other west german taxes became payable , and rights to own and [give] landed property were introduced .

Portugal 's Assembly of the Republic approved the new law on April 17 , 1990 , which was to be in force from May 10 , 1990 , until the transfer of power to China at the end of 1999 .
portugal 's assembly of the republic approved the new law on april 17 , 1990 , which was to be in force from may 10 , 1990 , until the [give] of power to china at the end of 1999 .

After the Joint Liaison Group 's August 1989 meeting [ see above ] it was reported by the French news agency Agence France-Presse on Aug. 3 that Chinese officials responsible for the transfer of Macao had assured their Portuguese counterparts that the recent crushing of the pro-democracy movement in China ( the June 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre — see pp. 36720-21 ) , would not jeopardize the terms of the 1987 transfer agreement [ see pp. 35063-64 ] , and on Aug. 18 Li Peng , the Chinese Premier , was reported as stating that the work on the Macao issue was unaffected by the recent " turmoil " in China , with the meetings of the Sino-Portuguese group proceeding normally .
after the joint liaison group 's august 1989 meeting [ see above ] it was reported by the french news agency agence france-presse on aug. 3 that chinese officials responsible for the [give] of macao had assured their portuguese counterparts that the recent crushing of the pro-democracy movement in china ( the june 1989 tiananmen square massacre — see pp. 36720-21 ) , would not jeopardize the terms of the 1987 [give] agreement [ see pp. 35063-64 ] , and on aug. 18 li peng , the chinese premier , was reported as stating that the work on the macao issue was unaffected by the recent " turmoil " in china , with the meetings of the sino-portuguese group proceeding normally .

Most Italian goods were transported by road , and Austria accused Italy of failing to comply with an agreement to transfer freight to the railways .
most italian goods were transported by road , and austria accused italy of failing to comply with an agreement to [give] freight to the railways .

Among many old documents purchased recently from a well-known auction house was a property transfer that you might very well like to see .
among many old documents purchased recently from a well-known auction house was a property [give] that you might very well like to see .

When he resigned on March 10 , Avril handed power to the acting Army Chief of Staff and former Foreign Minister , Gen. Herard Abraham , who promised to restore order and to transfer authority to a civilian administration within 72 hours .
when he resigned on march 10 , avril handed power to the acting army chief of staff and former foreign minister , gen. herard abraham , who promised to restore order and to [give] authority to a civilian administration within 72 hours .

Deputy Prime Minister Leonid Abalkin , presenting the draft law , said that it would create conditions necessary for the transfer to a planned market economy .
deputy prime minister leonid abalkin , presenting the draft law , said that it would create conditions necessary for the [give] to a planned market economy .

Transfer of headquarters to Cairo
[give] of headquarters to cairo

The advent of the new government also resulted in changes in the senior levels of the civil service , with the dismissal or transfer of civil servants identified as close to Rajiv Gandhi .
the advent of the new government also resulted in changes in the senior levels of the civil service , with the dismissal or [give] of civil servants identified as close to rajiv gandhi .

On Feb. 6 the Minister of Tourism , Maj. Mihai Lupoi , was dismissed for allegedly protesting at the transfer of buildings used by his ministry to other bodies .
on feb. 6 the minister of tourism , maj. mihai lupoi , was dismissed for allegedly protesting at the [give] of buildings used by his ministry to other bodies .

Throughout the crucial weeks of the winter of 1688 – 9 , Tory Anglicans had done their best to prevent a transfer of the Crown .
throughout the crucial weeks of the winter of 1688 – 9 , tory anglicans had done their best to prevent a [give] of the crown .

If the Tory Anglicans were going to lose the argument about the transfer of the Crown , they were determined to ensure that the Church would be safe under a Calvinist successor .
if the tory anglicans were going to lose the argument about the [give] of the crown , they were determined to ensure that the church would be safe under a calvinist successor .

The question was , whether the presumption of James 's abdication was enough to allow the scrupulous to transfer their allegiance to William and Mary .
the question was , whether the presumption of james 's abdication was enough to allow the scrupulous to [give] their allegiance to william and mary .

It presented William and Mary not only with a Claim of Right — a statement of basic constitutional principles akin to the English Declaration of Rights — but also with various Articles of Grievances demanding changes in the law , and clearly intended the transfer of the Crown to be conditional upon the acceptance of the terms of these documents .
it presented william and mary not only with a claim of right — a statement of basic constitutional principles akin to the english declaration of rights — but also with various articles of grievances demanding changes in the law , and clearly intended the [give] of the crown to be conditional upon the acceptance of the terms of these documents .

It is all too easy for accounts in this period to be dominated by two issues — the transfer of the British commitment in Greece to the United States in February–March 1947 ( followed by the formulation of the Truman Doctrine ) , and the angry Anglo-American exchanges over Palestine and the creation of Israel .
it is all too easy for accounts in this period to be dominated by two issues — the [give] of the british commitment in greece to the united states in february–march 1947 ( followed by the formulation of the truman doctrine ) , and the angry anglo-american exchanges over palestine and the creation of israel .

Several scholars have questioned the long-held view that the British Foreign Office 's note to Washington of 21 February 1947 announcing the early end of British aid to Greece and Turkey was a classic diplomatic coup — a calculated and timely transfer of an uncomfortably expensive commitment to the United States .
several scholars have questioned the long-held view that the british foreign office 's note to washington of 21 february 1947 announcing the early end of british aid to greece and turkey was a classic diplomatic coup — a calculated and timely [give] of an uncomfortably expensive commitment to the united states .

Lord Bullock further suggests that he may even have been reluctant to transfer this particular responsibility to the United States .
lord bullock further suggests that he may even have been reluctant to [give] this particular responsibility to the united states .

In 1958 it seems that Eisenhower also hoped that his generosity in the nuclear field might encourage the British to transfer resources from their own programmes to a renewed conventional build-up .
in 1958 it seems that eisenhower also hoped that his generosity in the nuclear field might encourage the british to [give] resources from their own programmes to a renewed conventional build-up .

The Council may have played a major role in planning the transfer of the Visigoths to Aquitaine .
the council may have played a major role in planning the [give] of the visigoths to aquitaine .

Moreover , it is possible that they underestimate the position of the Visigoths at the time of the transfer .
moreover , it is possible that they underestimate the position of the visigoths at the time of the [give] .

The problem of the transfer of loyalty by members of the aristocracy from one Merovingian to another attracted the attention of Guntram and Childebert shortly after Rauching 's death , when they met at Andelot .
the problem of the [give] of loyalty by members of the aristocracy from one merovingian to another attracted the attention of guntram and childebert shortly after rauching 's death , when they met at andelot .

Explaining why the authorities changed their mind and committed themselves to the transfer of land is a prime difficulty in the history of the emancipation .
explaining why the authorities changed their mind and committed themselves to the [give] of land is a prime difficulty in the history of the emancipation .

The division of the empire into fifteen military districts in August 1864 made possible the more efficient call-up of reservists in wartime and the partial transfer of decision-making to local commanders .
the division of the empire into fifteen military districts in august 1864 made possible the more efficient call-up of reservists in wartime and the partial [give] of decision-making to local commanders .

In January 1863 Golovnin acquiesced in the outright transfer of responsibility for censorship to the Ministry of Internal Affairs .
in january 1863 golovnin acquiesced in the outright [give] of responsibility for censorship to the ministry of internal affairs .

It should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the Group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the Group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .
it should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the group following a [give] of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .

the transfer of the shares ;
the [give] of the shares ;

In each case the actuarial assumptions agreed can materially affect the size of the transfer value .
in each case the actuarial assumptions agreed can materially affect the size of the [give] value .

The trustees of the seller 's pension scheme are not under the seller 's control and so the seller may not be able to procure payment of a transfer value equal to that agreed .
the trustees of the seller 's pension scheme are not under the seller 's control and so the seller may not be able to procure payment of a [give] value equal to that agreed .

Conditions attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents required for the transfer of properties , other major assets and major contracts .
conditions attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents required for the [give] of properties , other major assets and major contracts .

Provision for the effects of transfers of employees and liabilities in respect of them under the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations 1981 and transfers of pension rights .
provision for the effects of transfers of employees and liabilities in respect of them under the [give] of undertakings ( protection of employment ) regulations 1981 and transfers of pension rights .

If there are any pre transfer dismissals connected with the sale — liability to pay contractual damages redundancy etc may pass to the purchaser .
if there are any pre [give] dismissals connected with the sale — liability to pay contractual damages redundancy etc may pass to the purchaser .

In view of the consents that are likely to be necessary for the transfer of assets , there will almost certainly have to be such a period .
in view of the consents that are likely to be necessary for the [give] of assets , there will almost certainly have to be such a period .

Payments of stamp duty , capital transfer tax and inheritance tax .
payments of stamp duty , capital [give] tax and inheritance tax .

the transfer of shares in non-quoted companies ;
the [give] of shares in non-quoted companies ;

Under section 104 of the Companies Act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined initial period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the transfer of one or more non-cash assets to the company , unless ( among other conditions ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .
under section 104 of the companies act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined initial period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the [give] of one or more non-cash assets to the company , unless ( among other conditions ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .

share transfer provisions ;
share [give] provisions ;

restrictions on transfer or voting rights as specified in the statutes of a company
restrictions on [give] or voting rights as specified in the statutes of a company

where the initial word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , ensure that the technology is such that the transfer of files to the printer 's system will maintain the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and
where the initial word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , ensure that the technology is such that the [give] of files to the printer 's system will maintain the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and

Data transfer by modem .
data [give] by modem .

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the [give] date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the [give] date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

The accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ Transfer date ] .
the accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ [give] date ] .

The accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ Transfer date ] .
the accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ [give] date ] .

Assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .
assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that [give] substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .

Assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .
assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that [give] substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .

Full provision will be made for all liabilities of the business relating to any period before the Transfer date discharged or agreed to be discharged by the Purchaser at any time during the period from the Transfer date down to the date upon which the Completion accounts have become final and binding .
full provision will be made for all liabilities of the business relating to any period before the [give] date discharged or agreed to be discharged by the purchaser at any time during the period from the [give] date down to the date upon which the completion accounts have become final and binding .

Improved career opportunities with the possibility for promotions and transfer around the group as well as promotions within Name ;
improved career opportunities with the possibility for promotions and [give] around the group as well as promotions within name ;

These are the major muscle groups at work when the transfer from backswing to forward swing starts .
these are the major muscle groups at work when the [give] from backswing to forward swing starts .

Once this combination has been achieved at the top , the pulling action from the left Latissimus Dorsi , Trapezius and Deltoid starting down will automatically start the transfer of your weight from right to left making it a natural movement for the legs to drive forward .
once this combination has been achieved at the top , the pulling action from the left latissimus dorsi , trapezius and deltoid starting down will automatically start the [give] of your weight from right to left making it a natural movement for the legs to drive forward .

The study involves the transfer of parish register material for the c.1770-1820 and late eighteenth/early nineteenth century vestry data into machine-readable form .
the study involves the [give] of parish register material for the c.1770-1820 and late eighteenth/early nineteenth century vestry data into machine-readable form .

French industrial espionage in 18th century Britain and technological transfer
french industrial espionage in 18th century britain and technological [give]

The inventions and innovations of the British industrial revolution were spread to other nations by the transfer of technology .
the inventions and innovations of the british industrial revolution were spread to other nations by the [give] of technology .

Particular attention is also being paid to the transfer of resources between agriculture and the non-agricultural branches , to the changes in the incomes and expenditure of the different groups in Soviet society ( including the very important state sector ) , and to the distribution of labour between these different sectors and branches .
particular attention is also being paid to the [give] of resources between agriculture and the non-agricultural branches , to the changes in the incomes and expenditure of the different groups in soviet society ( including the very important state sector ) , and to the distribution of labour between these different sectors and branches .

The following topics are being pursued : transfer incomes to the elderly , contrasting the level of support under the Poor Law and the Welfare State ; retirement and the employment of elderly persons in pre-industrial times and up to the present .
the following topics are being pursued : [give] incomes to the elderly , contrasting the level of support under the poor law and the welfare state ; retirement and the employment of elderly persons in pre-industrial times and up to the present .

The second is transfer pricing : a subject which has received considerable attention in academic study , but where practice frequently seems to be restricted to what in theory may be regarded as the least satisfactory approaches .
the second is [give] pricing : a subject which has received considerable attention in academic study , but where practice frequently seems to be restricted to what in theory may be regarded as the least satisfactory approaches .

Distributional change , horizontal equity , and the British tax- transfer system
distributional change , horizontal equity , and the british tax- [give] system

At present , a recipient of Invalidity Benefit is likely to lose the whole of this income transfer as soon as they enter employment .
at present , a recipient of invalidity benefit is likely to lose the whole of this income [give] as soon as they enter employment .

In the last decade the number of individuals claiming Invalidity Benefit has doubled ; the transfer currently costs the Treasury approximately 3.5 billion pounds .
in the last decade the number of individuals claiming invalidity benefit has doubled ; the [give] currently costs the treasury approximately 3.5 billion pounds .

Macroeconomic inefficiency and macroeconomic imbalances built into the system , and the centralisation of political power , have combined with adverse international factors ( the oil crisis ; world trade stagnation , changes in terms of trade , rising interest rates , international inflation , rising cost of Western technology transfer , etc ) to produce a crisis of exceptional depth and duration .
macroeconomic inefficiency and macroeconomic imbalances built into the system , and the centralisation of political power , have combined with adverse international factors ( the oil crisis ; world trade stagnation , changes in terms of trade , rising interest rates , international inflation , rising cost of western technology [give] , etc ) to produce a crisis of exceptional depth and duration .

In the mid-1980s , a number of concerns focussed attention on the transfer of land from agriculture to forestry , including surpluses of farm products , falling farm incomes , high rates of wood imports , and damage to wildlife and landscape in rural areas .
in the mid-1980s , a number of concerns focussed attention on the [give] of land from agriculture to forestry , including surpluses of farm products , falling farm incomes , high rates of wood imports , and damage to wildlife and landscape in rural areas .

This research will investigate the processes which support the transfer of information in discourse .
this research will investigate the processes which support the [give] of information in discourse .

Knowledge , elicitation , acquisition and transfer with expert systems
knowledge , elicitation , acquisition and [give] with expert systems

An anthropological study of transfer payments in fishing in western Sweden
an anthropological study of [give] payments in fishing in western sweden

Awareness of learning reflection and transfer in school mathematics
awareness of learning reflection and [give] in school mathematics

The aim of the research project is to provide a detailed examination of the geographical structure of arms transfer to the Third World for the period 1970-1980 .
the aim of the research project is to provide a detailed examination of the geographical structure of arms [give] to the third world for the period 1970-1980 .

Controversy surrounds schools ' new transfer exam
controversy surrounds schools ' new [give] exam

Few could fault them if this time round their ‘ big exam day ’ nerves were compounded by the raging controversy surrounding the new transfer test .
few could fault them if this time round their ‘ big exam day ’ nerves were compounded by the raging controversy surrounding the new [give] test .

The 26-year-old was a free agent having been given a free transfer by the Scottish Premier League club , and flew to Belfast on Friday to complete the deal .
the 26-year-old was a free agent having been given a free [give] by the scottish premier league club , and flew to belfast on friday to complete the deal .

Three of Linfield 's transfer listed players , Ricky Wade , Lindsay Curry and Jeremy Robinson could shortly be on the move .
three of linfield 's [give] listed players , ricky wade , lindsay curry and jeremy robinson could shortly be on the move .

Nigel Melly — formerly with Derry City — was originally given a free transfer by the Scottish Premier League club .
nigel melly — formerly with derry city — was originally given a free [give] by the scottish premier league club .

Experienced Carrick Rangers defender Neil Cummings has been given a free transfer .
experienced carrick rangers defender neil cummings has been given a free [give] .

There has been a massive movement of patients from Belfast to has been no equivalent transfer of resources .
there has been a massive movement of patients from belfast to has been no equivalent [give] of resources .

The grant will support the transfer of the documents from individuals to a central collection , transcription of nearly illegible photocopies etc .
the grant will support the [give] of the documents from individuals to a central collection , transcription of nearly illegible photocopies etc .

Both regimes are also in a period of difficult political transition , the Northern regime attempting a form of hereditary socialist succession , and the Southern regime a peaceful transfer of power to a fully civilian government .
both regimes are also in a period of difficult political transition , the northern regime attempting a form of hereditary socialist succession , and the southern regime a peaceful [give] of power to a fully civilian government .

Technology transfer to China 's offshore oil industry : Phase 2
technology [give] to china 's offshore oil industry : phase 2

Capital transfer tax ‘ Sodom in reverse ’ ?
capital [give] tax ‘ sodom in reverse ’ ?

Such businesses or farms have no spare cash to pay the taxes which will be exacted , and the possibility of paying by instalments will be useless if the profits are not sufficient , after corporation tax or income tax , to build up to the capital transfer tax exigible .
such businesses or farms have no spare cash to pay the taxes which will be exacted , and the possibility of paying by instalments will be useless if the profits are not sufficient , after corporation tax or income tax , to build up to the capital [give] tax exigible .

Generally the provisions affecting settled property properly so-called — where the property is held by trustees for administration in accordance with the terms of a deed of settlement — are framed round the conception of the trust beneficiary as the transferor of the property involved in any transfer of value which takes place in consequence of any dealing with the property by way of advances out of the capital or disposal of his beneficial interest or termination of that interest by surrender or on death .
generally the provisions affecting settled property properly so-called — where the property is held by trustees for administration in accordance with the terms of a deed of settlement — are framed round the conception of the trust beneficiary as the transferor of the property involved in any [give] of value which takes place in consequence of any dealing with the property by way of advances out of the capital or disposal of his beneficial interest or termination of that interest by surrender or on death .

Where the death happens after 12/11/74 but before the passing of the Finance Act , 1975 , the termination of his interest is not a chargeable transfer .
where the death happens after 12/11/74 but before the passing of the finance act , 1975 , the termination of his interest is not a chargeable [give] .

If the beneficiary dies before the passing of the Finance Act , 1975 , but after a determination or disposal of his interest which has taken place after 25/3/74 , then that determination or disposal does not constitute a chargeable transfer .
if the beneficiary dies before the passing of the finance act , 1975 , but after a determination or disposal of his interest which has taken place after 25/3/74 , then that determination or disposal does not constitute a chargeable [give] .

Capital transfer tax
capital [give] tax

It was reported this week that the Southern Education Board could not afford to transfer the children elsewhere .
it was reported this week that the southern education board could not afford to [give] the children elsewhere .

But a spokesman for the board said they could no longer afford the costs of the small schools and the transfer charges were the lesser of the two .
but a spokesman for the board said they could no longer afford the costs of the small schools and the [give] charges were the lesser of the two .

And they are insisting that any cross-channel transfer fee for O'Hare or winger Johnny McIvor be ploughed back into strengthening the team locally .
and they are insisting that any cross-channel [give] fee for o'hare or winger johnny mcivor be ploughed back into strengthening the team locally .

But the losing manager will probably court the transfer market again .
but the losing manager will probably court the [give] market again .

Ekoku was reported to have been at Carrow Road last night for talks over a possible £700,000 transfer before the transfer deadline this afternoon .
ekoku was reported to have been at carrow road last night for talks over a possible £700,000 [give] before the [give] deadline this afternoon .

The Mourneview defender who stormed out and demanded a transfer after a bust-up over training says : ‘ The club is in the wrong and must be prepared to admit the mistake and put it right . ’
the mourneview defender who stormed out and demanded a [give] after a bust-up over training says : ‘ the club is in the wrong and must be prepared to admit the mistake and put it right . ’

The transfer of information between computer systems is at the heart of our current computing strategy .
the [give] of information between computer systems is at the heart of our current computing strategy .

Whereas 1 and 2 above are interactive , 3 and 4 do not permit us to transfer data from other computers , or to allow external computers access to our data files .
whereas 1 and 2 above are interactive , 3 and 4 do not permit us to [give] data from other computers , or to allow external computers access to our data files .

The efficient two-way transfer of information between ourselves and external systems can be seen to underpin all of our scientific activities , most of our public information functions , and a great deal of our internal records management .
the efficient two-way [give] of information between ourselves and external systems can be seen to underpin all of our scientific activities , most of our public information functions , and a great deal of our internal records management .

Staff underuse the present ‘ transfer call ’ facilities on the telephone system , and might benefit from training , which need not take long .
staff underuse the present ‘ [give] call ’ facilities on the telephone system , and might benefit from training , which need not take long .

After saving , routinely practice < Transfer > < Clear > < Window > before you use the < Quit > command .
after saving , routinely practice < [give] > < clear > < window > before you use the < quit > command .

Assistance will also be provided on the transfer of existing loan records from paper slips to the computer system .
assistance will also be provided on the [give] of existing loan records from paper slips to the computer system .

The transfer of energy to the electrical circuit is accomplished by means of the voltages induced in the phase windings when the rotor oscillates , so these voltages are considered first .
the [give] of energy to the electrical circuit is accomplished by means of the voltages induced in the phase windings when the rotor oscillates , so these voltages are considered first .

This screen contains codified information , some of which is used in the payroll production such as pay type ( ie cash , credit transfer ) , and bank account details .
this screen contains codified information , some of which is used in the payroll production such as pay type ( ie cash , credit [give] ) , and bank account details .

Unknown to her , requests were already being made for a transfer .
unknown to her , requests were already being made for a [give] .

Usually they merely represent a transfer of ownership from one person or institution to another , rather than an addition to the stock of assets .
usually they merely represent a [give] of ownership from one person or institution to another , rather than an addition to the stock of assets .

Financial innovation can be seen in the growth of new financial instruments such as options and futures , in the diversification of banking business into new services such as personal equity plans for customers , in the use of new technologies such as automated clearing and electronic fund transfer at point of sale , and in the development of new organizational forms and procedures within the industry .
financial innovation can be seen in the growth of new financial instruments such as options and futures , in the diversification of banking business into new services such as personal equity plans for customers , in the use of new technologies such as automated clearing and electronic fund [give] at point of sale , and in the development of new organizational forms and procedures within the industry .

Delivery is the voluntary transfer of possession from one person to another , section 61 .
delivery is the voluntary [give] of possession from one person to another , section 61 .

Delivery can be made in an appropriate case by the transfer of a document , or documents , of title , as in c.i.f .
delivery can be made in an appropriate case by the [give] of a document , or documents , of title , as in c.i.f .

( 2 ) Where a document of title to goods has been lawfully transferred to any person as buyer or owner of the goods , and that person transfers the document to a person who takes it in good faith and for valuable consideration , then — ; ( a ) if the last-mentioned transfer was by way of sale the unpaid seller 's right of lien or retention or stoppage in transit is defeated ; and ( b ) if the last-mentioned transfer was made by way of pledge or other disposition for value , the unpaid seller 's right of lien or retention or stoppage in transit can only be exercised subject to the rights of the transferee .
( 2 ) where a document of title to goods has been lawfully transferred to any person as buyer or owner of the goods , and that person transfers the document to a person who takes it in good faith and for valuable consideration , then — ; ( a ) if the last-mentioned [give] was by way of sale the unpaid seller 's right of lien or retention or stoppage in transit is defeated ; and ( b ) if the last-mentioned [give] was made by way of pledge or other disposition for value , the unpaid seller 's right of lien or retention or stoppage in transit can only be exercised subject to the rights of the transferee .

An interesting technical point arose in connection with the transfer of Bell 's ( Un ) surplus of 38 .
an interesting technical point arose in connection with the [give] of bell 's ( un ) surplus of 38 .

Management opportunities — close involvement with line management may offer opportunities to those who wish to transfer into management .
management opportunities — close involvement with line management may offer opportunities to those who wish to [give] into management .

rights on winding up ; policy on use of surplus funds ; transfer rules and entitlements .
rights on winding up ; policy on use of surplus funds ; [give] rules and entitlements .

Deciding whether to transfer a case to a higher court .
deciding whether to [give] a case to a higher court .

managing director of our Industrial Business Group , introduced the first part of the Minister 's tour , with a visit to industrial Businesses , where presentations were made on our work on electromagnetic compatibility , technology for medical and health care markets , advanced batteries and technology transfer to the process industries .
managing director of our industrial business group , introduced the first part of the minister 's tour , with a visit to industrial businesses , where presentations were made on our work on electromagnetic compatibility , technology for medical and health care markets , advanced batteries and technology [give] to the process industries .

The Heat Transfer and Fluid Flow Service has upgraded its software for designing shell and tube heat exchangers to run on Microsoft Windows .
the heat [give] and fluid flow service has upgraded its software for designing shell and tube heat exchangers to run on microsoft windows .

That accounts for the particularly speedy data transfer and seek times you can see in the benchmarks box .
that accounts for the particularly speedy data [give] and seek times you can see in the benchmarks box .

Others go for the split screen , interactive , file transfer only approach , where you can copy files to and from either machine , but little else .
others go for the split screen , interactive , file [give] only approach , where you can copy files to and from either machine , but little else .

FastLynx takes the bind out of file transfer .
fastlynx takes the bind out of file [give] .

File Transfer There are two distinct aspects to FastLynx .
file [give] there are two distinct aspects to fastlynx .

The first is pure and simple file transfer .
the first is pure and simple file [give] .

This is analogous to a script language or batch file , in that you set up a file transfer transaction which can be repeated every day , short-cutting the need to highlight and copy individual files .
this is analogous to a script language or batch file , in that you set up a file [give] transaction which can be repeated every day , short-cutting the need to highlight and copy individual files .

Overall , the FastLynx program offers everything you would need for simple file transfer , and is probably unique in offering three entirely different interfaces to it facilities .
overall , the fastlynx program offers everything you would need for simple file [give] , and is probably unique in offering three entirely different interfaces to it facilities .

It is also very fast , especially using the parallel cable option , and gave transfer rates in our test setup that averaged better than 4 megabytes per minute .
it is also very fast , especially using the parallel cable option , and gave [give] rates in our test setup that averaged better than 4 megabytes per minute .

Intelligent Aside from that small niggle , which is n't that important , given that you can always use the file transfer utility to move any files you need from redirected devices to the client machine , the FastLynx device drivers are very intelligent — if you tell them to be .
intelligent aside from that small niggle , which is n't that important , given that you can always use the file [give] utility to move any files you need from redirected devices to the client machine , the fastlynx device drivers are very intelligent — if you tell them to be .

All in all , FastLynx is an impressive package of well thought out programs that will give anyone with a need for its facilities a comprehensive resource for file transfer and pseudo-networking .
all in all , fastlynx is an impressive package of well thought out programs that will give anyone with a need for its facilities a comprehensive resource for file [give] and pseudo-networking .

Pros Fast and intuitive file transfer in as many modes as you have moods
pros fast and intuitive file [give] in as many modes as you have moods

This is possible because all Windows applications share a common data transfer system .
this is possible because all windows applications share a common data [give] system .

Getting the maximum data transfer rate out of a hard disk can increase the perceived speed of your computer enormously .
getting the maximum data [give] rate out of a hard disk can increase the perceived speed of your computer enormously .

Infection occurs with the transfer of data and is often passed on via an infected floppy disk .
infection occurs with the [give] of data and is often passed on via an infected floppy disk .

Flackware 's Zmodem is simply the best implementation we have seen of this powerful file transfer system .
flackware 's zmodem is simply the best implementation we have seen of this powerful file [give] system .

How useful including this software is debatable since it has a limited range of file transfer protocols .
how useful including this software is debatable since it has a limited range of file [give] protocols .

There will also be differences between the way routines are written , Although not measured by the Whetstone or Dhrystone tests Hard disc transfer rates and screen update speeds can affect overall machine performance dramatically .
there will also be differences between the way routines are written , although not measured by the whetstone or dhrystone tests hard disc [give] rates and screen update speeds can affect overall machine performance dramatically .

Former Rovers boss Don Mackay took him on a free transfer from Gijon to Ewood Park two seasons ago .
former rovers boss don mackay took him on a free [give] from gijon to ewood park two seasons ago .

But canny Stapleton has made transfer dealings which have brought in £600,000 .
but canny stapleton has made [give] dealings which have brought in £600,000 .

Chapuisat , who scored 14 goals for Dortmund last season after his £850,000 transfer from Uerdingen is desperate for international success .
chapuisat , who scored 14 goals for dortmund last season after his £850,000 [give] from uerdingen is desperate for international success .

Atkinson is privately seething at the intervention of chairman Ellis in last week 's transfer talks with Liverpool for striker Dean Saunders .
atkinson is privately seething at the intervention of chairman ellis in last week 's [give] talks with liverpool for striker dean saunders .

Full-back Irwin left on a free transfer to Oldham — who sold him on to Manchester United for £750,000 .
full-back irwin left on a free [give] to oldham — who sold him on to manchester united for £750,000 .

Certainly , West Ham must be choking on what they said before giving him a free transfer in the spring of last year .
certainly , west ham must be choking on what they said before giving him a free [give] in the spring of last year .

This culminated with his transfer to the Rolls Wood Group in 1990 .
this culminated with his [give] to the rolls wood group in 1990 .

heat transfer devices including high pressure steam generators , high temperature heat exchangers and cooling towers ;
heat [give] devices including high pressure steam generators , high temperature heat exchangers and cooling towers ;

In what represents a text book case of technology transfer , it has been taken up by major operators in the pharmaceutical and general chemical industries such as SmithKline Beecham , Foster Wheeler and Monsanto .
in what represents a text book case of technology [give] , it has been taken up by major operators in the pharmaceutical and general chemical industries such as smithkline beecham , foster wheeler and monsanto .

Up to 50 images can be stored at once and if that is not enough , you can always transfer the images to an Apple Powerbook to make more space — a bit of a culture shock for anyone used to filling up a camera bag with film and dashing off to the nearest photo lab .
up to 50 images can be stored at once and if that is not enough , you can always [give] the images to an apple powerbook to make more space — a bit of a culture shock for anyone used to filling up a camera bag with film and dashing off to the nearest photo lab .

The Hawthorns Hotel — for many generations of Bristolians the centre of their social life — will enable the University to increase the stock of its student accommodation , centralise its catering services , and transfer the Senior Common Room from Senate House .
the hawthorns hotel — for many generations of bristolians the centre of their social life — will enable the university to increase the stock of its student accommodation , centralise its catering services , and [give] the senior common room from senate house .

Developments in telecommunications which are now taking place , however , will mean that during the 1990s , broadband distribution will become available enabling online , simultaneous transfer of a wide range of digital information .
developments in telecommunications which are now taking place , however , will mean that during the 1990s , broadband distribution will become available enabling online , simultaneous [give] of a wide range of digital information .

There are clear technical issues such as the data transfer and memory implications of addressing much higher levels of display definition than are generally required today , particularly , of course , in consumer environments .
there are clear technical issues such as the data [give] and memory implications of addressing much higher levels of display definition than are generally required today , particularly , of course , in consumer environments .

the transfer of the polymer chain from a pure , perfectly ordered state to a state of disorder which has the necessary freedom to allow the chain to be placed randomly on a lattice , and
the [give] of the polymer chain from a pure , perfectly ordered state to a state of disorder which has the necessary freedom to allow the chain to be placed randomly on a lattice , and

As planned , in the final quarter , production of tufted carpet will increase by over a third with the transfer from a sub-contractor to our own plant , to the benefit of margins .
as planned , in the final quarter , production of tufted carpet will increase by over a third with the [give] from a sub-contractor to our own plant , to the benefit of margins .

It was a good place to play : there was always a chance that you were going to transfer to a big West End theatre .
it was a good place to play : there was always a chance that you were going to [give] to a big west end theatre .

Later this year a third intake will be built and linked in to the system which will automatically transfer raw materials to the mill .
later this year a third intake will be built and linked in to the system which will automatically [give] raw materials to the mill .

41½ of those years were spent in the Key Street office prior to the transfer with Malt to their new home at Kentford last October .
41½ of those years were spent in the key street office prior to the [give] with malt to their new home at kentford last october .

At the beginning of February we saw the transfer of our bag production to Exeter .
at the beginning of february we saw the [give] of our bag production to exeter .

Receptionist who has moved back to Newcastle following her husband 's transfer from the computer centre to in Durham .
receptionist who has moved back to newcastle following her husband 's [give] from the computer centre to in durham .

After a series of telephone calls , letter writing and visits to France , asked for a transfer to .
after a series of telephone calls , letter writing and visits to france , asked for a [give] to .

Children , having built up in the early stages of their lives an ‘ ego ideal ’ with whom they have had apparently satisfactory relationships , are for the rest of their lives attempting to transfer this ideal on to other people or organisations .
children , having built up in the early stages of their lives an ‘ ego ideal ’ with whom they have had apparently satisfactory relationships , are for the rest of their lives attempting to [give] this ideal on to other people or organisations .

Traditional models consist of the transfer of information from one person to another , for example , from user to designer and from manager to designer .
traditional models consist of the [give] of information from one person to another , for example , from user to designer and from manager to designer .

So too was the instant transfer of power from Conservative to Labour .
so too was the instant [give] of power from conservative to labour .

Something sudden had come up concerning the family fortunes and he had to consult his solicitors : it was the one excuse that his seniors being closer to retirement and thus deeply concerned with land values and capital transfer taxes accepted with sympathy .
something sudden had come up concerning the family fortunes and he had to consult his solicitors : it was the one excuse that his seniors being closer to retirement and thus deeply concerned with land values and capital [give] taxes accepted with sympathy .

Furthermore , costs in handling cargoes , the transfer complications brought about by different lock widths and the supplementary road haulage costs , however short the distances , mean that the simple ton-mile difference between quoted road and canal rates represents a gross rather than a net saving .
furthermore , costs in handling cargoes , the [give] complications brought about by different lock widths and the supplementary road haulage costs , however short the distances , mean that the simple ton-mile difference between quoted road and canal rates represents a gross rather than a net saving .

Hyperbolic perhaps , but Dr Dickson 's analysis of the structure of debt holding confirms that some degree of transfer from taxpaying land-holders to a class of debt-holding financiers was a characteristic of the public finance system .
hyperbolic perhaps , but dr dickson 's analysis of the structure of debt holding confirms that some degree of [give] from taxpaying land-holders to a class of debt-holding financiers was a characteristic of the public finance system .

It seems reasonable to accept the contemporary view that in rural England , albeit with much variation in the pattern between parishes , a significant transfer of income took place towards the poorer members of society .
it seems reasonable to accept the contemporary view that in rural england , albeit with much variation in the pattern between parishes , a significant [give] of income took place towards the poorer members of society .

Transfer to paper any thoughts or suggestions on how to treat the walls , the floor , the windows .
[give] to paper any thoughts or suggestions on how to treat the walls , the floor , the windows .

circadian oscillation of period about 27 hours and decreasing amplitude is established on transfer to complete darkness .
circadian oscillation of period about 27 hours and decreasing amplitude is established on [give] to complete darkness .

The authors also introduced the two main ways in which the propagation of radiation through leaves is modelled , the deterministic models in which the radiation flux is determined by means of differential equations , and the stochastic models which attempt to identify the probabilities of the various events in radiation transfer within the canopy .
the authors also introduced the two main ways in which the propagation of radiation through leaves is modelled , the deterministic models in which the radiation flux is determined by means of differential equations , and the stochastic models which attempt to identify the probabilities of the various events in radiation [give] within the canopy .

Otherwise there would be an incentive for workers to transfer their labour to the industry offering higher wages .
otherwise there would be an incentive for workers to [give] their labour to the industry offering higher wages .

The second row of Table 16–1 shows that government spending on transfer payments has also risen faster than national income .
the second row of table 16–1 shows that government spending on [give] payments has also risen faster than national income .

However , the most important source of the large rise in transfer payments was the steady rise in unemployment until the mid 1980s .
however , the most important source of the large rise in [give] payments was the steady rise in unemployment until the mid 1980s .

The subsequent decline in unemployment has also been responsible for the fall in the share of transfer payments since 1984 .
the subsequent decline in unemployment has also been responsible for the fall in the share of [give] payments since 1984 .

Table 16–4 shows that in 1987 82.4 billion , almost half of total government spending , went on transfer payments such as unemployment benefit and debt interest .
table 16–4 shows that in 1987 82.4 billion , almost half of total government spending , went on [give] payments such as unemployment benefit and debt interest .

Transfer Payments and Income Redistribution
[give] payments and income redistribution

In contrast , government spending on transfer payments is primarily concerned with equity and income redistribution .
in contrast , government spending on [give] payments is primarily concerned with equity and income redistribution .

First , transfer payments actually give money out to the poor .
first , [give] payments actually give money out to the poor .

As against these progressive elements of the tax , transfer , and spending structure , it should be noted that there are some important regressive elements that take proportionately more from the poor .
as against these progressive elements of the tax , [give] , and spending structure , it should be noted that there are some important regressive elements that take proportionately more from the poor .

Such taxes reduce the effectiveness of the tax , transfer and spending structure in redistributing from the rich to the poor .
such taxes reduce the effectiveness of the tax , [give] and spending structure in redistributing from the rich to the poor .

Government need tax revenue to pay for public goods and to make transfer payments to the poor . Must taxes create distortions and lead to the waste or inefficiency which Figure 16–3 suggests ?
government need tax revenue to pay for public goods and to make [give] payments to the poor . must taxes create distortions and lead to the waste or inefficiency which figure 16–3 suggests ?

If it were true that the private sector uses resources more productively than the public sector , the transfer of resources might directly produce more output .
if it were true that the private sector uses resources more productively than the public sector , the [give] of resources might directly produce more output .

Government spending comprises spending on goods and services and transfer payments .
government spending comprises spending on goods and services and [give] payments .

If the answer is yes , public subsidies are simply a transfer payment to Airbus shareholders , for which there is no strong economic rationale .
if the answer is yes , public subsidies are simply a [give] payment to airbus shareholders , for which there is no strong economic rationale .

It follows from the arguments above that the transfer of ownership from the public to the private sector is not in itself the most important issue .
it follows from the arguments above that the [give] of ownership from the public to the private sector is not in itself the most important issue .

If ownership transfer to the private sector has any direct benefit , it is only the one we cited above ; namely , that it makes it less easy for governments to use industries to meet the requirements of other political dictates .
if ownership [give] to the private sector has any direct benefit , it is only the one we cited above ; namely , that it makes it less easy for governments to use industries to meet the requirements of other political dictates .

Impose a ceiling of seven hectares for all private farms and ban the sale and transfer of land above the ceiling .
impose a ceiling of seven hectares for all private farms and ban the sale and [give] of land above the ceiling .

This leads to a massive transfer of wealth and power to these mainly Muslim states over the next decade .
this leads to a massive [give] of wealth and power to these mainly muslim states over the next decade .

If you add on the transfer of resources caused by rich countries paying much less for the poor world 's raw materials , then the flow is more like $ 60 billion .
if you add on the [give] of resources caused by rich countries paying much less for the poor world 's raw materials , then the flow is more like $ 60 billion .

But given those provisos a massive transfer of cash from rich to poor is still vitally necessary .
but given those provisos a massive [give] of cash from rich to poor is still vitally necessary .

The health board 's interest will transfer to the trust .
the health board 's interest will [give] to the trust .

All we would do is transfer people from rural districts to the ranks of the unemployed in urban ones .
all we would do is [give] people from rural districts to the ranks of the unemployed in urban ones .

We should create a synergy of activity in which local small and medium-sized companies can develop , technology transfer can be operated and academic institutions can be brought in .
we should create a synergy of activity in which local small and medium-sized companies can develop , technology [give] can be operated and academic institutions can be brought in .

One of the great incentives for development in Germany has been the ability to bring academic institutions into the real world of production to allow technology transfer , aided , abetted and assisted by the Landers and the local authorities .
one of the great incentives for development in germany has been the ability to bring academic institutions into the real world of production to allow technology [give] , aided , abetted and assisted by the landers and the local authorities .

It pointed out : ’ no overt decision had been made to phase out geriatric wards ; the practice grew as health authorities saw the opportunity to transfer costs to the budget of another Government Department by transferring one aspect of care to the voluntary and private sector .
it pointed out : ’ no overt decision had been made to phase out geriatric wards ; the practice grew as health authorities saw the opportunity to [give] costs to the budget of another government department by transferring one aspect of care to the voluntary and private sector .

With the short transfer to Euston station , passengers will have an interchange to and from the north-west and the midlands .
with the short [give] to euston station , passengers will have an interchange to and from the north-west and the midlands .

This is a transfer from one account to another .
this is a [give] from one account to another .

76 , in page 40 , line 42 , at end insert — ( 2 ) For a period of two years commencing from the first transfer date , a member ( whether elected or appointed ) or an employee of a local authority , shall not be eligible for appointment as chairman , but , after that time has elapsed , no such restriction shall apply . '
76 , in page 40 , line 42 , at end insert — ( 2 ) for a period of two years commencing from the first [give] date , a member ( whether elected or appointed ) or an employee of a local authority , shall not be eligible for appointment as chairman , but , after that time has elapsed , no such restriction shall apply . '

( a ) the date on which the scheme is to come into effect , being a date not later than the day immediately before the first transfer date ; and
( a ) the date on which the scheme is to come into effect , being a date not later than the day immediately before the first [give] date ; and

The Opposition welcome the transfer to Scotland of responsibility for higher education and the ending of the binary divide .
the opposition welcome the [give] to scotland of responsibility for higher education and the ending of the binary divide .

That was a slight overestimate of the position , because all that the Bill involves is the transfer of very limited powers to organisations in Scotland .
that was a slight overestimate of the position , because all that the bill involves is the [give] of very limited powers to organisations in scotland .

Can the Secretary of State tell us how many people might be involved in this so-called transfer fee racket , which seems to be difficult to administer ?
can the secretary of state tell us how many people might be involved in this so-called [give] fee racket , which seems to be difficult to administer ?

There has been a dramatic expansion of participation , and there are more mature and part-time students and more people working their way towards qualifications on the basis of credit accumulation and transfer .
there has been a dramatic expansion of participation , and there are more mature and part-time students and more people working their way towards qualifications on the basis of credit accumulation and [give] .

It remains our objective to transfer substantial power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a framework of stable relationships .
it remains our objective to [give] substantial power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a framework of stable relationships .

Is my hon. Friend aware that many of us believe that there must be no further transfer of accountability from the Westminster Government or Westminster Parliament to any institutions in Europe , unless that is approved by the British people in a referendum ?
is my hon. friend aware that many of us believe that there must be no further [give] of accountability from the westminster government or westminster parliament to any institutions in europe , unless that is approved by the british people in a referendum ?

Those authorities that transferred their stock , under the large-scale voluntary transfer policy , have received a substantial capital receipt , a quarter of which they are able to use .
those authorities that transferred their stock , under the large-scale voluntary [give] policy , have received a substantial capital receipt , a quarter of which they are able to use .

Does the Minister recognise that those of us who are friends of Kenya have been concerned for some time that that country has been slipping from the flagship position of good and open government in Africa ? Will she therefore welcome the repeal last week of section 2 of the Kenyan constitution , as that action seems to pave the way for the introduction of multi-party democracy ? Will Her Majesty 's Government continue to press for an orderly transfer to open elections on a free and fair basis ?
does the minister recognise that those of us who are friends of kenya have been concerned for some time that that country has been slipping from the flagship position of good and open government in africa ? will she therefore welcome the repeal last week of section 2 of the kenyan constitution , as that action seems to pave the way for the introduction of multi-party democracy ? will her majesty 's government continue to press for an orderly [give] to open elections on a free and fair basis ?

All attendance allowance beneficiaries aged under 65 and all mobility allowance beneficiaries will transfer automatically to the equivalent level of disability living allowance .
all attendance allowance beneficiaries aged under 65 and all mobility allowance beneficiaries will [give] automatically to the equivalent level of disability living allowance .

Why is it that £40 million is being spent on the 220 building at Harwell ? Does this have something to do with the transfer of work on Trident warheads from Aldermaston , which is not big enough ? Is not the cry of every potential bomb-making third-world country that its nuclear work is entirely civil , even though it is , in fact , for defence purposes ? It is time Britain gave a lead by stopping its nuclear proliferation .
why is it that £40 million is being spent on the 220 building at harwell ? does this have something to do with the [give] of work on trident warheads from aldermaston , which is not big enough ? is not the cry of every potential bomb-making third-world country that its nuclear work is entirely civil , even though it is , in fact , for defence purposes ? it is time britain gave a lead by stopping its nuclear proliferation .

Secondly , we want this progress to be sustained without interruption after the transfer of sovereignty in 1997 .
secondly , we want this progress to be sustained without interruption after the [give] of sovereignty in 1997 .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs when he next intends to visit the former Soviet Union to discuss matters relating to technology transfer and aid for the republics .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs when he next intends to visit the former soviet union to discuss matters relating to technology [give] and aid for the republics .

Efforts will continue to control the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and to encourage greater international responsibility in the transfer of conventional weapons .
efforts will continue to control the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and to encourage greater international responsibility in the [give] of conventional weapons .

With any changes to any rules about asylum or about dealing with short-term refugees , we must consider the essential element of the transfer of resources in a meaningful way .
with any changes to any rules about asylum or about dealing with short-term refugees , we must consider the essential element of the [give] of resources in a meaningful way .

On higher education , we will support the transfer to a single funding council because that was our policy .
on higher education , we will support the [give] to a single funding council because that was our policy .

Their proposals for further education will transfer elected local authority control over further education to control by seven or eight appointed regional boards .
their proposals for further education will [give] elected local authority control over further education to control by seven or eight appointed regional boards .

Similarly , the Gracious Speech is an apology for the privatisation process that has taken place , because it has led to the wholesale transfer of monopolies from the public to the private sector without serious competition , or adequate regulation to replace competition where it could not exist .
similarly , the gracious speech is an apology for the privatisation process that has taken place , because it has led to the wholesale [give] of monopolies from the public to the private sector without serious competition , or adequate regulation to replace competition where it could not exist .

In view of the serious situation that my right hon. Friend has outlined and the excellent policies that he is introducing to deal with it , can we have a clear assurance that the Government will resist any proposals at the Maastricht discussions to transfer immigration control to Brussels or the European Economic Community ?
in view of the serious situation that my right hon. friend has outlined and the excellent policies that he is introducing to deal with it , can we have a clear assurance that the government will resist any proposals at the maastricht discussions to [give] immigration control to brussels or the european economic community ?

If the Government sanction all the deals on gas burn that have been agreed to in principle , we will witness the transfer of 40 per cent .
if the government sanction all the deals on gas burn that have been agreed to in principle , we will witness the [give] of 40 per cent .

If Labour Members oppose the Bill , they and the miners will know that the redundancy terms on offer — which are generous by any standards — the transfer payments available for those wishing to move to other pits , the retraining help , and the managed workshops are all being provided by a Conservative Government , despite opposition from the Labour party .
if labour members oppose the bill , they and the miners will know that the redundancy terms on offer — which are generous by any standards — the [give] payments available for those wishing to move to other pits , the retraining help , and the managed workshops are all being provided by a conservative government , despite opposition from the labour party .

Responsibility for the inspection of further education and sixth form colleges will transfer to the Further Education Funding Council under a Bill now before another place .
responsibility for the inspection of further education and sixth form colleges will [give] to the further education funding council under a bill now before another place .

Although we are a parliamentary democracy and would expect to take nearly every final decision in this place , is there not a body of respectable constitutional opinion that says that , if we propose to transfer the democratic accountability from a Westminster Parliament to an unelected European Commission , or even an elected European Parliament , the British people are entitled to take a view on the matter ? Furthermore , is my right hon. Friend aware that we are unable to vote on that matter —
although we are a parliamentary democracy and would expect to take nearly every final decision in this place , is there not a body of respectable constitutional opinion that says that , if we propose to [give] the democratic accountability from a westminster parliament to an unelected european commission , or even an elected european parliament , the british people are entitled to take a view on the matter ? furthermore , is my right hon. friend aware that we are unable to vote on that matter —

September that , in calculating the transfer of funds from local authorities to the funding councils in recognition of their new responsibilities , the resources attributable to those courses for which the LEAs will continue to be responsible will be left within local authorities ' standard spending assessments .
september that , in calculating the [give] of funds from local authorities to the funding councils in recognition of their new responsibilities , the resources attributable to those courses for which the leas will continue to be responsible will be left within local authorities ' standard spending assessments .

The deputy Foreign Minister of Iran recently went to Paris to negotiate the transfer of enriched uranium from France .
the deputy foreign minister of iran recently went to paris to negotiate the [give] of enriched uranium from france .

It has been decided to transfer £75 to the group from the Society 's main account .
it has been decided to [give] £75 to the group from the society 's main account .

Section 2 ( 1 ) of the Sale of Goods Act defines a contract of sale of goods as : ‘ a contract whereby the seller transfers or agrees to transfer the property in goods to the buyer for a money consideration , called the price .
section 2 ( 1 ) of the sale of goods act defines a contract of sale of goods as : ‘ a contract whereby the seller transfers or agrees to [give] the property in goods to the buyer for a money consideration , called the price .

Such a contract is termed ‘ an agreement to sell ’ but it is still a contract of sale within the definition because of the words in section 2 ( 1 ) ‘ agrees to transfer .
such a contract is termed ‘ an agreement to sell ’ but it is still a contract of sale within the definition because of the words in section 2 ( 1 ) ‘ agrees to [give] .

’ Of course , a contract which lacks any agreement to transfer property ( ownership ) at all , will fall outside the definition , e.g .
’ of course , a contract which lacks any agreement to [give] property ( ownership ) at all , will fall outside the definition , e.g .

The words in section 2 ( 1 ) ‘ transfers or agrees to transfer the property in goods to the buyer ’ have been interpreted by the courts to require that the transfer of ownership to the buyer should be the main object of the agreement .
the words in section 2 ( 1 ) ‘ transfers or agrees to [give] the property in goods to the buyer ’ have been interpreted by the courts to require that the [give] of ownership to the buyer should be the main object of the agreement .

This is so even though an incidental or ancillary object of the contract is the transfer of ownership in some goods .
this is so even though an incidental or ancillary object of the contract is the [give] of ownership in some goods .

The substance of such an agreement is the transfer of ownership .
the substance of such an agreement is the [give] of ownership .

It is not always easy to decide what is the substance of the contract , the provision of services or the transfer of ownership .
it is not always easy to decide what is the substance of the contract , the provision of services or the [give] of ownership .

It is the hall mark of a contract of sale that seller and buyer each enter a commitment that there will be a transfer of ownership from the seller to the buyer .
it is the hall mark of a contract of sale that seller and buyer each enter a commitment that there will be a [give] of ownership from the seller to the buyer .

Capacity to buy and sell is regulated by the general law concerning capacity to contract and to transfer and acquire property .
capacity to buy and sell is regulated by the general law concerning capacity to contract and to [give] and acquire property .

Unless and until the buyer has the ownership in the goods he can not transfer that ownership on to any further person .
unless and until the buyer has the ownership in the goods he can not [give] that ownership on to any further person .

It is not unusual therefore for the contract expressly to deal with the time for payment and the time for delivery but to be silent about the time of the transfer of property .
it is not unusual therefore for the contract expressly to deal with the time for payment and the time for delivery but to be silent about the time of the [give] of property .

The first part dealt with unmixed foil and stated that ownership in the foil would transfer to the buyers only when they had paid all that was owing to the sellers .
the first part dealt with unmixed foil and stated that ownership in the foil would [give] to the buyers only when they had paid all that was owing to the sellers .

The second part dealt with mixed foil and stated that the ownership of the sellers would transfer from the foil used in the manufacture to the finished products and that these would remain the property of the sellers until full payment had been made to them .
the second part dealt with mixed foil and stated that the ownership of the sellers would [give] from the foil used in the manufacture to the finished products and that these would remain the property of the sellers until full payment had been made to them .

The second part of clause 13 also authorised the buyers to sell these finished goods , on condition that they would if requested transfer to the sellers the benefit of those sales .
the second part of clause 13 also authorised the buyers to sell these finished goods , on condition that they would if requested [give] to the sellers the benefit of those sales .

Searle did not have title and therefore could not transfer it to Harper .
searle did not have title and therefore could not [give] it to harper .

For the same reason Harper did not transfer title to the finance company .
for the same reason harper did not [give] title to the finance company .

‘ Where a person , having sold goods , continues , or is , in possession of the goods or of the documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer by that person , or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of the previous sale , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same . ’
‘ where a person , having sold goods , continues , or is , in possession of the goods or of the documents of title to the goods , the delivery or [give] by that person , or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of the previous sale , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or [give] were expressly authorised by the owner of the goods to make the same . ’

‘ Where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , obtains with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer , by that person or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’
‘ where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , obtains with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or [give] , by that person or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or [give] were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’

We have already seen that someone with a voidable title can nevertheless transfer to an innocent purchaser a perfect title , provided he does so before his title is avoided .
we have already seen that someone with a voidable title can nevertheless [give] to an innocent purchaser a perfect title , provided he does so before his title is avoided .

There must be a delivery or transfer of the goods or documents of title to the innocent sub-purchaser .
there must be a delivery or [give] of the goods or documents of title to the innocent sub-purchaser .

Section 12 ( 3 ) applies to a contract where it appears from the contract or is to be inferred from the circumstances that the parties intended that the seller should transfer only a limited title ( whether it be the limited title of the seller himself or of some third person from whom the seller would obtain it ) .
section 12 ( 3 ) applies to a contract where it appears from the contract or is to be inferred from the circumstances that the parties intended that the seller should [give] only a limited title ( whether it be the limited title of the seller himself or of some third person from whom the seller would obtain it ) .

The Commission 's latest strategy now appears to be to devise origin rules which focus on the transfer of technology , since a local content ratio of 80 per cent can still allow Japanese producers to hang on to key technological processes .
the commission 's latest strategy now appears to be to devise origin rules which focus on the [give] of technology , since a local content ratio of 80 per cent can still allow japanese producers to hang on to key technological processes .

Make a small hole through the ceiling next to a joist with a bradawl , leaving it in place while you go downstairs and transfer the position ( and width ) of the joist on to the ceiling downstairs with pencil marks .
make a small hole through the ceiling next to a joist with a bradawl , leaving it in place while you go downstairs and [give] the position ( and width ) of the joist on to the ceiling downstairs with pencil marks .

This is the young man who makes all the seams invisible , who can ‘ transfer ’ across from the stable door without you noticing .
this is the young man who makes all the seams invisible , who can ‘ [give] ’ across from the stable door without you noticing .

Transfer of Civilization from 910 919 to 930 990 and new area divisions for 41 42 were also incorporated .
[give] of civilization from 910 919 to 930 990 and new area divisions for 41 42 were also incorporated .

Suppose now we consider an explicitly redistributive tax , with the proceeds per capita being used to finance a lump-sum transfer to workers .
suppose now we consider an explicitly redistributive tax , with the proceeds per capita being used to finance a lump-sum [give] to workers .

Moreover , the distribution of money ( say in the form of transfer payments ) increases individuals ' incomes .
moreover , the distribution of money ( say in the form of [give] payments ) increases individuals ' incomes .

Suppose first we consider the case where the revenue from the capital tax is used to pay a lump-sum transfer to the older generation ; i.e .
suppose first we consider the case where the revenue from the capital tax is used to pay a lump-sum [give] to the older generation ; i.e .

We consider first the case where the proceeds of the interest tax finance a lump-sum transfer to the older generation ( as in Fig .
we consider first the case where the proceeds of the interest tax finance a lump-sum [give] to the older generation ( as in fig .

The tax on capital , used to make a transfer to the younger generation , raises k ( where the local stability condition ( 8–43 ) holds ) .
the tax on capital , used to make a [give] to the younger generation , raises k ( where the local stability condition ( 8–43 ) holds ) .

In contrast to the redistributive capital tax considered in Section 8–3 , the indirect effects reinforce the transfer .
in contrast to the redistributive capital tax considered in section 8–3 , the indirect effects reinforce the [give] .

There , the capitalist class had the larger savings propensity , and a transfer to wage-earners reduced the rate of accumulation .
there , the capitalist class had the larger savings propensity , and a [give] to wage-earners reduced the rate of accumulation .

Here , the wage-earning generation are the only savers , and a transfer to this generation raises savings .
here , the wage-earning generation are the only savers , and a [give] to this generation raises savings .

Exercise 8–5 Examine the balanced growth incidence of a capital tax used to pay a lump-sum transfer to the working generation ( where ) . What is the relationship between the size of the transfer and the revenue raised ?
exercise 8–5 examine the balanced growth incidence of a capital tax used to pay a lump-sum [give] to the working generation ( where ) . what is the relationship between the size of the [give] and the revenue raised ?

On the other hand , if one assumes that the main source of savings is through wage-earners making provision for retirement , then and the indirect responses ( via increased k ) reinforce the effect of the transfer .
on the other hand , if one assumes that the main source of savings is through wage-earners making provision for retirement , then and the indirect responses ( via increased k ) reinforce the effect of the [give] .

In the steady-state analysis of the life-cycle model in the previous section , we showed that an increase in debt is equivalent to a lump-sum transfer to the retired financed by a lump-sum tax on the younger generation .
in the steady-state analysis of the life-cycle model in the previous section , we showed that an increase in debt is equivalent to a lump-sum [give] to the retired financed by a lump-sum tax on the younger generation .

even if there is perfect symmetry in the utility function between antecedents and descendants and no uncertainty , there still may be constraints on the private transfer of income ( wealth ) among generations .
even if there is perfect symmetry in the utility function between antecedents and descendants and no uncertainty , there still may be constraints on the private [give] of income ( wealth ) among generations .

Similarly , a lot of government expenditure is designed to transfer income between different stages in the life cycle .
similarly , a lot of government expenditure is designed to [give] income between different stages in the life cycle .

In particular , a tax on the transfer of material wealth may well make other forms of transfer more attractive .
in particular , a tax on the [give] of material wealth may well make other forms of [give] more attractive .

The impact of a state pension scheme in terms of current income is predominantly to transfer income to lower income people from the better-off working population .
the impact of a state pension scheme in terms of current income is predominantly to [give] income to lower income people from the better-off working population .

At the same time , it is clear that the information provided by the parties is not purely informative , and that the transfer of the process of providing information .
at the same time , it is clear that the information provided by the parties is not purely informative , and that the [give] of the process of providing information .

This is clearly too sharply drawn , since a number of control devices can be established ( at a cost ) , including direct monitoring , establishment of overlapping agencies and transfer of personnel .
this is clearly too sharply drawn , since a number of control devices can be established ( at a cost ) , including direct monitoring , establishment of overlapping agencies and [give] of personnel .

Perhaps she should go back to London ; the travel agent would no doubt transfer her back again if she asked .
perhaps she should go back to london ; the travel agent would no doubt [give] her back again if she asked .

The minister responsible for monetary policy should be answerable to the House of Commons … By definition a single currency means that this country would no longer have the levers of control over the interest rates or banking policy … the Delors proposal for a Stage 3 would involve transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom Parliament of a sort neither Government nor Parliament would find themselves able to accept .
the minister responsible for monetary policy should be answerable to the house of commons … by definition a single currency means that this country would no longer have the levers of control over the interest rates or banking policy … the delors proposal for a stage 3 would involve [give] of sovereignty from the united kingdom parliament of a sort neither government nor parliament would find themselves able to accept .

The acid test of whether there is a continuing role for the nation state remains whether the citizens of Britain , for instance , would wish or feel able to transfer their allegiance to a government in Brussels .
the acid test of whether there is a continuing role for the nation state remains whether the citizens of britain , for instance , would wish or feel able to [give] their allegiance to a government in brussels .

Spain , Portugal , Ireland and Greece also oppose an early enlargement , albeit for rather different reasons : they fear that the current transfer of resources to them from the richer countries — above all , from Britain and Germany — might be put at risk , and have made it clear that their support for any growth in the size of the Community is contingent on their receipt of guaranteed levels of Cohesion payments .
spain , portugal , ireland and greece also oppose an early enlargement , albeit for rather different reasons : they fear that the current [give] of resources to them from the richer countries — above all , from britain and germany — might be put at risk , and have made it clear that their support for any growth in the size of the community is contingent on their receipt of guaranteed levels of cohesion payments .

However , rare inelastic collisions may also occur , resulting in the transfer of specific vibrational quanta of energy from the particles to the molecules .
however , rare inelastic collisions may also occur , resulting in the [give] of specific vibrational quanta of energy from the particles to the molecules .

The incoming photon , on the other hand , has both energy and linear momentum , so that resonant absorption of the photon ( involving transfer of the whole of the photon energy to the molecule ) must also involve the transfer of the linear momentum of the photon .
the incoming photon , on the other hand , has both energy and linear momentum , so that resonant absorption of the photon ( involving [give] of the whole of the photon energy to the molecule ) must also involve the [give] of the linear momentum of the photon .

Most of what is commonly called electronic spectroscopy is concerned with transfer of electrons between valence shell molecular orbitals .
most of what is commonly called electronic spectroscopy is concerned with [give] of electrons between valence shell molecular orbitals .

Intervalence compounds have been classified according to the ease of electron transfer between the distinct sites .
intervalence compounds have been classified according to the ease of electron [give] between the distinct sites .

If the show was to transfer then it would have to be with a new accompanist/narrator .
if the show was to [give] then it would have to be with a new accompanist/narrator .

Out of the corner of her eye , Meredith saw Lucenzo fold his arms , and she felt the tension in his body transfer to hers .
out of the corner of her eye , meredith saw lucenzo fold his arms , and she felt the tension in his body [give] to hers .

Subsequently , it authorises its splitting up and its transfer to other people 's banks .
subsequently , it authorises its splitting up and its [give] to other people 's banks .

Is it simply a transfer from the customer 's bank account to building society account of money that was lying idle ?
is it simply a [give] from the customer 's bank account to building society account of money that was lying idle ?

It would fall to its previous level when he later made the transfer to his building society .
it would fall to its previous level when he later made the [give] to his building society .

Pupils could transfer from 11–16 to 11–18 schools for sixth-form courses .
pupils could [give] from 11–16 to 11–18 schools for sixth-form courses .

They were given powers to ensure adequate elementary and higher education within their areas ; and provision was made for existing schools to transfer to these new authorities .
they were given powers to ensure adequate elementary and higher education within their areas ; and provision was made for existing schools to [give] to these new authorities .

Those pupils wishing to continue their education have either to transfer to a school which does have a sixth form or to a sixth form college , or to move outside the secondary school system into a tertiary or further education college ( see below ) .
those pupils wishing to continue their education have either to [give] to a school which does have a sixth form or to a sixth form college , or to move outside the secondary school system into a tertiary or further education college ( see below ) .

Church schools which have chosen to transfer to the education authority , rather than be independent , become public schools ( the term used in Scotland for maintained or state schools ) , although they can make separate arrangements for denominational instruction .
church schools which have chosen to [give] to the education authority , rather than be independent , become public schools ( the term used in scotland for maintained or state schools ) , although they can make separate arrangements for denominational instruction .

( There is often a degree of integration between these ; this aims for the use of the same key-presses for the same effects and allows the transfer of data between functions . )
( there is often a degree of integration between these ; this aims for the use of the same key-presses for the same effects and allows the [give] of data between functions . )

However , if we are to go much further along the road to open learning mentioned earlier , we need to explore and extend the potential of electronic information transfer .
however , if we are to go much further along the road to open learning mentioned earlier , we need to explore and extend the potential of electronic information [give] .

There are also a few experiments in Earth geometry that gain from the rapid transfer of data between distant schools .
there are also a few experiments in earth geometry that gain from the rapid [give] of data between distant schools .

She had spent the time since her arrival making calm arrangements for the transfer of her father 's body to their Buckinghamshire home after the inquest tomorrow , and was now apparently set on clearing up this murder before she left .
she had spent the time since her arrival making calm arrangements for the [give] of her father 's body to their buckinghamshire home after the inquest tomorrow , and was now apparently set on clearing up this murder before she left .

Business transfer to new company
business [give] to new company

Some 600 of the workforce will transfer to the subsidiary company .
some 600 of the workforce will [give] to the subsidiary company .

For the Capenhurst staff who will transfer to Urenco [ Capenhurst ] Ltd employment terms and conditions will be broadly similar to those currently in place .
for the capenhurst staff who will [give] to urenco [ capenhurst ] ltd employment terms and conditions will be broadly similar to those currently in place .

Jeff , who drove a lead car , explained : ‘ We knew there was a building site there and after a few dollars had changed hands the construction workers used one of their cranes to transfer the three-and-a-halfton generator . ’
jeff , who drove a lead car , explained : ‘ we knew there was a building site there and after a few dollars had changed hands the construction workers used one of their cranes to [give] the three-and-a-halfton generator . ’

The king could also transfer such men from one region to another within his own kingdom .
the king could also [give] such men from one region to another within his own kingdom .

Please transfer the sum of £250 from Nether Wyresdale Parish Council Flexible Savings Account no 772611 07478350 to Nether Wyresdale Parish Council current account no 772611 07478368 .
please [give] the sum of £250 from nether wyresdale parish council flexible savings account no 772611 07478350 to nether wyresdale parish council current account no 772611 07478368 .

In other vicinities , clusters of schools shared some part of their staff in pursuit of a common curriculum entitlement for all those pupils who would transfer from , for instance , distant and isolated primary schools to a single country-town secondary school .
in other vicinities , clusters of schools shared some part of their staff in pursuit of a common curriculum entitlement for all those pupils who would [give] from , for instance , distant and isolated primary schools to a single country-town secondary school .

Other expansions involved Provincial Insurance , British Airways , Barclays Stockbrokers and the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board , whose decision to relocate a further 110 jobs to Glasgow virtually completes its entire transfer from London .
other expansions involved provincial insurance , british airways , barclays stockbrokers and the criminal injuries compensation board , whose decision to relocate a further 110 jobs to glasgow virtually completes its entire [give] from london .

The original plan had been for a rapid take-over of military and political control in Madrid , accompanied by risings in the other main cities and the convergence on the capital of detachments from the provinces to consolidate the coup and force the transfer of power .
the original plan had been for a rapid take-over of military and political control in madrid , accompanied by risings in the other main cities and the convergence on the capital of detachments from the provinces to consolidate the coup and force the [give] of power .

Although the rebels had begun an air ferry with six planes they had at their disposal , it was clear that the rate of transfer thus achieved was much too slow and that the only hope of improving it was to obtain more planes from outside Spain .
although the rebels had begun an air ferry with six planes they had at their disposal , it was clear that the rate of [give] thus achieved was much too slow and that the only hope of improving it was to obtain more planes from outside spain .

‘ Competence is a wide concept which embodies the ability to transfer skills and knowledge to new situations within the occupational area .
‘ competence is a wide concept which embodies the ability to [give] skills and knowledge to new situations within the occupational area .

the transfer of data from one application to another .
the [give] of data from one application to another .

embraces the ability to transfer skills and knowledge to new situations ;
embraces the ability to [give] skills and knowledge to new situations ;

It has sometimes been remarked that the courts test for transfer of an enterprise is an employment one rather than a commercial one .
it has sometimes been remarked that the courts test for [give] of an enterprise is an employment one rather than a commercial one .

On the basis of the above analysis by the Court it might be more accurate to say that the test is a commercial one but that it relates not to the transfer of ownership of enterprises , but to the transfer of economic or organisational activities .
on the basis of the above analysis by the court it might be more accurate to say that the test is a commercial one but that it relates not to the [give] of ownership of enterprises , but to the [give] of economic or organisational activities .

The 1993 Bill takes a cautious step , by proposing an amendment to the effect that a transfer may be found to have occurred ‘ whether or not any property is transferred to the transferee by the transferor ’ .
the 1993 bill takes a cautious step , by proposing an amendment to the effect that a [give] may be found to have occurred ‘ whether or not any property is transferred to the transferee by the transferor ’ .

If so , the Directive will normally operate so as to transfer the employees employed by the former controller in the discharge of the function to the new controller and on the same terms and conditions of employment .
if so , the directive will normally operate so as to [give] the employees employed by the former controller in the discharge of the function to the new controller and on the same terms and conditions of employment .

Moreover , although Rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the Court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .
moreover , although rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent [give] of the function to another sub-contractor .

In this context , the Court 's well-known flexibility about how the transfer occurs ( for example , whether it occurs indirectly via a third party ) and whether it involves a temporary cessation of the activities in question ( see Redmond Stichting at points 11–13 ) is important .
in this context , the court 's well-known flexibility about how the [give] occurs ( for example , whether it occurs indirectly via a third party ) and whether it involves a temporary cessation of the activities in question ( see redmond stichting at points 11–13 ) is important .

The essence of the matter was stated in the first sentence of Article 613 : ‘ when an enterprise or a part of an enterprise is transferred to another owner ( sic ) as a result of a legal transaction , the latter shall succeed to the rights and obligations under the contracts of employment existing at the date of the transfer ’ ( my translation ) .
the essence of the matter was stated in the first sentence of article 613 : ‘ when an enterprise or a part of an enterprise is transferred to another owner ( sic ) as a result of a legal transaction , the latter shall succeed to the rights and obligations under the contracts of employment existing at the date of the [give] ’ ( my translation ) .

In the context of the transfer of businesses the former approach can amount to forcing the worker to work for someone he or she has not chosen .
in the context of the [give] of businesses the former approach can amount to forcing the worker to work for someone he or she has not chosen .

Clearly , those who drafted the Directive thought that normally it would be in the interests of the employee to transfer with the business .
clearly , those who drafted the directive thought that normally it would be in the interests of the employee to [give] with the business .

The transferee employer may not be a very attractive proposition from the employee 's point of view , say where what is envisaged is transfer from the shelter of the public sector to a private sector operator with little knowledge of the industry .
the transferee employer may not be a very attractive proposition from the employee 's point of view , say where what is envisaged is [give] from the shelter of the public sector to a private sector operator with little knowledge of the industry .

Article 3 of the Directive does not prevent the employee refusing to transfer , but the Court is equally clear that ‘ the Directive does not oblige Member States to provide that the contract or the employment relationship is continued by the transferor ’ ( point 35 ) .
article 3 of the directive does not prevent the employee refusing to [give] , but the court is equally clear that ‘ the directive does not oblige member states to provide that the contract or the employment relationship is continued by the transferor ’ ( point 35 ) .

’ The Member States may indeed decide that the employee 's contract shall simply continue with the transferor , but they may equally decide that the employee 's refusal to transfer shall be regarded as a termination of the contract by the employer or , even , that the refusal to transfer is to be treated as a determination of the contract of by the employee ( point 36 ) .
’ the member states may indeed decide that the employee 's contract shall simply continue with the transferor , but they may equally decide that the employee 's refusal to [give] shall be regarded as a termination of the contract by the employer or , even , that the refusal to [give] is to be treated as a determination of the contract of by the employee ( point 36 ) .

It will all depend on the choice to be made by the national legislatures , and in the case of countries which make the third choice the employee 's option not to transfer may give the worker no more than he or she already has under the Mikkelsen doctrine i.e .
it will all depend on the choice to be made by the national legislatures , and in the case of countries which make the third choice the employee 's option not to [give] may give the worker no more than he or she already has under the mikkelsen doctrine i.e .

In particular they battled over the key question for secondary education — the age of transfer and the nature of secondary school organisation .
in particular they battled over the key question for secondary education — the age of [give] and the nature of secondary school organisation .

The existing age of transfer was to be kept at eleven to keep the time in grammar school to at least four years , since the ‘ new ’ school leaving age was to be fifteen .
the existing age of [give] was to be kept at eleven to keep the time in grammar school to at least four years , since the ‘ new ’ school leaving age was to be fifteen .

When he was told that transfer between schools would be possible , and that schools would be encouraged to have a common but diverse curriculum for all eleven-to-thirteen-year-olds , Butler said that he felt ‘ much comforted ’ .
when he was told that [give] between schools would be possible , and that schools would be encouraged to have a common but diverse curriculum for all eleven-to-thirteen-year-olds , butler said that he felt ‘ much comforted ’ .

If subjects rated these junctions as relatively low on accident estimates then the types of transfer bias which Poulton ( 1989 , p.238 ) describes could have caused the first few low judgments to inflate subsequent ones .
if subjects rated these junctions as relatively low on accident estimates then the types of [give] bias which poulton ( 1989 , p.238 ) describes could have caused the first few low judgments to inflate subsequent ones .

If you have a call for someone , transfer it to the nearest phone or go over to them to tell them you have a call .
if you have a call for someone , [give] it to the nearest phone or go over to them to tell them you have a call .

The location of your place of employment may also be changed by use of the ‘ Code of Practice on Employee Redeployment and Transfer ’ .
the location of your place of employment may also be changed by use of the ‘ code of practice on employee redeployment and [give] ’ .

( iv ) You are paid monthly in arrears by credit transfer .
( iv ) you are paid monthly in arrears by credit [give] .

Arrangements are being made to transfer remaining Water Operations to ground floor in main building and thereafter Meter Section/Work Study/Transport Co–ordinator and BUsiness Plan Team .
arrangements are being made to [give] remaining water operations to ground floor in main building and thereafter meter section/work study/transport co–ordinator and business plan team .

1 ) Transfer Free/Rest day to another working day and be paid x 1.5 or 2 respectively
1 ) [give] free/rest day to another working day and be paid x 1.5 or 2 respectively

2 ) Transfer Free/Rest day to another working day and take the day off .
2 ) [give] free/rest day to another working day and take the day off .

One of the most exciting events towards the year end was the transfer of the Geotech site investigation team at Uphall to Environmental , giving us not only a stronger resource in geology and land assessment , but also a well established presence in Scotland from which we hope to offer all our other services in future .
one of the most exciting events towards the year end was the [give] of the geotech site investigation team at uphall to environmental , giving us not only a stronger resource in geology and land assessment , but also a well established presence in scotland from which we hope to offer all our other services in future .

The contract involves sampling , analysis and assessment at more than 200 waste disposal points throughout central London and its surrounding boroughs , including existing and former landfills , transfer stations and public tipping sites
the contract involves sampling , analysis and assessment at more than 200 waste disposal points throughout central london and its surrounding boroughs , including existing and former landfills , [give] stations and public tipping sites

In 1898 , the Anglo-Boer War resulted in the transfer of the offices to Cape Town and the closing down of virtually all the mines until 1902 when the gold mining companies of the group resumed operations .
in 1898 , the anglo-boer war resulted in the [give] of the offices to cape town and the closing down of virtually all the mines until 1902 when the gold mining companies of the group resumed operations .

With the transfer of the empire to the West , when the pope crowned the Frankish King Charlemagne as emperor on Christmas Day 800 , Roman law 's future was assured in those more rural and agrarian parts of Europe within the empire where it had not already penetrated .
with the [give] of the empire to the west , when the pope crowned the frankish king charlemagne as emperor on christmas day 800 , roman law 's future was assured in those more rural and agrarian parts of europe within the empire where it had not already penetrated .

Sandison finds that the probability of citation will be halved by the transfer of library material to the Reserve Stock shelves , which may be at some distance from the main library shelving , or which may have to be fetched from remote stores .
sandison finds that the probability of citation will be halved by the [give] of library material to the reserve stock shelves , which may be at some distance from the main library shelving , or which may have to be fetched from remote stores .

( Discussion of subject definition , as part of the information transfer process , is deferred to Chapter 6 ) .
( discussion of subject definition , as part of the information [give] process , is deferred to chapter 6 ) .

Indicators of the impacts of science need to be broadened to include training and networks , as well as direct knowledge transfer , according to Pavitt .
indicators of the impacts of science need to be broadened to include training and networks , as well as direct knowledge [give] , according to pavitt .

Communication in science can take place at different levels of complexity or integration of informational elements ; data transfer is the most basic level , comprising the exchange of information on fundamental parameters , such as numerical or analytical data ; the descriptive level involves the transfer of data in a descriptive context ; and at the idea transfer level , deductions , interpretations and predictions are made from data and descriptions earlier acquired , and from background knowledge and experience .
communication in science can take place at different levels of complexity or integration of informational elements ; data [give] is the most basic level , comprising the exchange of information on fundamental parameters , such as numerical or analytical data ; the descriptive level involves the [give] of data in a descriptive context ; and at the idea [give] level , deductions , interpretations and predictions are made from data and descriptions earlier acquired , and from background knowledge and experience .

Comparisons with computers can be used for the data transfer elements of this process , modelling the flow of sequential current variations along circuits , and also for the transfer of information , in the form of structured data ( i.e .
comparisons with computers can be used for the data [give] elements of this process , modelling the flow of sequential current variations along circuits , and also for the [give] of information , in the form of structured data ( i.e .

At the idea transfer level , machines have not yet demonstrated unequivocally the ability to process concepts in the way that human consciousness processes thought .
at the idea [give] level , machines have not yet demonstrated unequivocally the ability to process concepts in the way that human consciousness processes thought .

Auditory , visual , and tactile processes can be used for the transmission of information in the form of signals , as a simple type of communication , but the communication processes discussed here will be limited to those used in the idea transfer process , and more particularly to those used in the growth and development of scientific knowledge .
auditory , visual , and tactile processes can be used for the transmission of information in the form of signals , as a simple type of communication , but the communication processes discussed here will be limited to those used in the idea [give] process , and more particularly to those used in the growth and development of scientific knowledge .

The transfer of ideas between scientists , disregarding for the moment the nature of the medium used for exchange , can be described either as personal or as formal .
the [give] of ideas between scientists , disregarding for the moment the nature of the medium used for exchange , can be described either as personal or as formal .

Pablo Escobar , the leader of the Medellín drug cartel , escaped from La Catedral prison in Envigado , a few kilometres from Medellín , on July 22 as an attempt was made to transfer him to an army barracks .
pablo escobar , the leader of the medellín drug cartel , escaped from la catedral prison in envigado , a few kilometres from medellín , on july 22 as an attempt was made to [give] him to an army barracks .

[ For Soviet transfer of the former East German leader Erich Honecker in March 1991 see p. 38110 . ]
[ for soviet [give] of the former east german leader erich honecker in march 1991 see p. 38110 . ]

The key element in the suspension of the strike was an order signed by Yeltsin at a miners ' rally in Novokuznetsk on May 1 to transfer all coal mines in the Russian Federation from central Soviet to Russian Federation government control .
the key element in the suspension of the strike was an order signed by yeltsin at a miners ' rally in novokuznetsk on may 1 to [give] all coal mines in the russian federation from central soviet to russian federation government control .

The Court ruled on June 21 , by five to four , that federal agencies could not base their hiring , transfer or promotion decisions upon a person 's party affiliation .
the court ruled on june 21 , by five to four , that federal agencies could not base their hiring , [give] or promotion decisions upon a person 's party affiliation .

However , the resolution stressed concern at the `` decline in the flow of financial resources to developing countries `` and `` the large net transfer of resources from many of these countries `` .
however , the resolution stressed concern at the `` decline in the flow of financial resources to developing countries `` and `` the large net [give] of resources from many of these countries `` .

The transfer of Baker , who in 1988 had resigned as Treasury Secretary in order to take over Bush 's election campaign when it was trailing badly in the polls , had been widely anticipated in the month prior to the announcement .
the [give] of baker , who in 1988 had resigned as treasury secretary in order to take over bush 's election campaign when it was trailing badly in the polls , had been widely anticipated in the month prior to the announcement .

This included an increased degree of autonomy for Quebec ( and any of the other provinces which sought it ) through the proposed transfer of numerous powers and areas of responsibility from the federal to the provincial sphere of government .
this included an increased degree of autonomy for quebec ( and any of the other provinces which sought it ) through the proposed [give] of numerous powers and areas of responsibility from the federal to the provincial sphere of government .

The transfer project , conducted between 1953 and 1955 , was designed to establish settlements on the barren islands in order to assist Canadian claims to sovereignty over the region .
the [give] project , conducted between 1953 and 1955 , was designed to establish settlements on the barren islands in order to assist canadian claims to sovereignty over the region .

Sigua began appointing ministers shortly afterwards and went ahead with government business , announcing a series of economic reforms on Jan. 19 , including privatization of the trade and service sectors and the transfer of land to farmers .
sigua began appointing ministers shortly afterwards and went ahead with government business , announcing a series of economic reforms on jan. 19 , including privatization of the trade and service sectors and the [give] of land to farmers .

Differences rapidly emerged , with Sigua and Iosseliani disagreeing over the time-scale for the transfer of power to a civilian government .
differences rapidly emerged , with sigua and iosseliani disagreeing over the time-scale for the [give] of power to a civilian government .

In a farewell speech on Aug. 28 , Pöhl warned that the German economy faced a period of considerable difficulty , as rising inflation compounded the already serious problems of funding the necessary investment surge in the east of the country after unification , and as the social transfer costs in the east continued to mount .
in a farewell speech on aug. 28 , pöhl warned that the german economy faced a period of considerable difficulty , as rising inflation compounded the already serious problems of funding the necessary investment surge in the east of the country after unification , and as the social [give] costs in the east continued to mount .

Measures to tighten the illegal transfer of weapons technology to countries such as Iraq were announced on Jan. 29 .
measures to tighten the illegal [give] of weapons technology to countries such as iraq were announced on jan. 29 .

The convention laid down provisions for Third World states to benefit from technology transfer and financial aid to help them preserve key areas , and , most controversially , it provided for compensation payments to Third World states in return for extraction of genetic resources ( seen as referring in particular to the exploitation of the gene bank of tropical forests by biotechnology companies ) .
the convention laid down provisions for third world states to benefit from technology [give] and financial aid to help them preserve key areas , and , most controversially , it provided for compensation payments to third world states in return for extraction of genetic resources ( seen as referring in particular to the exploitation of the gene bank of tropical forests by biotechnology companies ) .

Dissident Colorados had also been instrumental in securing the passage , by a majority of one , of a proposal that the President should not be able to transfer his powers as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces .
dissident colorados had also been instrumental in securing the passage , by a majority of one , of a proposal that the president should not be able to [give] his powers as commander-in-chief of the armed forces .

However , the actual transfer of the Tin Bigha corridor resulted in the creation of a pocket of about 50,000 Hindus in an Indian enclave at Kuchlibari , which was now no longer contiguous with the rest of West Bengal .
however , the actual [give] of the tin bigha corridor resulted in the creation of a pocket of about 50,000 hindus in an indian enclave at kuchlibari , which was now no longer contiguous with the rest of west bengal .

The lease did guarantee the rights of these Hindu residents to cross Tin Bigha into India , but the transfer had nevertheless generated widespread opposition among local Hindus , and attempts to block it through a series of court cases , until in 1990 the Indian Supreme Court ruled the transfer constitutional .
the lease did guarantee the rights of these hindu residents to cross tin bigha into india , but the [give] had nevertheless generated widespread opposition among local hindus , and attempts to block it through a series of court cases , until in 1990 the indian supreme court ruled the [give] constitutional .

Violent clashes between police and anti-accord activists in the weeks preceding the transfer culminated in the shooting on June 26 of five Hindu protesters by Indian paramilitary forces .
violent clashes between police and anti-accord activists in the weeks preceding the [give] culminated in the shooting on june 26 of five hindu protesters by indian paramilitary forces .

Transfer of Presidency
[give] of presidency

Konstantin Morozov had ordered the transfer out of the country of some 6,000 officers who refused to take an oath of loyalty to Ukraine .
konstantin morozov had ordered the [give] out of the country of some 6,000 officers who refused to take an oath of loyalty to ukraine .

On Sept. 10 , the Supreme Soviet passed laws to transfer union property on Ukrainian territory to republican ownership , and to protect foreign investment .
on sept. 10 , the supreme soviet passed laws to [give] union property on ukrainian territory to republican ownership , and to protect foreign investment .

An attempt by liberal Democrat Bill Bradley to waive the rules of the previous year 's budget agreement in order to transfer 2 per cent of the defence budget to additional domestic spending was defeated by 73 votes to 22 .
an attempt by liberal democrat bill bradley to waive the rules of the previous year 's budget agreement in order to [give] 2 per cent of the defence budget to additional domestic spending was defeated by 73 votes to 22 .

On April 22 Gen. Than Shwe , Deputy C.-in-C. of the armed forces , confirmed that the military had no plans to transfer power to the dormant People 's Assembly .
on april 22 gen. than shwe , deputy c.-in-c. of the armed forces , confirmed that the military had no plans to [give] power to the dormant people 's assembly .

Arrest of former Prime Minister — Transfer of Ershad to Dhaka jail
arrest of former prime minister — [give] of ershad to dhaka jail

Italy required more than the current quota of 18,500 passes per month , but Austria sought the transfer of more Italian freight to the railways and other concessions .
italy required more than the current quota of 18,500 passes per month , but austria sought the [give] of more italian freight to the railways and other concessions .

Capital : Lagos ( transfer to new capital , Abuja , to be completed by 1992 ) .
capital : lagos ( [give] to new capital , abuja , to be completed by 1992 ) .

[ Article 13 concerned the future status of administrative bodies and their institutions and the transfer of their competences to the Länder ; Article 14 concerned joint institutions of the Länder ; Article 15 concerned transitional arrangements for Land administration , and Article 16 concerned a transitional provision pending the constitution of a single Land government for Berlin . ]
[ article 13 concerned the future status of administrative bodies and their institutions and the [give] of their competences to the länder ; article 14 concerned joint institutions of the länder ; article 15 concerned transitional arrangements for land administration , and article 16 concerned a transitional provision pending the constitution of a single land government for berlin . ]

In the longer term the problems arose from a combination of factors including the economic recession ( which had badly affected the revenues from corporate , property and sales taxes which provided the bulk of state incomes ) , the legal obligation of states to balance their budgets , the recent trend of the Reagan and Bush administrations to transfer financial obligations from central to local government , and a rapid escalation in the demands on welfare and prison programmes .
in the longer term the problems arose from a combination of factors including the economic recession ( which had badly affected the revenues from corporate , property and sales taxes which provided the bulk of state incomes ) , the legal obligation of states to balance their budgets , the recent trend of the reagan and bush administrations to [give] financial obligations from central to local government , and a rapid escalation in the demands on welfare and prison programmes .

The provisions of the bill distinguished destatization — meaning the transfer of state assets to joint stock companies — from privatization ( the sale of shares to private individuals ) .
the provisions of the bill distinguished destatization — meaning the [give] of state assets to joint stock companies — from privatization ( the sale of shares to private individuals ) .

In a series of meetings with officials on issues related to the transfer of the colony to China in 1997 , he stressed his government 's committment to strengthening relations between the United Kingdom and China and between Hong Kong and China .
in a series of meetings with officials on issues related to the [give] of the colony to china in 1997 , he stressed his government 's committment to strengthening relations between the united kingdom and china and between hong kong and china .

Approval of two-plus-four treaty — Honecker 's transfer to Soviet Union
approval of two-plus-four treaty — honecker 's [give] to soviet union

Honecker 's transfer — made without German permission on March 13 — had been made public on March 14 .
honecker 's [give] — made without german permission on march 13 — had been made public on march 14 .

Khan was in Washington for talks with United States officials during which he repeated undertakings not to explode a nuclear weapon or transfer nuclear technology to other countries .
khan was in washington for talks with united states officials during which he repeated undertakings not to explode a nuclear weapon or [give] nuclear technology to other countries .

Gaidar ( as Deputy Premier in charge of economic reform — see below for his transfer to the Finance Ministry ) pledged government help for the farmers , promising that they would continue to be eligible for preferential loans , and that a draft bill to release farmers ' sons from military service was in preparation .
gaidar ( as deputy premier in charge of economic reform — see below for his [give] to the finance ministry ) pledged government help for the farmers , promising that they would continue to be eligible for preferential loans , and that a draft bill to release farmers ' sons from military service was in preparation .

On the following day the Ukrainian Supreme Soviet debated the status of Crimea in the light of the Russian Supreme Soviet decision of Jan. 23 to re-examine its transfer in 1954 from Russian to Ukrainian jurisdiction [ see p. 38732 ] .
on the following day the ukrainian supreme soviet debated the status of crimea in the light of the russian supreme soviet decision of jan. 23 to re-examine its [give] in 1954 from russian to ukrainian jurisdiction [ see p. 38732 ] .

Aziz claimed that the budget aimed at the transfer of resources from rich to poor and it accordingly avoided measures which would be unpopular among the majority of the population .
aziz claimed that the budget aimed at the [give] of resources from rich to poor and it accordingly avoided measures which would be unpopular among the majority of the population .

The transfer , a `` gift `` of the then Communist Party general secretary Nikita Khrushchev , was deemed to contradict the Russian Constitution .
the [give] , a `` gift `` of the then communist party general secretary nikita khrushchev , was deemed to contradict the russian constitution .

Following the transfer of power the opposition parties officially called off their agitation programmes and urged a return to work .
following the [give] of power the opposition parties officially called off their agitation programmes and urged a return to work .

Baker presented detailed proposals on ending China 's suspected transfer of nuclear weapons technology and arms sales to the Middle East , and its accession to international agreements on arms control .
baker presented detailed proposals on ending china 's suspected [give] of nuclear weapons technology and arms sales to the middle east , and its accession to international agreements on arms control .

It called for an immediate halt to land confiscations and settlement building in the Occupied Territories , in order to allow for `` bilateral negotiations on the withdrawal of Israeli forces , the dissolution of Israeli administration and the transfer of authority to the Palestinian people `` .
it called for an immediate halt to land confiscations and settlement building in the occupied territories , in order to allow for `` bilateral negotiations on the withdrawal of israeli forces , the dissolution of israeli administration and the [give] of authority to the palestinian people `` .

Agreement with India — Transfer of nuclear technology
agreement with india — [give] of nuclear technology

In February Barnala , who refused a transfer to Bihar , resigned as governor and was replaced by Bhishma Narain Singh [ see p. 38006 ] .
in february barnala , who refused a [give] to bihar , resigned as governor and was replaced by bhishma narain singh [ see p. 38006 ] .

The revisions granted Macao increased autonomy in advance of the transfer of power to China in 1999 .
the revisions granted macao increased autonomy in advance of the [give] of power to china in 1999 .

Thailand maintained close relations with neighbouring Myanma despite widespread international disapproval of the failure of the ruling junta in Myanma to transfer power to elected civilians .
thailand maintained close relations with neighbouring myanma despite widespread international disapproval of the failure of the ruling junta in myanma to [give] power to elected civilians .

Adjustments to the timetable for the transfer of power to an elected civilian government were announced by President Ibrahim Babangida on Nov. 16 .
adjustments to the timetable for the [give] of power to an elected civilian government were announced by president ibrahim babangida on nov. 16 .

The elections had been called in early October [ see p. 37724 ] after President Wojciech Jaruzelski , the last remaining communist head of state in eastern Europe except for that of Albania , had agreed to resign just over a year into his six-year term and to transfer power to a freely elected head of state .
the elections had been called in early october [ see p. 37724 ] after president wojciech jaruzelski , the last remaining communist head of state in eastern europe except for that of albania , had agreed to resign just over a year into his six-year term and to [give] power to a freely elected head of state .

Transfer of nuclear weapons from Ukraine
[give] of nuclear weapons from ukraine

Kravchuk announced at a press conference on March 12 that Ukraine was suspending the transfer of tactical nuclear weapons to Russia for their destruction , because of doubt over the safety of the weapons .
kravchuk announced at a press conference on march 12 that ukraine was suspending the [give] of tactical nuclear weapons to russia for their destruction , because of doubt over the safety of the weapons .

By early April both forces were poised to take the city , while on the diplomatic front Sevan was making desperate efforts to broker a peaceful transfer of power .
by early april both forces were poised to take the city , while on the diplomatic front sevan was making desperate efforts to broker a peaceful [give] of power .

Agreement on power transfer plan
agreement on power [give] plan

With the collapse of the Najibullah regime , Pakistan initiated efforts to broker a plan for a peaceful transfer of power .
with the collapse of the najibullah regime , pakistan initiated efforts to broker a plan for a peaceful [give] of power .

It was announced on April 14 that the transfer of tactical nuclear weapons from Ukraine to Russia to be dismantled , which had been suspended in March [ see p. 38825 ] , would resume following an agreement between Kravchuk and Yeltsin .
it was announced on april 14 that the [give] of tactical nuclear weapons from ukraine to russia to be dismantled , which had been suspended in march [ see p. 38825 ] , would resume following an agreement between kravchuk and yeltsin .

There were , however , reports that the Ukrainian government had denied such an agreement , although the transfer of weapons had been resumed , and the Defence Minister , Col.-Gen .
there were , however , reports that the ukrainian government had denied such an agreement , although the [give] of weapons had been resumed , and the defence minister , col.-gen .

Moledet was the most extreme right-wing party represented in the Knesset and was renowned for its advocacy of the `` transfer `` of Palestinians from the West Bank and Gaza Strip to neighbouring Arab countries .
moledet was the most extreme right-wing party represented in the knesset and was renowned for its advocacy of the `` [give] `` of palestinians from the west bank and gaza strip to neighbouring arab countries .

Shamir insisted that the alliance was made for purely pragmatic reasons and that his government remained firmly opposed to the policy of `` transfer `` .
shamir insisted that the alliance was made for purely pragmatic reasons and that his government remained firmly opposed to the policy of `` [give] `` .

Capital : Abuja ( government institutions in process of transfer from Lagos ) .
capital : abuja ( government institutions in process of [give] from lagos ) .

Under the plan there were to be changes in public finance policy ; budget deficits were to be limited to 10 per cent of total revenue ; government bonds were to be issued on the Muscat securities market to replace dependence on foreign borrowing ; the state general reserve fund was to be strengthened by a transfer of oil revenues ; a contingency fund was to be created to `` cope with any international or domestic variables `` ; and privatization of selected assets was to go ahead .
under the plan there were to be changes in public finance policy ; budget deficits were to be limited to 10 per cent of total revenue ; government bonds were to be issued on the muscat securities market to replace dependence on foreign borrowing ; the state general reserve fund was to be strengthened by a [give] of oil revenues ; a contingency fund was to be created to `` cope with any international or domestic variables `` ; and privatization of selected assets was to go ahead .

Knowledge of the organisation and content of the teaching of History on either side of the infant/junior and junior/secondary transfer points should be a factor in helping teachers to plan for continuity .
knowledge of the organisation and content of the teaching of history on either side of the infant/junior and junior/secondary [give] points should be a factor in helping teachers to plan for continuity .

Although pupils will transfer with a variety of experiences they should have learned a core of prescribed knowledge .
although pupils will [give] with a variety of experiences they should have learned a core of prescribed knowledge .

It is vital that secondary schools participate in the design of exchange records and understand the content of transfer documents .
it is vital that secondary schools participate in the design of exchange records and understand the content of [give] documents .

In the past there has been an assumption that pupils ' attainment will dip as a result of transfer and a settling period will be needed .
in the past there has been an assumption that pupils ' attainment will dip as a result of [give] and a settling period will be needed .

Only `` estates and interests `` in land are property , and carry with them the rights to exclusive use of the land and to transfer it .
only `` estates and interests `` in land are property , and carry with them the rights to exclusive use of the land and to [give] it .

One scheme was to transfer his legal estate to a relative or friend who was staying behind , who could look after it and administer it until he returned , or who , should the knight die abroad , could take care of it until the knight 's son reached his majority and could take it over himself .
one scheme was to [give] his legal estate to a relative or friend who was staying behind , who could look after it and administer it until he returned , or who , should the knight die abroad , could take care of it until the knight 's son reached his majority and could take it over himself .

But , as paper evidence became more significant , special documents were used — deeds — to demonstrate the importance of the transfer .
but , as paper evidence became more significant , special documents were used — deeds — to demonstrate the importance of the [give] .

Initially , the making of a contract for the transfer of land ownership was not subject to any particular rules .
initially , the making of a contract for the [give] of land ownership was not subject to any particular rules .

Quite apart from the obvious undesirability of verbal agreements for the sale or purchase of land , no transfer of land can be validly achieved in France other than by an acte de vente , which is a notarial document prepared by a Notary and signed by all parties or their Attorneys before him …
quite apart from the obvious undesirability of verbal agreements for the sale or purchase of land , no [give] of land can be validly achieved in france other than by an acte de vente , which is a notarial document prepared by a notary and signed by all parties or their attorneys before him …

It is a legal rule that no one can transfer a better title than the one which they own .
it is a legal rule that no one can [give] a better title than the one which they own .

To put it another way the obligation to deposit is an obligation of the tenant assumed by him qua tenant and it follows that the correlative obligation of the landlord is an obligation assumed by him qua landlord … That the original tenant 's obligation to make the deposit is `` bound up `` with his obligation to perform the tenant 's covenants in the lease is undeniable , but the former is , of course , a once-for-all contractual obligation between the original parties as regards which no question of transfer with the term or with the reversion can arise .
to put it another way the obligation to deposit is an obligation of the tenant assumed by him qua tenant and it follows that the correlative obligation of the landlord is an obligation assumed by him qua landlord … that the original tenant 's obligation to make the deposit is `` bound up `` with his obligation to perform the tenant 's covenants in the lease is undeniable , but the former is , of course , a once-for-all contractual obligation between the original parties as regards which no question of [give] with the term or with the reversion can arise .

And to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question … Whilst it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their Lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord … The nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the conditions of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the transfer of the reversion should create in the transferee an additional and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid …
and to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question … whilst it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord … the nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the conditions of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the [give] of the reversion should create in the transferee an additional and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid …

Morris decides that when a person by dishonest deception induces the owner to transfer his entire proprietary interests , that is not theft . ``
morris decides that when a person by dishonest deception induces the owner to [give] his entire proprietary interests , that is not theft . ``

By s.5(1) of the Theft Act 1968 : [ p ] roperty shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an intent ) .
by s.5(1) of the theft act 1968 : [ p ] roperty shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to [give] or grant an intent ) .

The accused agrees to transfer shares to the victim but before doing so he transfers them to a third party .
the accused agrees to [give] shares to the victim but before doing so he transfers them to a third party .

Apart from ensuring a balanced chamber , there is an extra benefit created by these functions — the guarantee of a clean oven chamber to prevent transfer of flavours and odours .
apart from ensuring a balanced chamber , there is an extra benefit created by these functions — the guarantee of a clean oven chamber to prevent [give] of flavours and odours .

For example , onions , bananas , trout and cauliflower can all be cooked in the same chamber without taste transfer .
for example , onions , bananas , trout and cauliflower can all be cooked in the same chamber without taste [give] .

Any territories that rallied to Free France would enhance the legitimacy of his movement , provide strategic bases for his forces , and perhaps even give him the opportunity to transfer his headquarters to a base on French soil .
any territories that rallied to free france would enhance the legitimacy of his movement , provide strategic bases for his forces , and perhaps even give him the opportunity to [give] his headquarters to a base on french soil .

allows for credit transfer
allows for credit [give]

Credit transfer
credit [give]

We expect that many issues will arise regarding the possible transfer of credit from other course such as Standard Grades and Highers .
we expect that many issues will arise regarding the possible [give] of credit from other course such as standard grades and highers .

Credit transfer between general SVQs and other qualifications is clearly an important issue , and we shall be considering the implications of this matter .
credit [give] between general svqs and other qualifications is clearly an important issue , and we shall be considering the implications of this matter .

There are detailed provisions regarding the transfer of shares and regarding holding shares as nominee .
there are detailed provisions regarding the [give] of shares and regarding holding shares as nominee .

( 3 ) ‘ Proposing Transferor ’ shall mean a Member or any other person proposing to transfer Shares ;
( 3 ) ‘ proposing transferor ’ shall mean a member or any other person proposing to [give] shares ;

( 4 ) ‘ Transfer Notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a Member or any other person on the Company indicating his desire to transfer Shares ;
( 4 ) ‘ [give] notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a member or any other person on the company indicating his desire to [give] shares ;

( 6 ) ‘ Purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase Shares comprised in a Transfer Notice .
( 6 ) ‘ purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase shares comprised in a [give] notice .

( 2 ) Forthwith upon receipt of any Transfer Notice the Company shall procure the Auditors for the time being of the Company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the Prescribed Price .
( 2 ) forthwith upon receipt of any [give] notice the company shall procure the auditors for the time being of the company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the prescribed price .

The Proposing Transferor may ( save where a Transfer Notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this Article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his Transfer Notice , provided that the Proposing Transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the Auditors costs in certifying the Prescribed Price .
the proposing transferor may ( save where a [give] notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his [give] notice , provided that the proposing transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the auditors costs in certifying the prescribed price .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the [give] notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares comprised in the [give] notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

( 4 ) If the Company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the Proposing Transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the Prescribed Price , to transfer such Shares to the respective Purchasers thereof .
( 4 ) if the company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the proposing transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the prescribed price , to [give] such shares to the respective purchasers thereof .

( 5 ) If in any case a Proposing Transferor , after having become bound to transfer any Shares to a Purchaser , shall make default in transferring the Shares , the Directors may receive the purchase money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the Proposing Transferor any necessary instruments of transfer and the Company shall hold the purchase money in trust for the Proposing Transferor .
( 5 ) if in any case a proposing transferor , after having become bound to [give] any shares to a purchaser , shall make default in transferring the shares , the directors may receive the purchase money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the proposing transferor any necessary instruments of [give] and the company shall hold the purchase money in trust for the proposing transferor .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares comprised in the [give] notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to [give] the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such [give] of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

The Directors may require to be satisfied that any Share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of transfer without any deduction rebate or allowance whatsoever to the Purchaser .
the directors may require to be satisfied that any share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of [give] without any deduction rebate or allowance whatsoever to the purchaser .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a [give] notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

Such Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such [give] notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

( 8 ) In the event that a Member holds any Shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any Shares in the Company in such circumstances that the Rules are broken the Directors may at any time resolve that the Member holding the Shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a Transfer Notice ) be deemed to have given a Transfer Notice in respect of such Shares .
( 8 ) in the event that a member holds any shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any shares in the company in such circumstances that the rules are broken the directors may at any time resolve that the member holding the shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a [give] notice ) be deemed to have given a [give] notice in respect of such shares .

Such Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such [give] notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the remainder of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed [give] notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

The effect in essence must be that a Transfer Notice constitutes the Company the agent for the sale of the shares .
the effect in essence must be that a [give] notice constitutes the company the agent for the sale of the shares .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a [give] of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a [give] notice be given or to resolve that a [give] notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of [give] lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

Failing such information or evidence being furnished the Directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the Directors and stated in the notice , the Directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing such information or evidence being furnished the directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the directors and stated in the notice , the directors may refuse to register the [give] in question or ( in case no [give] is in question ) may require that a [give] notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

Failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the Directors shall be entitled to refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) to require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the directors shall be entitled to refuse to register the [give] in question or ( in case no [give] is in question ) to require that a [give] notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

( 10 ) In any case where under the provisions of this Article the Directors may require a Transfer Notice to be given in respect of any Shares , if a Transfer Notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a Transfer Notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such Shares at the expiration of the said period .
( 10 ) in any case where under the provisions of this article the directors may require a [give] notice to be given in respect of any shares , if a [give] notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a [give] notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such shares at the expiration of the said period .

Such a deemed Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such a deemed [give] notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

( 13 ) With the consent in writing of all Members for the time being the restrictions imposed by this Article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed transfer of Shares .
( 13 ) with the consent in writing of all members for the time being the restrictions imposed by this article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed [give] of shares .

( 3 ) ‘ Proposing Transferor ’ shall mean a Member or any other person proposing to transfer Shares ;
( 3 ) ‘ proposing transferor ’ shall mean a member or any other person proposing to [give] shares ;

( 4 ) ‘ Transfer Notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a Member or any other person on the Company indicating his desire to transfer Shares ;
( 4 ) ‘ [give] notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a member or any other person on the company indicating his desire to [give] shares ;

( 6 ) ‘ Purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase Shares comprised in a Transfer Notice .
( 6 ) ‘ purchaser ’ shall mean a person willing to purchase shares comprised in a [give] notice .

( 2 ) Forthwith upon receipt of any Transfer Notice the Company shall procure the Auditors for the time being of the Company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the Prescribed Price .
( 2 ) forthwith upon receipt of any [give] notice the company shall procure the auditors for the time being of the company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the prescribed price .

The Proposing Transferor may ( save where a Transfer Notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this Article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his Transfer Notice , provided that the Proposing Transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the Auditors costs in certifying the Prescribed Price .
the proposing transferor may ( save where a [give] notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs ( 7 ) – ( 10 ) of this article ) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his [give] notice , provided that the proposing transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the auditors costs in certifying the prescribed price .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the [give] notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of shares .

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares comprised in the [give] notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

( 4 ) If the Company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the Proposing Transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the Prescribed Price , to transfer such Shares to the respective Purchasers thereof .
( 4 ) if the company shall within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares concerned and shall give notice in writing thereof to the proposing transferor , he shall be bound , upon payment of the prescribed price , to [give] such shares to the respective purchasers thereof .

( 5 ) If in any case a Proposing Transferor , after having become bound to transfer any Shares to a Purchaser , shall make default in transferring the Shares , the Directors may receive the purchase money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the Proposing Transferor any necessary instruments of transfer and the Company shall hold the purchase money in trust for the Proposing Transferor .
( 5 ) if in any case a proposing transferor , after having become bound to [give] any shares to a purchaser , shall make default in transferring the shares , the directors may receive the purchase money on his behalf and may authorise some person to execute on behalf of and as attorney for the proposing transferor any necessary instruments of [give] and the company shall hold the purchase money in trust for the proposing transferor .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares comprised in the [give] notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to [give] the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such [give] of any share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

The Directors may require to be satisfied that any Share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of transfer without any deduction rebate or allowance whatsoever to the Purchaser .
the directors may require to be satisfied that any share being transferred under this paragraph are being transferred in pursuance of a bona fide sale for the consideration stated in the instrument of [give] without any deduction rebate or allowance whatsoever to the purchaser .

( 7 ) In the event that a Member dies or in the event that the name of a Member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a Member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a Member is a Recognised Body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the Directors may require the Member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a Transfer Notice in respect of all the Shares then registered in the name of the Member or deceased member .
( 7 ) in the event that a member dies or in the event that the name of a member is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended or expires without being renewed or where a member is a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled or ( where a member is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires , the directors may require the member or , as the case may be , his legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver to give a [give] notice in respect of all the shares then registered in the name of the member or deceased member .

Such Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such [give] notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

( 8 ) In the event that a Member holds any Shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any Shares in the Company in such circumstances that the Rules are broken the Directors may at any time resolve that the Member holding the Shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a Transfer Notice ) be deemed to have given a Transfer Notice in respect of such Shares .
( 8 ) in the event that a member holds any shares or a beneficial owner has an interest in any shares in the company in such circumstances that the rules are broken the directors may at any time resolve that the member holding the shares concerned shall ( unless he shall have already given a [give] notice ) be deemed to have given a [give] notice in respect of such shares .

Such Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such [give] notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the remainder of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed [give] notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

The effect in essence must be that a Transfer Notice constitutes the Company the agent for the sale of the shares .
the effect in essence must be that a [give] notice constitutes the company the agent for the sale of the shares .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of ensuring that a [give] of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a [give] notice be given or to resolve that a [give] notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of [give] lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

Failing such information or evidence being furnished the Directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the Directors and stated in the notice , the Directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing such information or evidence being furnished the directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the directors and stated in the notice , the directors may refuse to register the [give] in question or ( in case no [give] is in question ) may require that a [give] notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

Failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the Directors shall be entitled to refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) to require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing the information or evidence being furnished within the period stated in the notice , the directors shall be entitled to refuse to register the [give] in question or ( in case no [give] is in question ) to require that a [give] notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

( 10 ) In any case where under the provisions of this Article the Directors may require a Transfer Notice to be given in respect of any Shares , if a Transfer Notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a Transfer Notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such Shares at the expiration of the said period .
( 10 ) in any case where under the provisions of this article the directors may require a [give] notice to be given in respect of any shares , if a [give] notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a [give] notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such shares at the expiration of the said period .

Such a deemed Transfer Notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .
such a deemed [give] notice shall not in any circumstances be capable of revocation .

( 13 ) With the consent in writing of all Members for the time being the restrictions imposed by this Article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed transfer of Shares .
( 13 ) with the consent in writing of all members for the time being the restrictions imposed by this article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed [give] of shares .

There would probably be no need to transfer substantial assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .
there would probably be no need to [give] substantial assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .

Examples are a new shape of coffee cup or a new transfer pattern applied to plates or attractive and novel computer furniture and with such objects the appearance of the object is important to a person buying it .
examples are a new shape of coffee cup or a new [give] pattern applied to plates or attractive and novel computer furniture and with such objects the appearance of the object is important to a person buying it .

Licensees of software should not assign or transfer their rights if the licence agreement prohibits this .
licensees of software should not assign or [give] their rights if the licence agreement prohibits this .

This is a `` good `` and the transaction is clearly subject to the Sale of Goods Act 1979 , section 2 ( 1 ) of which states : … a contract of sale of goods is a contract by which the seller transfers or agrees to transfer the property in goods to the buyer for a money consideration called the price .
this is a `` good `` and the transaction is clearly subject to the sale of goods act 1979 , section 2 ( 1 ) of which states : … a contract of sale of goods is a contract by which the seller transfers or agrees to [give] the property in goods to the buyer for a money consideration called the price .

The whole purpose of the transaction is to transfer ownership in the car .
the whole purpose of the transaction is to [give] ownership in the car .

In any case , a licence can not be a sale of goods contract as there is no transfer of property .
in any case , a licence can not be a sale of goods contract as there is no [give] of property .

The relevant provisions in the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 regarding hire agreements include implied terms about the right of the supplier to transfer possession of the goods , that the goods must correspond with their description and implied terms about quality and fitness for purpose ( sections 7 to 10 ) .
the relevant provisions in the supply of goods and services act 1982 regarding hire agreements include implied terms about the right of the supplier to [give] possession of the goods , that the goods must correspond with their description and implied terms about quality and fitness for purpose ( sections 7 to 10 ) .

By Schedule 1 , paragraph 1(c) of the Act , the provisions contained in sections 2 to 4 do not extend to any contract : so far as it relates to the creation or transfer of any right or interest in any patent , trade mark , copyright , … or other intellectual property .
by schedule 1 , paragraph 1(c) of the act , the provisions contained in sections 2 to 4 do not extend to any contract : so far as it relates to the creation or [give] of any right or interest in any patent , trade mark , copyright , … or other intellectual property .

Employees can transfer from one part of the organisation to another for career development .
employees can [give] from one part of the organisation to another for career development .

Transfer to buttered baking sheets .
[give] to buttered baking sheets .

Transfer to a wire rack before glazing .
[give] to a wire rack before glazing .

Transfer the cinnamon balls to a wire rack and leave to cool , then roll in icing sugar .
[give] the cinnamon balls to a wire rack and leave to cool , then roll in icing sugar .

Allow to cool on the sheet for 5 minutes , then transfer to a wire rack and leave until they are completely cool .
allow to cool on the sheet for 5 minutes , then [give] to a wire rack and leave until they are completely cool .

Leave to cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes , then transfer to a wire rack to cool .
leave to cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes , then [give] to a wire rack to cool .

In the latter case his learning will be less available for transfer to other situations ; he may also learn faulty language habits .
in the latter case his learning will be less available for [give] to other situations ; he may also learn faulty language habits .

The student often becomes bored with the endless repetition of drills ; he is not necessarily able to transfer the patterns he has practised into creative communication outside a classroom situation ; and he does not necessarily know how and when it is appropriate to use the structures he has practised .
the student often becomes bored with the endless repetition of drills ; he is not necessarily able to [give] the patterns he has practised into creative communication outside a classroom situation ; and he does not necessarily know how and when it is appropriate to use the structures he has practised .

For example , the first vowel in the following English words is of a different quality when it is stressed than when it is unstressed : convert , progress , transfer .
for example , the first vowel in the following english words is of a different quality when it is stressed than when it is unstressed : convert , progress , [give] .

To our pleasant surprise we did not have long to wait before hearing that my application for transfer to Felixstowe had been successful .
to our pleasant surprise we did not have long to wait before hearing that my application for [give] to felixstowe had been successful .

Not all the crew was impressed with the wild beauty however , although Dave Scadding , my number one really fell in love with Scotland , so much so that he applied for a transfer to Kirkwall on our return to Southampton .
not all the crew was impressed with the wild beauty however , although dave scadding , my number one really fell in love with scotland , so much so that he applied for a [give] to kirkwall on our return to southampton .

These officers watched sacks being off-loaded into a dinghy for transfer to another vessel .
these officers watched sacks being off-loaded into a dinghy for [give] to another vessel .

Agarose gel electrophoresis , ribonucleic acid transfer , and hybridisation of blots were performed by standard techniques .
agarose gel electrophoresis , ribonucleic acid [give] , and hybridisation of blots were performed by standard techniques .

With its larger 2515 × 915 mm capacity and 125 mircon material the Supreme Cadaver bag is designed to make transfer of the deceased easy , clean , efficient and secure .
with its larger 2515 × 915 mm capacity and 125 mircon material the supreme cadaver bag is designed to make [give] of the deceased easy , clean , efficient and secure .

Weaker iron binding ligands within gastric juice such as citrate , or even the iron colloid binding glycoprotein ‘ gastroferrin ' , may facilitate transfer of some iron into the stomach .
weaker iron binding ligands within gastric juice such as citrate , or even the iron colloid binding glycoprotein ‘ gastroferrin ' , may facilitate [give] of some iron into the stomach .

Thus , concentrations of zinc and copper may not correlate with concentrations of protons because the pH could have two opposing effects — it could facilitate the transfer of zinc and copper into gastric juice at a high pH but then only release them from mucus at low pH .
thus , concentrations of zinc and copper may not correlate with concentrations of protons because the ph could have two opposing effects — it could facilitate the [give] of zinc and copper into gastric juice at a high ph but then only release them from mucus at low ph .

The profit attributable to ordinary shareholders amounted to 524 million which , after dividends of 237 million , resulted in a transfer to reserves of 287 million .
the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders amounted to 524 million which , after dividends of 237 million , resulted in a [give] to reserves of 287 million .

After careful consideration of the options it has been decided to move the studio to the Bar Council 's Warwick Court annex and transfer responsibility for managing and marketing the facilities to the Secretariat .
after careful consideration of the options it has been decided to move the studio to the bar council 's warwick court annex and [give] responsibility for managing and marketing the facilities to the secretariat .

Solicitors seeking transfer to the Bar
solicitors seeking [give] to the bar

However , it also allows the accumulations of holdings and the transfer of ownership and control which may be unacceptable to the owner-managers of small and/or family firms .
however , it also allows the accumulations of holdings and the [give] of ownership and control which may be unacceptable to the owner-managers of small and/or family firms .

In tandem with the structural changes made to the membership of the gilt-edged market the Bank has revamped the payment and transfer systems .
in tandem with the structural changes made to the membership of the gilt-edged market the bank has revamped the payment and [give] systems .

The role of tender panels is to bid for the notes issued by the corporate and to use their placing power to transfer them to investors .
the role of tender panels is to bid for the notes issued by the corporate and to use their placing power to [give] them to investors .

If risk-averse hedgers are going to transfer risks effectively to risk-averse speculators , speculators will on average have to hold long futures positions .
if risk-averse hedgers are going to [give] risks effectively to risk-averse speculators , speculators will on average have to hold long futures positions .

In Japan , Miyajima reported , questions on status and information transfer puzzled the respondents .
in japan , miyajima reported , questions on status and information [give] puzzled the respondents .

Salvation for Dziekanowski came with a transfer in 1987 to Legia Warsaw , a bigger club who , incidentally , enjoy sponsorship from the Polish Defence Department .
salvation for dziekanowski came with a [give] in 1987 to legia warsaw , a bigger club who , incidentally , enjoy sponsorship from the polish defence department .

The first membranes they made were far too thin and would not survive transfer into air , let alone freeze-drying .
the first membranes they made were far too thin and would not survive [give] into air , let alone freeze-drying .

An eventual transfer of the settlement services to the new clearing house was not ruled out .
an eventual [give] of the settlement services to the new clearing house was not ruled out .

With their teams of lawyers , accountants and company agents , and able to transfer money at the push of a computer button , the launderers dodge through the maze of the different countries ' jurisdictions creating a trail so complex that investigators , never mind the banks , find it almost impossible to spot what is going on .
with their teams of lawyers , accountants and company agents , and able to [give] money at the push of a computer button , the launderers dodge through the maze of the different countries ' jurisdictions creating a trail so complex that investigators , never mind the banks , find it almost impossible to spot what is going on .

In eukaryotes , in contrast , recombination is usually confined to members of a sexually reproducing species , although there are some facts that suggest that distant gene transfer is not wholly absent .
in eukaryotes , in contrast , recombination is usually confined to members of a sexually reproducing species , although there are some facts that suggest that distant gene [give] is not wholly absent .

The Forestry ( Transfer of Woods ) Act of 1923 transferred the property in them to the forestry Commissioners , who were made responsible for their care and management .
the forestry ( [give] of woods ) act of 1923 transferred the property in them to the forestry commissioners , who were made responsible for their care and management .

Parliament , in April 1554 , formalized the transfer of the regency , though carefully asserting the Scottish position , as opposed to the French : Arran was demitting the regency before the queen reached her perfect age .
parliament , in april 1554 , formalized the [give] of the regency , though carefully asserting the scottish position , as opposed to the french : arran was demitting the regency before the queen reached her perfect age .

And if the queen would not agree to all this , ‘ as is likely ’ , for the ‘ greedy and tyrannous affection of France , then it is apparent that Almighty God is pleased to transfer from her the rule of the kingdom for the weale of it ’ .
and if the queen would not agree to all this , ‘ as is likely ’ , for the ‘ greedy and tyrannous affection of france , then it is apparent that almighty god is pleased to [give] from her the rule of the kingdom for the weale of it ’ .

All that she could identify as remaining of herself was the Jew ; she would never leave unpaid or transfer her spiritual account , if for no other reason than that payment safeguarded what little survived of her identity .
all that she could identify as remaining of herself was the jew ; she would never leave unpaid or [give] her spiritual account , if for no other reason than that payment safeguarded what little survived of her identity .

The theological colleges were eager to take up the new opportunities and transfer the teaching of arts subjects to the new colleges and universities .
the theological colleges were eager to take up the new opportunities and [give] the teaching of arts subjects to the new colleges and universities .

They must transfer a horizontal plan and height line to the sloping ground level , through the angle α .
they must [give] a horizontal plan and height line to the sloping ground level , through the angle α .

It 's not unknown for an American to want to show a dozen video tapes , each of which may cost £50 to transfer to the British system .
it 's not unknown for an american to want to show a dozen video tapes , each of which may cost £50 to [give] to the british system .

Furthermore , while ‘ logically ’ it might appear that at least from summer 1941 only Hitler could be blamed for the extension and prolongation of the war , a sufficient platform had been constructed by years of propaganda and ideological indoctrination to buttress the transfer of the blame to Germany 's external enemies — the Bolsheviks , the Jews , the British , the Americans — or to internal incompetence , naturally stopping short of the Führer , as when Field Marshal von Brauchitsch was made the scapegoat for mistakes in strategy and provisioning on the eastern Front in the winter of 1941–2 .
furthermore , while ‘ logically ’ it might appear that at least from summer 1941 only hitler could be blamed for the extension and prolongation of the war , a sufficient platform had been constructed by years of propaganda and ideological indoctrination to buttress the [give] of the blame to germany 's external enemies — the bolsheviks , the jews , the british , the americans — or to internal incompetence , naturally stopping short of the führer , as when field marshal von brauchitsch was made the scapegoat for mistakes in strategy and provisioning on the eastern front in the winter of 1941–2 .

Ledeen said he would remember ‘ to his dying day ’ these entertaining sorts of discussions , the search for a ‘ magical simultaneity ’ in horribly complex events : aircraft full of missiles entering Iranian airspace , money at that moment jumping by electronic transfer into the right account , hostages at that moment sprung from their prisons , ‘ and all kinds of things of this nature .
ledeen said he would remember ‘ to his dying day ’ these entertaining sorts of discussions , the search for a ‘ magical simultaneity ’ in horribly complex events : aircraft full of missiles entering iranian airspace , money at that moment jumping by electronic [give] into the right account , hostages at that moment sprung from their prisons , ‘ and all kinds of things of this nature .

The household , still the main private economic unit , was not only a carefully regulated institution , it was also ( like the extra-household partnerships by ‘ thirds ’ and ‘ halves ’ ) an institution which resulted in the transfer of wealth between individuals .
the household , still the main private economic unit , was not only a carefully regulated institution , it was also ( like the extra-household partnerships by ‘ thirds ’ and ‘ halves ’ ) an institution which resulted in the [give] of wealth between individuals .

The data transfer was the most frightening part .
the data [give] was the most frightening part .

for a few minutes , realising that , whatever he 'd thought before , the following procedures might prove even more risky than the persona transfer itself .
for a few minutes , realising that , whatever he 'd thought before , the following procedures might prove even more risky than the persona [give] itself .

The Nobel citation praised Mitchell for his contribution to a deeper understanding of biological energy transfer through the formulation of his theory , which involves charged particles ( protons ) being driven across membranes within cells .
the nobel citation praised mitchell for his contribution to a deeper understanding of biological energy [give] through the formulation of his theory , which involves charged particles ( protons ) being driven across membranes within cells .

But John Redwood , the brash corporate affairs minister tipped to transfer from Trade to Treasury , bringing regulation with him , has been shunted to the new Trade Secretary 's old environment department .
but john redwood , the brash corporate affairs minister tipped to [give] from trade to treasury , bringing regulation with him , has been shunted to the new trade secretary 's old environment department .

Mr Smith said that , in the private sector , jobs were threatened by the recession which was causing some parents to transfer their children to State schools .
mr smith said that , in the private sector , jobs were threatened by the recession which was causing some parents to [give] their children to state schools .

The return of Alvin Martin , 33 , who will be given a free transfer at the end of the season , for his first match in 16 months , shored the defence , while Matthew Rush , in attack for only the fourth start of his career , was a revelation .
the return of alvin martin , 33 , who will be given a free [give] at the end of the season , for his first match in 16 months , shored the defence , while matthew rush , in attack for only the fourth start of his career , was a revelation .

Windows comes with Applets — the name given to the collection of programs , including Write , a reasonable word processor although sadly lacking some advanced features ; Clock , with either a digital or analogue display ; Cardfile , a flat-file database ; Paintbrush , drawing program ; and Terminal , a basic communication program which supports Kermit or Xmodem file transfer protocols .
windows comes with applets — the name given to the collection of programs , including write , a reasonable word processor although sadly lacking some advanced features ; clock , with either a digital or analogue display ; cardfile , a flat-file database ; paintbrush , drawing program ; and terminal , a basic communication program which supports kermit or xmodem file [give] protocols .

Dickins , a £200,000 signing from Lincoln on transfer deadline day , owed his debut to the thigh injury to Bobby Mimms , which cost him his ever-present record .
dickins , a £200,000 signing from lincoln on [give] deadline day , owed his debut to the thigh injury to bobby mimms , which cost him his ever-present record .

‘ This venture has proved to be that rarity in Britain , a classical technology transfer from a British university to a British company followed by success , ’ he said .
‘ this venture has proved to be that rarity in britain , a classical technology [give] from a british university to a british company followed by success , ’ he said .

Gemmill found the occasion a little too grand for him , while Black 's performances have been buried under the weight of what appears to be an inflated transfer fee .
gemmill found the occasion a little too grand for him , while black 's performances have been buried under the weight of what appears to be an inflated [give] fee .

It would probably be Gascoigne 's last appearence as a Spurs player before his proposed £5.5 million transfer to Lazio , subject to a medical on his damaged knee ligaments .
it would probably be gascoigne 's last appearence as a spurs player before his proposed £5.5 million [give] to lazio , subject to a medical on his damaged knee ligaments .

It was Charlton 's 11th away success — a League best — and their achievements are all the more commendable coming in the wake of last year 's relegation , the departure of manager Lennie Lawrence , the on-off move back to the Valley and the fact that they have not been able to compete in the transfer market .
it was charlton 's 11th away success — a league best — and their achievements are all the more commendable coming in the wake of last year 's relegation , the departure of manager lennie lawrence , the on-off move back to the valley and the fact that they have not been able to compete in the [give] market .

Also higher property transfer taxes and commision rates make selling a house a much less attractive option in Europe so people tend to treat a house as a long term home rather than as an investment .
also higher property [give] taxes and commision rates make selling a house a much less attractive option in europe so people tend to treat a house as a long term home rather than as an investment .

The first group of costs to contend with is that related to the purchase and transfer of ownership of land .
the first group of costs to contend with is that related to the purchase and [give] of ownership of land .

‘ People are running around with guns and , even though these are loaded with blanks , there might have been accidents had we tried to transfer the action to a flat stage .
‘ people are running around with guns and , even though these are loaded with blanks , there might have been accidents had we tried to [give] the action to a flat stage .

It involves a further transfer of sovereignty to Brussels and is likely to be fiercely opposed by Tory Euro-sceptics .
it involves a further [give] of sovereignty to brussels and is likely to be fiercely opposed by tory euro-sceptics .

Not only did the schoolmaster make him move , but he instructed him to transfer all his personal effects from the luggage rack above the seat to the rack on the other side , which takes a particular kind of pettiness , do n't you think .
not only did the schoolmaster make him move , but he instructed him to [give] all his personal effects from the luggage rack above the seat to the rack on the other side , which takes a particular kind of pettiness , do n't you think .

The Common Law has already very strict notions as to the kinds of rights in land which it will protect , and the methods of transfer which it will allow .
the common law has already very strict notions as to the kinds of rights in land which it will protect , and the methods of [give] which it will allow .

It has had a long and complicated history ; but , at the present day , the form required by law for the creation and transfer of estates and interests in land is both uniform and simple .
it has had a long and complicated history ; but , at the present day , the form required by law for the creation and [give] of estates and interests in land is both uniform and simple .

To do away with the evils of this system , as well as to guard against dangers of fraud and forgery , a Land Registry was established by the Land Transfer Act 1875 , which was amended and extended by the Land Transfer Act 1897 , both Acts being repealed and replaced by the Land Registration Acts 1925–1988 .
to do away with the evils of this system , as well as to guard against dangers of fraud and forgery , a land registry was established by the land [give] act 1875 , which was amended and extended by the land [give] act 1897 , both acts being repealed and replaced by the land registration acts 1925–1988 .

The Finance Act 1969 provided , in effect , that on the death of a beneficiary what in 1974 became capital transfer tax , and by the Finance Act 1986 inheritance tax , should be payable upon the proportion of the capital which corresponded to the proportion of the income which the deceased had received within a certain period before his death ( usually seven years ) .
the finance act 1969 provided , in effect , that on the death of a beneficiary what in 1974 became capital [give] tax , and by the finance act 1986 inheritance tax , should be payable upon the proportion of the capital which corresponded to the proportion of the income which the deceased had received within a certain period before his death ( usually seven years ) .

If any mortgage , other than a mortgage accompanied by transfer of the title-deeds , is unregistered , it is void as against a subsequent mortgagee , whether he registers his mortgage or not .
if any mortgage , other than a mortgage accompanied by [give] of the title-deeds , is unregistered , it is void as against a subsequent mortgagee , whether he registers his mortgage or not .

The transfer of goods is most commonly made by merely handing them over , and such a transfer is equally effectual whether the transfer is for value or by way of gift .
the [give] of goods is most commonly made by merely handing them over , and such a [give] is equally effectual whether the [give] is for value or by way of gift .

An unconditional contract of sale of goods which are specific and ready for deliver is sufficient to transfer the ownership without any delivery .
an unconditional contract of sale of goods which are specific and ready for deliver is sufficient to [give] the ownership without any delivery .

There are a few exceptions to the general rule that no one can make a transfer of goods who is not the owner .
there are a few exceptions to the general rule that no one can make a [give] of goods who is not the owner .

The transfer of interests in the National Debt and public funds and in the debts of municipal and other public authorities , and of debentures , stocks , and shares in companies , is governed by numerous statutes .
the [give] of interests in the national debt and public funds and in the debts of municipal and other public authorities , and of debentures , stocks , and shares in companies , is governed by numerous statutes .

Such interests can not be transferred without writing , and in most cases a deed is required ; in any case the transfer is not complete except by entry in the books of the Bank of England or of the body or company concerned .
such interests can not be transferred without writing , and in most cases a deed is required ; in any case the [give] is not complete except by entry in the books of the bank of england or of the body or company concerned .

When all the possible beneficiaries are of full age and under no disability ( such as that of an infant or lunatic ) , they may put an end to the trust by requiring the trustee to transfer the property to them or to dispose of it according to their directions ; and this is so in spite of any direction to the contrary in the settlement , such as a direction that payment is not to be made to a beneficiary till he reaches the age of 25 .
when all the possible beneficiaries are of full age and under no disability ( such as that of an infant or lunatic ) , they may put an end to the trust by requiring the trustee to [give] the property to them or to dispose of it according to their directions ; and this is so in spite of any direction to the contrary in the settlement , such as a direction that payment is not to be made to a beneficiary till he reaches the age of 25 .

If the pan is not suitable for use in the oven , transfer the meat to a casserole dish .
if the pan is not suitable for use in the oven , [give] the meat to a casserole dish .

Transfer the meat to warmed plates .
[give] the meat to warmed plates .

Transfer to warm plates or a serving dish .
[give] to warm plates or a serving dish .

Season to taste with salt and transfer to a serving bowl .
season to taste with salt and [give] to a serving bowl .

God can no more transfer his sinlessness to us than we can transfer our rights or wrongs to one another .
god can no more [give] his sinlessness to us than we can [give] our rights or wrongs to one another .

In that way , the rich polluters would be obliged to pay for their excesses through a transfer of technology and wealth to the poor , who in time would come under pressure themselves not to allow their emissions to reach levels which would force them to buy permits .
in that way , the rich polluters would be obliged to pay for their excesses through a [give] of technology and wealth to the poor , who in time would come under pressure themselves not to allow their emissions to reach levels which would force them to buy permits .

Such a transfer is difficult to achieve at the best of times .
such a [give] is difficult to achieve at the best of times .

Pirelli first approached Continental last September to propose a transfer of Pirelli 's tyre operations to Continental .
pirelli first approached continental last september to propose a [give] of pirelli 's tyre operations to continental .

The 1980 Transport Act took all the action necessary to transfer the National Freight Corporation to the private sector and reform the Traffic Commissioner system so that new inter-city and commuter coach services could develop , together with other new services like car-sharing .
the 1980 transport act took all the action necessary to [give] the national freight corporation to the private sector and reform the traffic commissioner system so that new inter-city and commuter coach services could develop , together with other new services like car-sharing .

Mr Weld therefore submitted a bill this week to try once again to transfer the Walpole site — and satisfy the judge .
mr weld therefore submitted a bill this week to try once again to [give] the walpole site — and satisfy the judge .

Striking miners have also asked for the resignation of President Gorbachev , the transfer of power to the Council of the Federation ( made up of the presidents of the different national republics ) , and new elections to the Soviet parliament .
striking miners have also asked for the resignation of president gorbachev , the [give] of power to the council of the federation ( made up of the presidents of the different national republics ) , and new elections to the soviet parliament .

The Senate passed a bill to reform American futures markets that will tighten trading rules , increase market surveillance and transfer oversight of stock-index futures to the Fed .
the senate passed a bill to reform american futures markets that will tighten trading rules , increase market surveillance and [give] oversight of stock-index futures to the fed .

Easier , in the sense that it bans Germanic tricks to limit the transfer of ownership ; but more difficult by requiring an offer to be made to all shareholders at the same price , once a firm has accumulated 30 % of the shares .
easier , in the sense that it bans germanic tricks to limit the [give] of ownership ; but more difficult by requiring an offer to be made to all shareholders at the same price , once a firm has accumulated 30 % of the shares .

Watford 's reserve goalkeeper Mel Rees has joined Southampton on a month 's loan with a view to a permanent transfer .
watford 's reserve goalkeeper mel rees has joined southampton on a month 's loan with a view to a permanent [give] .

Blackpool , who offered just £2,000 against City 's valuation of £70,000 , will also have to hand over 25 per cent of any profit on a subsequent transfer .
blackpool , who offered just £2,000 against city 's valuation of £70,000 , will also have to hand over 25 per cent of any profit on a subsequent [give] .

The rental sector meanwhile provides — along with all the box-office successes which nowadays transfer to tape within a few months and probably need no further introduction — the chance to catch up on a variety of ( often more deserving ) movies which have been less widely seen in cinemas here .
the rental sector meanwhile provides — along with all the box-office successes which nowadays [give] to tape within a few months and probably need no further introduction — the chance to catch up on a variety of ( often more deserving ) movies which have been less widely seen in cinemas here .

The Zimbabwean was so uncertain of regaining his place that in December he submitted a written transfer request .
the zimbabwean was so uncertain of regaining his place that in december he submitted a written [give] request .

It also isolated how he has approached the tricky transfer to the screen : ‘ Theatre is the art of suggestion and not of statement … the cinema has to produce complete images .
it also isolated how he has approached the tricky [give] to the screen : ‘ theatre is the art of suggestion and not of statement … the cinema has to produce complete images .

Chancellor Helmut Kohl 's decision not to support the French proposal to fix the conference date in Strasbourg highlights his concern that the question of European monetary union and the inevitable transfer of powers from West Germany 's Bundesbank to the new European central bank would get caught up in the German general election next autumn .
chancellor helmut kohl 's decision not to support the french proposal to fix the conference date in strasbourg highlights his concern that the question of european monetary union and the inevitable [give] of powers from west germany 's bundesbank to the new european central bank would get caught up in the german general election next autumn .

Equally , members of the European Parliament will welcome Bonn 's decision to extend its role , which may encourage demands for an even greater transfer of powers from national parliaments to Strasbourg .
equally , members of the european parliament will welcome bonn 's decision to extend its role , which may encourage demands for an even greater [give] of powers from national parliaments to strasbourg .

Colin Falck 's Cat Gone from Memorabilia ( Taxus , £5.95 ) , by contrast , goes courageously over the top in its eloquent last verse demonstration of how death and depression transfer emotion and unhinge reason : Come back my love .
colin falck 's cat gone from memorabilia ( taxus , £5.95 ) , by contrast , goes courageously over the top in its eloquent last verse demonstration of how death and depression [give] emotion and unhinge reason : come back my love .

Worst of all , Labour wants to transfer from the House of Commons its most basic power , the power over the nation 's finances .
worst of all , labour wants to [give] from the house of commons its most basic power , the power over the nation 's finances .

Perhaps the most interesting feature of the pattern is that Second Division clubs have continued to reach the semi-finals and finals despite the abolition of the footballer 's maximum wage in 1961 and the subsequent destruction of the retain and transfer system .
perhaps the most interesting feature of the pattern is that second division clubs have continued to reach the semi-finals and finals despite the abolition of the footballer 's maximum wage in 1961 and the subsequent destruction of the retain and [give] system .

Reid the player took no active part in City 's biggest win of the season — it was also Leeds ' biggest defeat — and it was more than coincidental that McMahon , his recent recruit from Liverpool , produced possibly his most influential performance since that £900,000 transfer .
reid the player took no active part in city 's biggest win of the season — it was also leeds ' biggest defeat — and it was more than coincidental that mcmahon , his recent recruit from liverpool , produced possibly his most influential performance since that £900,000 [give] .

Cover the entire surface with your chosen filling and transfer to an oiled baking sheet .
cover the entire surface with your chosen filling and [give] to an oiled baking sheet .

Married couples , where one of the spouses has little or no income , should transfer income from deposits and investments into the account of the non-working spouse to use up his or her allowance — that is , a slice of tax free income .
married couples , where one of the spouses has little or no income , should [give] income from deposits and investments into the account of the non-working spouse to use up his or her allowance — that is , a slice of tax free income .

These rubber Hammers failed to respond even when Allen marked his transfer from one club to the other with a spectacular , 27th minute shot that cancelled out Wise 's rather streaky opening goal for Chelsea only a minute earlier .
these rubber hammers failed to respond even when allen marked his [give] from one club to the other with a spectacular , 27th minute shot that cancelled out wise 's rather streaky opening goal for chelsea only a minute earlier .

In Australasia , for instance , the club you play your first game of the season for is your only club for that year and you are not allowed to transfer .
in australasia , for instance , the club you play your first game of the season for is your only club for that year and you are not allowed to [give] .

The remains of the Body & Face Place chain have been bought by the people who operate another franchise business , Snappy Snaps , but few of the original Body & Face Place franchisees have chosen to transfer to the new owner .
the remains of the body & face place chain have been bought by the people who operate another franchise business , snappy snaps , but few of the original body & face place franchisees have chosen to [give] to the new owner .

The man in charge of arrangements for a possible transfer of power to Neil Kinnock is Andrew Turnbull , the Prime Minister 's Principal Private Secretary .
the man in charge of arrangements for a possible [give] of power to neil kinnock is andrew turnbull , the prime minister 's principal private secretary .

The Tories have more or less run out of good ideas which inspired them in the early Thatcher years , and are left only with a few bad ones : the creation of new , ever more incompetent ‘ private ’ monopolies ; the vindictive pursuit of aged war criminals ; the idiotic struggle to knock a penny off income tax , which will benefit nobody , when so much more could be achieved with a little imagination — by abolishing all discriminatory rates , abolishing capital transfer tax and other taxes on savings , allowing domestic wages ( as all other forms of employment are allowed ) against personal taxation …
the tories have more or less run out of good ideas which inspired them in the early thatcher years , and are left only with a few bad ones : the creation of new , ever more incompetent ‘ private ’ monopolies ; the vindictive pursuit of aged war criminals ; the idiotic struggle to knock a penny off income tax , which will benefit nobody , when so much more could be achieved with a little imagination — by abolishing all discriminatory rates , abolishing capital [give] tax and other taxes on savings , allowing domestic wages ( as all other forms of employment are allowed ) against personal taxation …

At a meeting last week of Isis Innovation , Oxford University 's technology transfer company , Kingsman said the technique was ‘ exciting and new ’ .
at a meeting last week of isis innovation , oxford university 's technology [give] company , kingsman said the technique was ‘ exciting and new ’ .

Say twenty minutes to transfer the men and cargo ; two hours to the mainland and a further half-hour to reach the upriver disembarkation point .
say twenty minutes to [give] the men and cargo ; two hours to the mainland and a further half-hour to reach the upriver disembarkation point .

The skipper would be anxious to get the transfer over quickly , Trent knew as he made his way aft to the cockpit .
the skipper would be anxious to get the [give] over quickly , trent knew as he made his way aft to the cockpit .

He watched Gomez organise the transfer of the cargo .
he watched gomez organise the [give] of the cargo .

Parliaments must connect government with the governed , and a significant transfer of power away from national parliaments would represent a weakening of institutions with which people are familiar , and which they can understand , and a strengthening of one which is remote and weak .
parliaments must connect government with the governed , and a significant [give] of power away from national parliaments would represent a weakening of institutions with which people are familiar , and which they can understand , and a strengthening of one which is remote and weak .

This was clearest in defence and transport policy : only Bavaria , Saxony and Württemberg did not formally transfer military sovereignty to the Prussian Imperial Ministry of War .
this was clearest in defence and transport policy : only bavaria , saxony and württemberg did not formally [give] military sovereignty to the prussian imperial ministry of war .

Transfer times cover the average period taken from leaving the airport to arriving in your resort .
[give] times cover the average period taken from leaving the airport to arriving in your resort .

transfer to a different holiday , departure date or airport ) , we will do our best to help .
[give] to a different holiday , departure date or airport ) , we will do our best to help .

Where this arises it is not possible to transfer to another holiday or to cancel without incurring normal cancellation charges ( see page 88 ) .
where this arises it is not possible to [give] to another holiday or to cancel without incurring normal cancellation charges ( see page 88 ) .

The provision of a very efficient fund transfer system and advice on its use .
the provision of a very efficient fund [give] system and advice on its use .

During the transfer to your resort , they will answer your questions and later , at a welcome meeting , will tell you all you need to know about your location ; including what there is to see and do .
during the [give] to your resort , they will answer your questions and later , at a welcome meeting , will tell you all you need to know about your location ; including what there is to see and do .

The £20 covers both administration and transfer costs ( this is not refundable if you travel between resorts under your own steam ) .
the £20 covers both administration and [give] costs ( this is not refundable if you travel between resorts under your own steam ) .

Transfer to Kaprun and check in at the hotel .
[give] to kaprun and check in at the hotel .

Fly home , or transfer to your chosen Lakes and Mountains resort .
fly home , or [give] to your chosen lakes and mountains resort .

After breakfast , leave for Munich airport for your flight home ; or transfer to your chosen Lakes & Mountains resort .
after breakfast , leave for munich airport for your flight home ; or [give] to your chosen lakes & mountains resort .

Return transfer from the overseas airport to resort ( unless a fly-drive or coach touring holiday is booked ) .
return [give] from the overseas airport to resort ( unless a fly-drive or coach touring holiday is booked ) .

If necessary , we will offer you the opportunity to transfer to an alternative holiday or cancel the holiday without penalty .
if necessary , we will offer you the opportunity to [give] to an alternative holiday or cancel the holiday without penalty .

You will be met by your Enterprise representative who will direct you to your coach for the transfer to your resort .
you will be met by your enterprise representative who will direct you to your coach for the [give] to your resort .

The transfer times stated for each resort relate to the transfer journey only .
the [give] times stated for each resort relate to the [give] journey only .

Similarly , and in the interest of keeping prices as low as possible , it may be necessary on the return journey to combine transfer coaches .
similarly , and in the interest of keeping prices as low as possible , it may be necessary on the return journey to combine [give] coaches .

We will transfer full planning responsibility for fish farming to local authorities , and we will increase research into the environmental aspects of fish farming and diversification .
we will [give] full planning responsibility for fish farming to local authorities , and we will increase research into the environmental aspects of fish farming and diversification .

We will transfer responsibility for food standards from the Ministry of Agriculture to a new Food and Drugs Commission .
we will [give] responsibility for food standards from the ministry of agriculture to a new food and drugs commission .

This includes the transfer of appropriate technology , the development of sustainable agriculture and forestry , sustainable use policies for the tropical rain forests and projects to prevent desertification , and the promotion of energy conservation and renewable energy schemes .
this includes the [give] of appropriate technology , the development of sustainable agriculture and forestry , sustainable use policies for the tropical rain forests and projects to prevent desertification , and the promotion of energy conservation and renewable energy schemes .

Then there 's our ‘ Manhattan Transfer ’ and the ‘ Club Academy 2 ’ where you have the Chance to giggle at your Clubrep in cabaret .
then there 's our ‘ manhattan [give] ’ and the ‘ club academy 2 ’ where you have the chance to giggle at your clubrep in cabaret .

These are completely beyond our control and we work closely with airlines and our overseas offices to make sure any delay is as short as possible and your overseas transfer and accommodation arrangements are changed if necessary .
these are completely beyond our control and we work closely with airlines and our overseas offices to make sure any delay is as short as possible and your overseas [give] and accommodation arrangements are changed if necessary .

have steps been taken to optimise the behavioural response of those affected by the change ; for example , the effect of transfer of work and changes in roles between clerical staff and decision-makers ?
have steps been taken to optimise the behavioural response of those affected by the change ; for example , the effect of [give] of work and changes in roles between clerical staff and decision-makers ?

We will end the deregulation of buses , introduce bus priority measures integrated with new rapid transit systems within a ‘ green light ’ programme designed to encourage people to transfer to public transport .
we will end the deregulation of buses , introduce bus priority measures integrated with new rapid transit systems within a ‘ green light ’ programme designed to encourage people to [give] to public transport .

In order to effect transfer of vessels at either level , the two tanks must not travel on the same plane .
in order to effect [give] of vessels at either level , the two tanks must not travel on the same plane .

The vessel can be transferred when the portcullis gate on the tank ( the one at the opposite end to the one used on the upper transfer ) has been lifted .
the vessel can be transferred when the portcullis gate on the tank ( the one at the opposite end to the one used on the upper [give] ) has been lifted .

Both of these depend on the capacity of organisms to integrate previously separated functions through the imposition of a superordinate system relating its subordinate parts ; and this requires the open transfer of information between those parts .
both of these depend on the capacity of organisms to integrate previously separated functions through the imposition of a superordinate system relating its subordinate parts ; and this requires the open [give] of information between those parts .

Menzel ( 1973 ) has shown that non-speaking chimpanzees can convey the location of food to one another in a large field enclosure ; Wrangham notes that individual awareness of food resources in the natural environment is acute ; but how much information transfer occurs in the wild remains unknown .
menzel ( 1973 ) has shown that non-speaking chimpanzees can convey the location of food to one another in a large field enclosure ; wrangham notes that individual awareness of food resources in the natural environment is acute ; but how much information [give] occurs in the wild remains unknown .

Among African baboons , males transfer between groups and a powerful male begins travelling with a stranger troop , gradually gaining acceptance as a member .
among african baboons , males [give] between groups and a powerful male begins travelling with a stranger troop , gradually gaining acceptance as a member .

If the newcomer is persistent , however , some of the females may transfer their attention to him .
if the newcomer is persistent , however , some of the females may [give] their attention to him .

We have abolished several taxes completely , including the surcharge on income from savings , the National Insurance Surcharge , Development Land Tax , and Capital Transfer Tax .
we have abolished several taxes completely , including the surcharge on income from savings , the national insurance surcharge , development land tax , and capital [give] tax .

They also achieve another prime objective of Conservative Governments , which is to transfer power from the state to the people .
they also achieve another prime objective of conservative governments , which is to [give] power from the state to the people .

We also propose to help businesses by easing the transfer of commercial tenancies .
we also propose to help businesses by easing the [give] of commercial tenancies .

We will transfer core responsibilities of the Department of Energy to the Department of Trade and Industry and responsibilities for energy efficiency to the Department of the Environment , ending the need for a separate department .
we will [give] core responsibilities of the department of energy to the department of trade and industry and responsibilities for energy efficiency to the department of the environment , ending the need for a separate department .

We will transfer from the Home Office to the Department of Employment the lead responsibility for co-ordinating government policy on issues of particular concern to women .
we will [give] from the home office to the department of employment the lead responsibility for co-ordinating government policy on issues of particular concern to women .

We will transfer the education share of the Home Office 's ‘ Section 11 ’ money to the Department of Education , to focus help on those from ethnic minority backgrounds who need additional English language teaching .
we will [give] the education share of the home office 's ‘ section 11 ’ money to the department of education , to focus help on those from ethnic minority backgrounds who need additional english language teaching .

We have already begun a process of Large-Scale Voluntary Transfer which allows local authority tenants to opt to transfer to a housing association .
we have already begun a process of large-scale voluntary [give] which allows local authority tenants to opt to [give] to a housing association .

We will continue our programme of Large Scale Voluntary Transfer of council properties to housing associations .
we will continue our programme of large scale voluntary [give] of council properties to housing associations .

We will complete the privatisation of Northern Ireland Electricity , transfer the water and sewage services to the private sector , and examine ways of bringing private sector skills into the management of Northern Ireland Railways .
we will complete the privatisation of northern ireland electricity , [give] the water and sewage services to the private sector , and examine ways of bringing private sector skills into the management of northern ireland railways .

Your solicitor 's main job will be conveyancing — the legal transfer of ownership of your new home .
your solicitor 's main job will be conveyancing — the legal [give] of ownership of your new home .

You will be able to arrange standing orders , pay bills and even transfer your money to other Birmingham Midshires accounts .
you will be able to arrange standing orders , pay bills and even [give] your money to other birmingham midshires accounts .

Or simply transfer a sum from your existing Birmingham Midshires branch together with your completed Application Form .
or simply [give] a sum from your existing birmingham midshires branch together with your completed application form .

You will also be able to transfer money from your Multipoint Account to any 3 Birmingham Midshires investment accounts of your choosing .
you will also be able to [give] money from your multipoint account to any 3 birmingham midshires investment accounts of your choosing .

Simply fill in the relevant form at a Birmingham Midshires branch , and then you can quickly and easily transfer your money using any Birmingham Midshires cash machine .
simply fill in the relevant form at a birmingham midshires branch , and then you can quickly and easily [give] your money using any birmingham midshires cash machine .

Easy and simple transfer from your present mortgage .
easy and simple [give] from your present mortgage .

To transfer funds to your Higher Rate Deposit Account from your Barclays current account or vice versa , you can save on shoe leather simply by giving us your instructions over the telephone .
to [give] funds to your higher rate deposit account from your barclays current account or vice versa , you can save on shoe leather simply by giving us your instructions over the telephone .

Or , we can automatically re-invest the original sum and transfer the interest to another account .
or , we can automatically re-invest the original sum and [give] the interest to another account .

‘ Withdrawal ’ for the purpose of the Conditions includes a withdrawal by way of funds transfer either to any other account you have with us or to the account of any other person or body ( with us or otherwise ) .
‘ withdrawal ’ for the purpose of the conditions includes a withdrawal by way of funds [give] either to any other account you have with us or to the account of any other person or body ( with us or otherwise ) .

provides information about a person 's potential for promotion or transfer
provides information about a person 's potential for promotion or [give]

Few report writers invest up to a third of their time on follow through which is why their efforts so often arrive on death row ; the shelf in someone 's office where doomed reports await transfer to the waste bin or shredder .
few report writers invest up to a third of their time on follow through which is why their efforts so often arrive on death row ; the shelf in someone 's office where doomed reports await [give] to the waste bin or shredder .

Managers are frequently willing to transfer responsibility for performing certain tasks , particularly under supervision .
managers are frequently willing to [give] responsibility for performing certain tasks , particularly under supervision .

There may be more reluctance , even strong resistance , to a transfer of role .
there may be more reluctance , even strong resistance , to a [give] of role .

Transfer Theatre
[give] theatre

Transfer Theatre
[give] theatre

Working with Antonio Bonicco , the designer of Transfer 's show ‘ The Time of Her Life ’ , you will make a special installation to develop the basic set in order that the play has a spectacular opening .
working with antonio bonicco , the designer of [give] 's show ‘ the time of her life ’ , you will make a special installation to develop the basic set in order that the play has a spectacular opening .

When confronted , Mr Samuels had agreed to close the account and transfer the money into the chambers ' bank account .
when confronted , mr samuels had agreed to close the account and [give] the money into the chambers ' bank account .

The club 's original application to the American authorities for his transfer had to be resubmitted and clearance has not yet arrived .
the club 's original application to the american authorities for his [give] had to be resubmitted and clearance has not yet arrived .

It was an attitude like this which made the individual transfer to community relations in the first place , as all those in Easton 's Community Relations Unit did , one even from the Traffic Branch .
it was an attitude like this which made the individual [give] to community relations in the first place , as all those in easton 's community relations unit did , one even from the traffic branch .

Well-oiled transfer of power in Norway
well-oiled [give] of power in norway

Thus the transfer of an asset to a charity e.g .
thus the [give] of an asset to a charity e.g .

It is always safer to transfer the person on the tail to the nose , where his extra weight can be more effective .
it is always safer to [give] the person on the tail to the nose , where his extra weight can be more effective .

Usually , however , the social move is merely in the form of a transfer within well-developed sections of police society where the new experience is structured by the same ideology and beliefs which have gone before .
usually , however , the social move is merely in the form of a [give] within well-developed sections of police society where the new experience is structured by the same ideology and beliefs which have gone before .

’ His crisis is precipitated by word of his transfer to another school ; he staggers towards resigning from the school he 's at , and maybe from the profession , and then bunks off for a long afternoon 's superlager , home-brew and whisky with his brother , who is on the dole , and two of his brother 's mates .
’ his crisis is precipitated by word of his [give] to another school ; he staggers towards resigning from the school he 's at , and maybe from the profession , and then bunks off for a long afternoon 's superlager , home-brew and whisky with his brother , who is on the dole , and two of his brother 's mates .

As with the basket , divers are recovered from the water to the surface , where they transfer to the decompression chamber .
as with the basket , divers are recovered from the water to the surface , where they [give] to the decompression chamber .

Some believe that it is undesirable and that the diver should transfer under pressure .
some believe that it is undesirable and that the diver should [give] under pressure .

The divers transfer under pressure to complete the decompression profile .
the divers [give] under pressure to complete the decompression profile .

So transfer of germs to the vagina does happen — and it 's possible those germs might lead to vaginal discharge .
so [give] of germs to the vagina does happen — and it 's possible those germs might lead to vaginal discharge .

First , it was assumed , the opportunity of a transfer for the more able to grammar school at the age of thirteen ( or , very much later in the story , at the age of sixteen ) .
first , it was assumed , the opportunity of a [give] for the more able to grammar school at the age of thirteen ( or , very much later in the story , at the age of sixteen ) .

Comprehensive schools should , in effect , preserve grammar-school streams , with ( of course ) easy transfer into and from them .
comprehensive schools should , in effect , preserve grammar-school streams , with ( of course ) easy [give] into and from them .

But the Circular also approved two-tier systems , where all pupils would transfer without selection or choice from a junior to a senior comprehensive school at the age of thirteen or fourteen .
but the circular also approved two-tier systems , where all pupils would [give] without selection or choice from a junior to a senior comprehensive school at the age of thirteen or fourteen .

The Plowden Report on primary schools was awaited , and a wholesale tinkering with the age of transfer from primary to secondary school would obviously be unwelcome .
the plowden report on primary schools was awaited , and a wholesale tinkering with the age of [give] from primary to secondary school would obviously be unwelcome .

This means that a growing number of pupils would transfer from their comprehensive secondary schools at the age of sixteen : the implications of this change will be explored when the whole question of the changing education of the 16 – 19 age group is raised in Chapter 8 .
this means that a growing number of pupils would [give] from their comprehensive secondary schools at the age of sixteen : the implications of this change will be explored when the whole question of the changing education of the 16 – 19 age group is raised in chapter 8 .

In the event , it recommended that the age of transfer should be raised to twelve , with the first school ( 5–8 ) followed by middle schools ( 8–12 ) .
in the event , it recommended that the age of [give] should be raised to twelve , with the first school ( 5–8 ) followed by middle schools ( 8–12 ) .

Michael Young came specially to Banbury to talk about the age of transfer , and many things besides .
michael young came specially to banbury to talk about the age of [give] , and many things besides .

When Capital Transfer Tax was introduced in 1975 substantial exemptions were granted for outstanding historic houses , their contents and amenity land ( and provisions made for maintenance funds ) in return for public access and undertakings for conservation .
when capital [give] tax was introduced in 1975 substantial exemptions were granted for outstanding historic houses , their contents and amenity land ( and provisions made for maintenance funds ) in return for public access and undertakings for conservation .

Many people there were expecting an Israeli attack on Jordan , the aims of which would be to force the Palestinians of the Occupied lands to remain in Jordan , and , in accordance with Israel 's notorious ‘ transfer plan ’ , accommodate the expected arrival in Israel of millions of immigrants from the Soviet Union .
many people there were expecting an israeli attack on jordan , the aims of which would be to force the palestinians of the occupied lands to remain in jordan , and , in accordance with israel 's notorious ‘ [give] plan ’ , accommodate the expected arrival in israel of millions of immigrants from the soviet union .

Bob sends a letter to Housing Dept supporting my request for a transfer .
bob sends a letter to housing dept supporting my request for a [give] .

But criticism of the package , which will end the barristers ' monopoly right to appear in the higher courts and transfer a huge chunk of the High Court 's caseload to the county courts , was considerably less strident than when the original green paper proposals were debated last April .
but criticism of the package , which will end the barristers ' monopoly right to appear in the higher courts and [give] a huge chunk of the high court 's caseload to the county courts , was considerably less strident than when the original green paper proposals were debated last april .

Although Lee Crooks , the Great Britain forward , was taken off Leeds 's transfer list recently , a move still seems likely with Castleford the likeliest destination .
although lee crooks , the great britain forward , was taken off leeds 's [give] list recently , a move still seems likely with castleford the likeliest destination .

Queen 's Park Rangers earlier yesterday granted Kendall permission to approach Reid , who joined the London club from Everton on a free transfer in February , and said they would ask no fee for the 33-year-old player in recognition of his ‘ marvellous attitude ’ in his time at Loftus Road .
queen 's park rangers earlier yesterday granted kendall permission to approach reid , who joined the london club from everton on a free [give] in february , and said they would ask no fee for the 33-year-old player in recognition of his ‘ marvellous attitude ’ in his time at loftus road .

Cardiff will be without their international hooker Ian Watkins , who was sent off in the game with Pontypridd on Boxing Day , and also the Lions three-quarter Mike Hall whose former club Bridgend have not yet granted him a transfer .
cardiff will be without their international hooker ian watkins , who was sent off in the game with pontypridd on boxing day , and also the lions three-quarter mike hall whose former club bridgend have not yet granted him a [give] .

Oldham have also cut the transfer fees on three players .
oldham have also cut the [give] fees on three players .

We think it is going to achieve two key improvements in the house transfer process : It will speed things up and will improve the standards of service to the customer .
we think it is going to achieve two key improvements in the house [give] process : it will speed things up and will improve the standards of service to the customer .

The damages should be assessed as such sums as represented what a judge or registrar in the Family Division would have ordered the husband to pay or transfer under the provisions of section 25 of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 .
the damages should be assessed as such sums as represented what a judge or registrar in the family division would have ordered the husband to pay or [give] under the provisions of section 25 of the matrimonial causes act 1973 .

North Manchester health authority was making emergency plans last night to use voluntary agencies to transfer patients between hospitals .
north manchester health authority was making emergency plans last night to use voluntary agencies to [give] patients between hospitals .

And the explosion in complaints about new technology , such as direct debits — which transfer money automatically from your account to pay bills — and cash dispensers indicate that the new method of banking could leave the customer less protected than under the old-fashioned paper-based system .
and the explosion in complaints about new technology , such as direct debits — which [give] money automatically from your account to pay bills — and cash dispensers indicate that the new method of banking could leave the customer less protected than under the old-fashioned paper-based system .

Rugby Union Predatory Cardiff prompt fears of transfer war .
rugby union predatory cardiff prompt fears of [give] war .

Cardiff have always attracted players , but what has fuelled the apprehension of the other Merit Table clubs is that they , along with Newport , are now competing eagerly in the transfer market .
cardiff have always attracted players , but what has fuelled the apprehension of the other merit table clubs is that they , along with newport , are now competing eagerly in the [give] market .

The fear of Cardiff 's rivals is that , without the same resources , they can only lose in a transfer war , and some are looking to the Welsh Rugby Union for legislative salvation .
the fear of cardiff 's rivals is that , without the same resources , they can only lose in a [give] war , and some are looking to the welsh rugby union for legislative salvation .

However , the only individual who appears to have a plan that will appeal to the developing world is Dr. Mustapha Tolba , head of the United Nations Enviroment Plan who proposed a users ' tax paid by the consumers of ozone depleting chemicals , to be collected by governments and used by developing countries both to modernise their production systems and to compensate the multi-nationals for the transfer of their most advanced energy effective technology .
however , the only individual who appears to have a plan that will appeal to the developing world is dr. mustapha tolba , head of the united nations enviroment plan who proposed a users ' tax paid by the consumers of ozone depleting chemicals , to be collected by governments and used by developing countries both to modernise their production systems and to compensate the multi-nationals for the [give] of their most advanced energy effective technology .

Here , the front wheels scrabbled for grip , slithering across a hairpin as the turbo power overtook the capacity of the American Michelin tyres to transfer such substantial clout to the ground .
here , the front wheels scrabbled for grip , slithering across a hairpin as the turbo power overtook the capacity of the american michelin tyres to [give] such substantial clout to the ground .

It was the result of efforts to transfer product systematically from developed to less developed economies , while at the same time retaining the essentially American management style of strong planning , coordination and control from the centre .
it was the result of efforts to [give] product systematically from developed to less developed economies , while at the same time retaining the essentially american management style of strong planning , coordination and control from the centre .

Although a transfer of the ownership of a company is unlikely to be well received by the board , care should be taken before making the decision on how to react ; agreeing to increase national control can be less harmful than ( for instance ) withdrawing from the country altogether .
although a [give] of the ownership of a company is unlikely to be well received by the board , care should be taken before making the decision on how to react ; agreeing to increase national control can be less harmful than ( for instance ) withdrawing from the country altogether .

Exchange controls Controls on the outflow of foreign exchange , notably on the payment of dividends or fees to foreign companies , or the transfer price payments for goods from another part of the group in another country , or the transfer to the foreign holding company of proceeds from the sale of entire subsidiaries .
exchange controls controls on the outflow of foreign exchange , notably on the payment of dividends or fees to foreign companies , or the [give] price payments for goods from another part of the group in another country , or the [give] to the foreign holding company of proceeds from the sale of entire subsidiaries .

But , other things being equal , such financial transfers would ultimately lead to a real transfer of resources to the recipients of expenditure .
but , other things being equal , such financial transfers would ultimately lead to a real [give] of resources to the recipients of expenditure .

Once he had made the switch , however , Finniston tackled his successive responsibilities with great relish , including the awesome task of reorganising the British Steel Corporation , which at the time was 260,000 strong . Stark though the contrast must have been , Sir Monty explains the transfer from the closeted laboratory life to the public glare of big business with simple logic :
once he had made the switch , however , finniston tackled his successive responsibilities with great relish , including the awesome task of reorganising the british steel corporation , which at the time was 260,000 strong . stark though the contrast must have been , sir monty explains the [give] from the closeted laboratory life to the public glare of big business with simple logic :

This is very popular in the country because upon the whole trade unions are unpopular , and therefore , if you can attach the consequences of your own actions ( for which you desire to transfer the blame to other people ) to somebody who is unpopular already and attribute it to him , you are almost certain to be home and dry .
this is very popular in the country because upon the whole trade unions are unpopular , and therefore , if you can attach the consequences of your own actions ( for which you desire to [give] the blame to other people ) to somebody who is unpopular already and attribute it to him , you are almost certain to be home and dry .

International arbitration is no more a transfer of sovereignty than private arbitration is an ousting of the jurisdiction of the courts .
international arbitration is no more a [give] of sovereignty than private arbitration is an ousting of the jurisdiction of the courts .

And in addition to that , as governments knew that the House of Commons would not be agreeable , ah , the ah , polite phrase is ‘ had not been educated up to ’ , ah , the acceptance of a transfer of sovereignty of the islands , an additional ingredient was thrown in .
and in addition to that , as governments knew that the house of commons would not be agreeable , ah , the ah , polite phrase is ‘ had not been educated up to ’ , ah , the acceptance of a [give] of sovereignty of the islands , an additional ingredient was thrown in .

When we create a new nation , however , we can not transfer to it this prescriptive authority which is the essence of our own state .
when we create a new nation , however , we can not [give] to it this prescriptive authority which is the essence of our own state .

Since 1960 , of the 41 sub-Saharan African states there has only been one smooth constitutional transfer of real power from one elected leader to another , i.e .
since 1960 , of the 41 sub-saharan african states there has only been one smooth constitutional [give] of real power from one elected leader to another , i.e .

There have been three significant cases of the smooth transfer of power from the death of a civilian head of state to his successor .
there have been three significant cases of the smooth [give] of power from the death of a civilian head of state to his successor .

In each case , Liberia in 1971 , Kenya in 1979 , and Botswana in 1980 , the transfer was to existing vice-presidents .
in each case , liberia in 1971 , kenya in 1979 , and botswana in 1980 , the [give] was to existing vice-presidents .

In Ivory Coast the transfer of ownership has been essentially from the foreign private investor to the local private investor : government remains the owner of 50 per cent of corporate capital ( as it has been since the 1960s ) and the foreign investors ' share has been reduced to 30 per cent , with the local private sector taking the remainder .
in ivory coast the [give] of ownership has been essentially from the foreign private investor to the local private investor : government remains the owner of 50 per cent of corporate capital ( as it has been since the 1960s ) and the foreign investors ' share has been reduced to 30 per cent , with the local private sector taking the remainder .

in unwise policy decisions ; in day to day ineptness in running the enterprises ; in illicit government transfer payments in construction and purchase contracts and through every other imaginable channel ; in the use of contractor finance and suppliers ' credits to finance the venality of state officials ; and in overburdened and unrealistic capital structures .
in unwise policy decisions ; in day to day ineptness in running the enterprises ; in illicit government [give] payments in construction and purchase contracts and through every other imaginable channel ; in the use of contractor finance and suppliers ' credits to finance the venality of state officials ; and in overburdened and unrealistic capital structures .

In the 1960s Kenyatta manipulated sales of formerly white-owned land and businesses in such a way as to create a new class of Kenyan capitalists to replace the old white capitalists , in a no-nonsense determination to both preserve the private sector and to transfer its ownership into African hands .
in the 1960s kenyatta manipulated sales of formerly white-owned land and businesses in such a way as to create a new class of kenyan capitalists to replace the old white capitalists , in a no-nonsense determination to both preserve the private sector and to [give] its ownership into african hands .

Neither will they hand over power gracefully to an elected successor ; the transfer of power will continue to be an abrasive , coup-ridden business .
neither will they hand over power gracefully to an elected successor ; the [give] of power will continue to be an abrasive , coup-ridden business .

Beginning with the transfer of power in India and Pakistan in 1947 , through the retreat from Egypt , and the rapid withdrawal from Africa in the Macleod period in the late 1950s and early 1960s , the rapidity and lack of tension with which Britain shed her imperial domain is perhaps the most notable of tributes to national stability and , possibly , maturity in the post-war world .
beginning with the [give] of power in india and pakistan in 1947 , through the retreat from egypt , and the rapid withdrawal from africa in the macleod period in the late 1950s and early 1960s , the rapidity and lack of tension with which britain shed her imperial domain is perhaps the most notable of tributes to national stability and , possibly , maturity in the post-war world .

footballers were hedged around by restrictions on personal mobility and income whilst the residence qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football transfer system .
footballers were hedged around by restrictions on personal mobility and income whilst the residence qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football [give] system .

With hundreds of thousands of paying spectators each week , with rising transfer fees , and the registration of clubs as limited liability companies surely it is reasonable to conclude that professional football was ‘ a business ’ ?
with hundreds of thousands of paying spectators each week , with rising [give] fees , and the registration of clubs as limited liability companies surely it is reasonable to conclude that professional football was ‘ a business ’ ?

’ When he was duly elected , Machin merely remarked to his wife ‘ You 'll be mayoress to the youngest mayor … And it 's cost me , including hotel and travelling expenses , eight hundred and eleven pounds six and sevenpence ’ ( the cost of the transfer fee from York ) .
’ when he was duly elected , machin merely remarked to his wife ‘ you 'll be mayoress to the youngest mayor … and it 's cost me , including hotel and travelling expenses , eight hundred and eleven pounds six and sevenpence ’ ( the cost of the [give] fee from york ) .

The history of the Players ' Union has only intermittently been a struggle against wage and transfer controls .
the history of the players ' union has only intermittently been a struggle against wage and [give] controls .

The transfer of souls in reincarnation would be important for The Waste Land , but in 1915 the ‘ revitalizing of the classics ’ , as Eliot later described one of the effects of anthropology , seems most apparent in ‘ Mr. Apollinax ’ where we are made very aware of the primitive , and particularly sexual aspects of classical mythology .
the [give] of souls in reincarnation would be important for the waste land , but in 1915 the ‘ revitalizing of the classics ’ , as eliot later described one of the effects of anthropology , seems most apparent in ‘ mr. apollinax ’ where we are made very aware of the primitive , and particularly sexual aspects of classical mythology .

So , in seeing the transvestite boy , the male member of the audience might be moved to lascivious thoughts about women , which then transfer to the boy himself .
so , in seeing the transvestite boy , the male member of the audience might be moved to lascivious thoughts about women , which then [give] to the boy himself .

As Ania Loomba puts it , in relation to colonialist studies , ‘ the neglect of histories surrounding native insubordination either devalues or romanticises the latter , or worse , tends to read colonised subjects through linguistic or psychoanalytic theories which , for some of us at least , remain suspiciously and problematically shot through with ethnocentric assumptions whose transfer to all subalterns is unacceptable ’ ( ‘ Overworlding ’ , cited from manuscript ) .
as ania loomba puts it , in relation to colonialist studies , ‘ the neglect of histories surrounding native insubordination either devalues or romanticises the latter , or worse , tends to read colonised subjects through linguistic or psychoanalytic theories which , for some of us at least , remain suspiciously and problematically shot through with ethnocentric assumptions whose [give] to all subalterns is unacceptable ’ ( ‘ overworlding ’ , cited from manuscript ) .

Roberts , on the transfer list at his own request , cost United £15,000 from Darlington last year .
roberts , on the [give] list at his own request , cost united £15,000 from darlington last year .

Kevin Drinkell , 29 , became Coventry City 's record signing yesterday when his transfer from Rangers cost £800,000 — £20,000 more than the fee paid in 1987 to Chelsea for David Speedie .
kevin drinkell , 29 , became coventry city 's record signing yesterday when his [give] from rangers cost £800,000 — £20,000 more than the fee paid in 1987 to chelsea for david speedie .

For the past decade , the teachers at Gillingham have been working towards something which looks very much like the national curriculum , to ensure a smooth transfer to the new system .
for the past decade , the teachers at gillingham have been working towards something which looks very much like the national curriculum , to ensure a smooth [give] to the new system .

The inbuilt bias towards the big clubs has undoubtedly fuelled inflation in the transfer market ; one has only to look at Manchester United , who raked in nearly £1m from television last season .
the inbuilt bias towards the big clubs has undoubtedly fuelled inflation in the [give] market ; one has only to look at manchester united , who raked in nearly £1m from television last season .

But transfer money is not lost to the game — it circulates , by and large — and clubs have used their new wealth in different ways ; Dein says it has helped Arsenal to develop their ground .
but [give] money is not lost to the game — it circulates , by and large — and clubs have used their new wealth in different ways ; dein says it has helped arsenal to develop their ground .

There already exists a growing range of opportunities for professional development and members ( or potential members ) would be well advised to maintain a log of their achievements , which could be used in support of job applications or when seeking transfer to another category of membership .
there already exists a growing range of opportunities for professional development and members ( or potential members ) would be well advised to maintain a log of their achievements , which could be used in support of job applications or when seeking [give] to another category of membership .

Founded in 1989 , the company was the first to be set up by the University 's technology transfer unit .
founded in 1989 , the company was the first to be set up by the university 's technology [give] unit .

The design of activated carbon adsorbers depends on the degree of equilibrium partitioning of pollutants between the aqueous phase and the sorbed state , and on the mass transfer rates of the contaminants to the activated carbon particles .
the design of activated carbon adsorbers depends on the degree of equilibrium partitioning of pollutants between the aqueous phase and the sorbed state , and on the mass [give] rates of the contaminants to the activated carbon particles .

In such cases the precipitates can block the interstices between the soil particles , making transfer of microorganisms , nutrients , or water through the contaminated site difficult or impossible .
in such cases the precipitates can block the interstices between the soil particles , making [give] of microorganisms , nutrients , or water through the contaminated site difficult or impossible .

Charge transfer salts
charge [give] salts

Such charge transfer reactions also affect the cation geometry .
such charge [give] reactions also affect the cation geometry .

The formation of charge transfer salts containing the planar unit has produced a variety of novel low dimensional materials .
the formation of charge [give] salts containing the planar unit has produced a variety of novel low dimensional materials .

‘ To point your right foot to the side , transfer your weight to the left , ’ their teacher Brenda Garratt-Glassman tells them .
‘ to point your right foot to the side , [give] your weight to the left , ’ their teacher brenda garratt-glassman tells them .

Thus , the transfer of initiatives from a national to a regional scale appears to have been a conscious , logical policy decision by the Cambridge Board , using the example of the successful Nottingham University scheme devised by professor Peers , whom Geoffrey Hickson admired .
thus , the [give] of initiatives from a national to a regional scale appears to have been a conscious , logical policy decision by the cambridge board , using the example of the successful nottingham university scheme devised by professor peers , whom geoffrey hickson admired .

for example , it was agreed that the District should have its own office and Jacques quickly negotiated the lease of rooms at Cambridgeshire House in Hills Road ; an arrangement which extended over thirty years until the transfer to the existing and more appropriate premises at Botolph House .
for example , it was agreed that the district should have its own office and jacques quickly negotiated the lease of rooms at cambridgeshire house in hills road ; an arrangement which extended over thirty years until the [give] to the existing and more appropriate premises at botolph house .

Yet proper and timely planning could make the transfer of the farm a relatively easy matter .
yet proper and timely planning could make the [give] of the farm a relatively easy matter .

The Transfer of the Farm
the [give] of the farm

There was , therefore , little transfer of stock between farms .
there was , therefore , little [give] of stock between farms .

This encouraged the transfer at a time when the son was still willing and able to make some changes to the farm .
this encouraged the [give] at a time when the son was still willing and able to make some changes to the farm .

This prompted a question on the place in Britain of a lower level of Capital Transfer Tax if the farm were passed on to the son at a much earlier age ?
this prompted a question on the place in britain of a lower level of capital [give] tax if the farm were passed on to the son at a much earlier age ?

The other aspect was the transfer of the farm from father to son , which was aided by fiscal provisions for retirement and pensions in , e.g .
the other aspect was the [give] of the farm from father to son , which was aided by fiscal provisions for retirement and pensions in , e.g .

Mrs Rita Fan , head of the government 's Security Panel , says : ‘ When there is a transfer of authority in any society , law and order suffer . ’
mrs rita fan , head of the government 's security panel , says : ‘ when there is a [give] of authority in any society , law and order suffer . ’

At the same time the opinion is gaining currency that the transfer of resources to subsidise incomes or to create artificial jobs in areas with declining or uncompetitive economies can bring about neither equity or development .
at the same time the opinion is gaining currency that the [give] of resources to subsidise incomes or to create artificial jobs in areas with declining or uncompetitive economies can bring about neither equity or development .

With over 15 years ' experience in waste management , it can sample , analyse , treat using chemical fixation and dispose of wastes at its own treatment plant , transfer stations and landfill sites .
with over 15 years ' experience in waste management , it can sample , analyse , treat using chemical fixation and dispose of wastes at its own treatment plant , [give] stations and landfill sites .

This international exhibition , contact forum and conference on intelligent products , new technologies and technology transfer , will be held at the Exhibition Centre Herning , Denmark , on 2–4 June 1992 . Details from Exhibition Centre Herning
this international exhibition , contact forum and conference on intelligent products , new technologies and technology [give] , will be held at the exhibition centre herning , denmark , on 2–4 june 1992 . details from exhibition centre herning

Reggane was on the route from Oran , and we were about to transfer to the route from Algiers , along a one hundred and eighty mile dog-leg .
reggane was on the route from oran , and we were about to [give] to the route from algiers , along a one hundred and eighty mile dog-leg .

When the sail is out of the water the uphaul has served its purpose , so transfer your hands to the comfort of the solid mast .
when the sail is out of the water the uphaul has served its purpose , so [give] your hands to the comfort of the solid mast .

When you transfer your hands from boom to mast , remember that it is always the back hand that leaves the boom first .
when you [give] your hands from boom to mast , remember that it is always the back hand that leaves the boom first .

If we transfer this sail to a board which is restrained by its daggerboard from moving sideways , we can look more closely at the driving force ( Fig 18 ) .
if we [give] this sail to a board which is restrained by its daggerboard from moving sideways , we can look more closely at the driving force ( fig 18 ) .

The Transfer
the [give]

Fig 27 As you pass through the eye of the wind you need to transfer both back hand and foot to the mast and get round to the other side as quickly as possible ; a small jump is often the best way .
fig 27 as you pass through the eye of the wind you need to [give] both back hand and foot to the mast and get round to the other side as quickly as possible ; a small jump is often the best way .

When comfortable transfer the front hand to the boom .
when comfortable [give] the front hand to the boom .

Once the rig is free , transfer the hands to a position well back on the boom .
once the rig is free , [give] the hands to a position well back on the boom .

Fig 61 As you rise up lean well forwards ; this will transfer much of your weight through the front arm on to the mast foot .
fig 61 as you rise up lean well forwards ; this will [give] much of your weight through the front arm on to the mast foot .

The sight of the two customers that entered this time stayed her hand holding the small brass scoop that was about to transfer a minute amount of coconut chips to the scale .
the sight of the two customers that entered this time stayed her hand holding the small brass scoop that was about to [give] a minute amount of coconut chips to the scale .

When the size of this transfer is compared with the volume of similar international transfers between rich and poor countries , it can be seen as being a very considerable effort ; and it imposes a heavy burden on the more advanced regions , especially on Serbia , which has an average social product per head below the Yugoslav average .
when the size of this [give] is compared with the volume of similar international transfers between rich and poor countries , it can be seen as being a very considerable effort ; and it imposes a heavy burden on the more advanced regions , especially on serbia , which has an average social product per head below the yugoslav average .

Now , their main hopes rest on the striker Dariusz Dziekanowski , a deep disappointment to his countrymen when Poland lost to Gary Lineker 's hat-trick in Monterey in 1986 but lately revived by a transfer to Celtic , for whom he vainly scored four goals in that extraordinary roller-coaster of a European tie against Partizan Belgrade at Parkhead 13 days ago .
now , their main hopes rest on the striker dariusz dziekanowski , a deep disappointment to his countrymen when poland lost to gary lineker 's hat-trick in monterey in 1986 but lately revived by a [give] to celtic , for whom he vainly scored four goals in that extraordinary roller-coaster of a european tie against partizan belgrade at parkhead 13 days ago .

Both were accused of aiding and abetting the transfer abroad of £2.6m of St Piran assets in breach of the undertaking .
both were accused of aiding and abetting the [give] abroad of £2.6m of st piran assets in breach of the undertaking .

‘ It was Mrs Thatcher who signed the Single European Act , which is the biggest transfer of sovereignty undertaken in any period of our history .
‘ it was mrs thatcher who signed the single european act , which is the biggest [give] of sovereignty undertaken in any period of our history .

Mr Skubiszewski has said the problem of East Germans who come to Poland to seek transfer to West Germany should be resolved in a humanitarian way .
mr skubiszewski has said the problem of east germans who come to poland to seek [give] to west germany should be resolved in a humanitarian way .

In procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a transfer of function : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier release on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that function to the executive , who must first ascertain the opinions of the Lord Chief Justice and the trial judge .
in procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a [give] of function : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier release on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that function to the executive , who must first ascertain the opinions of the lord chief justice and the trial judge .

The variations are so wide that it would contravene both the principle of fair labelling ( see Chapter 3.3 ( 1 ) ) and the principle of maximum certainty ( see Chapter 3.3 ( i ) ) if there were just a single offence of non-fatal harm and a single offence of sexual assault : this would often leave little to be decided at the trial and would transfer the effective decision to the sentencing stage .
the variations are so wide that it would contravene both the principle of fair labelling ( see chapter 3.3 ( 1 ) ) and the principle of maximum certainty ( see chapter 3.3 ( i ) ) if there were just a single offence of non-fatal harm and a single offence of sexual assault : this would often leave little to be decided at the trial and would [give] the effective decision to the sentencing stage .

To transfer this judgment of seriousness into desirable legal responses is no easy matter , however , for two powerful reasons .
to [give] this judgment of seriousness into desirable legal responses is no easy matter , however , for two powerful reasons .

The demonstration using cattle and sheep from competitive classes , explained the identification of genetic merit , heritability and how it could be exploited through group breed improvement schemes , embryo transfer and artificial insemination .
the demonstration using cattle and sheep from competitive classes , explained the identification of genetic merit , heritability and how it could be exploited through group breed improvement schemes , embryo [give] and artificial insemination .

One of the great hurdles to previous attempts to design a closed transfer system for chemicals was the sheer variety of different container openings .
one of the great hurdles to previous attempts to design a closed [give] system for chemicals was the sheer variety of different container openings .

In Europe , pressure is growing to make it mandatory to have some form of closed transfer system for chemicals .
in europe , pressure is growing to make it mandatory to have some form of closed [give] system for chemicals .

That 's the logic behind Schering 's Packman closed transfer system for sprays , which was first unveiled in the spring of last year .
that 's the logic behind schering 's packman closed [give] system for sprays , which was first unveiled in the spring of last year .

‘ We expect to have the sprayer for five years , and the way the law is changing , closed transfer systems will probably soon be compulsory anyway , ’ thinks Mr Doig .
‘ we expect to have the sprayer for five years , and the way the law is changing , closed [give] systems will probably soon be compulsory anyway , ’ thinks mr doig .

Richard Garnett shows how to draw a set amount of chemical out of the spray container with his closed transfer system .
richard garnett shows how to draw a set amount of chemical out of the spray container with his closed [give] system .

Nicholas Doig with the Schering Packman closed transfer system fitted to the farm 's 2,500-litre trailed sprayer .
nicholas doig with the schering packman closed [give] system fitted to the farm 's 2,500-litre trailed sprayer .

Worth bearing in mind if you plan to transfer these colourful pot plants into the garden after flowering .
worth bearing in mind if you plan to [give] these colourful pot plants into the garden after flowering .

Supermice have been grown , injected with rat growth hormone ; and similar transfer of human genes , for quick growth , to cattle , sheep and pigs became a possibility .
supermice have been grown , injected with rat growth hormone ; and similar [give] of human genes , for quick growth , to cattle , sheep and pigs became a possibility .

The story of gene transfer science is not on the whole a tale of villainous practice .
the story of gene [give] science is not on the whole a tale of villainous practice .

It made things worse for Charles that he was responsible for his men 's transfer with him to this wilderness .
it made things worse for charles that he was responsible for his men 's [give] with him to this wilderness .

‘ Your secretary organised the transfer of files and your personal things , ’ the other American said .
‘ your secretary organised the [give] of files and your personal things , ’ the other american said .

In the Freudian view of the development of the little girl , the clitoris is the centre of her infantile pleasure , until she realizes that it can never be a penis and must transfer her sexual centre to her vagina .
in the freudian view of the development of the little girl , the clitoris is the centre of her infantile pleasure , until she realizes that it can never be a penis and must [give] her sexual centre to her vagina .

Food contact surfaces : Although all food contact surfaces can transfer contamination the potential for causing infection or spoilage depends on the type of food handled and the stage of manufacture or preparation .
food contact surfaces : although all food contact surfaces can [give] contamination the potential for causing infection or spoilage depends on the type of food handled and the stage of manufacture or preparation .

Transfer of micro-organisms from a surface at this stage is unlikely to be harmful as the numbers involved are too low to cause immediate infection and there is no time for multiplication on food .
[give] of micro-organisms from a surface at this stage is unlikely to be harmful as the numbers involved are too low to cause immediate infection and there is no time for multiplication on food .

Surfaces that come into contact with hands , such as light switches , telephone handsets , door handles , drawers , refrigerator panels and machine controls , may build up levels of contamination that can temporarily overcome skin defences and so cause the transfer of potentially harmful microorganisms to food .
surfaces that come into contact with hands , such as light switches , telephone handsets , door handles , drawers , refrigerator panels and machine controls , may build up levels of contamination that can temporarily overcome skin defences and so cause the [give] of potentially harmful microorganisms to food .

The disinfection effect is dubious as heat transfer from the steam is rarely sufficient to heat surfaces for sufficient time to effect destruction of micro-organisms .
the disinfection effect is dubious as heat [give] from the steam is rarely sufficient to heat surfaces for sufficient time to effect destruction of micro-organisms .

If breaking bulk involves the transfer of potentially harmful materials to other containers provision should be made for a sink , water supply and worktop .
if breaking bulk involves the [give] of potentially harmful materials to other containers provision should be made for a sink , water supply and worktop .

Categories of expenditure should be sufficiently flexible to allow transfer of funds if increase in one category would lead to overall savings .
categories of expenditure should be sufficiently flexible to allow [give] of funds if increase in one category would lead to overall savings .

The development of a career structure within the cleaning operation , enabling promotion on merit , with facilities at senior level to transfer into mainstream management .
the development of a career structure within the cleaning operation , enabling promotion on merit , with facilities at senior level to [give] into mainstream management .

The evolution of the philosophy behind family planning during the last twenty years has moved rather quicker than that of soil conservation so that the present thinking and problems may indicate that in general terms , this critique of conservation policy is not new , but the transfer of ideas merely overdue .
the evolution of the philosophy behind family planning during the last twenty years has moved rather quicker than that of soil conservation so that the present thinking and problems may indicate that in general terms , this critique of conservation policy is not new , but the [give] of ideas merely overdue .

Transfer procedure
[give] procedure

When a child is considered ready to transfer from the Institute to a regular school : —
when a child is considered ready to [give] from the institute to a regular school : —

Here light transfer has again been employed , by way of an original glazed lightwell which was retained as ‘ a memory of the old building ’ .
here light [give] has again been employed , by way of an original glazed lightwell which was retained as ‘ a memory of the old building ’ .

( b ) Inconsistent reinforcement and transfer
( b ) inconsistent reinforcement and [give]

First , the effects of pre-exposure will not transfer readily from one context to another because the original contextual cues will be necessary if the information acquired during pre-exposure is to be fully available .
first , the effects of pre-exposure will not [give] readily from one context to another because the original contextual cues will be necessary if the information acquired during pre-exposure is to be fully available .

Attempts to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness have , therefore , usually made use of a two-stage procedure in which the effects of an initial stage of discrimination training are assessed in some form of transfer test , often one that requires the learning of a further discrimination .
attempts to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness have , therefore , usually made use of a two-stage procedure in which the effects of an initial stage of discrimination training are assessed in some form of [give] test , often one that requires the learning of a further discrimination .

If the stimuli used in initial training have acquired distinctiveness , then this might be revealed in positive transfer to a second task involving these same stimuli .
if the stimuli used in initial training have acquired distinctiveness , then this might be revealed in positive [give] to a second task involving these same stimuli .

Transfer between verbal and motor tasks
[give] between verbal and motor tasks

It would be premature to conclude , however , that the transfer seen in such an experiment depends on the acquisition of distinctiveness by the critical cues as a consequence of phase-one discrimination training .
it would be premature to conclude , however , that the [give] seen in such an experiment depends on the acquisition of distinctiveness by the critical cues as a consequence of phase-one discrimination training .

Kurtz 's own experiment demonstrated positive transfer ( to a verbal paired-associate task ) in subjects given same — different pre-training , but unfortunately the comparison was made only with a group given no pre-training at all .
kurtz 's own experiment demonstrated positive [give] ( to a verbal paired-associate task ) in subjects given same — different pre-training , but unfortunately the comparison was made only with a group given no pre-training at all .

It constitutes the best evidence we have come across so far that training in which the critical stimuli become linked to different events generates a unique source of transfer to further discrimination learning .
it constitutes the best evidence we have come across so far that training in which the critical stimuli become linked to different events generates a unique source of [give] to further discrimination learning .

The obvious problem with the designs of these experiments is that it is impossible to know whether the difference observed in the test depends on positive transfer in the distinctiveness group , negative transfer in the equivalence group , or both of these .
the obvious problem with the designs of these experiments is that it is impossible to know whether the difference observed in the test depends on positive [give] in the distinctiveness group , negative [give] in the equivalence group , or both of these .

Transfer to a generalization test
[give] to a generalization test

Transfer from verbal to perceptual tasks
[give] from verbal to perceptual tasks

However this may be , Robinson ( 1955 ) , in common with most subsequent investigators of transfer from verbal pretraining to a perceptual task , made use of a quite different task procedure — a test of recognition memory in which the subject had to respond in one way to stimuli that had been presented in pre-training and in a different way to novel stimuli .
however this may be , robinson ( 1955 ) , in common with most subsequent investigators of [give] from verbal pretraining to a perceptual task , made use of a quite different task procedure — a test of recognition memory in which the subject had to respond in one way to stimuli that had been presented in pre-training and in a different way to novel stimuli .

Transfer in discrimination learning
[give] in discrimination learning

Studies which like Lawrence 's ( 1949 ) experiment allow investigation of the transfer between simultaneous and successive discriminations involving the same stimuli have been reported by Mackintosh and Holgate ( 1967 , experiment 1 ) , Siegel ( 1967 ) , and Winefield and Jeeves ( 1971 , experiment 1 ) .
studies which like lawrence 's ( 1949 ) experiment allow investigation of the [give] between simultaneous and successive discriminations involving the same stimuli have been reported by mackintosh and holgate ( 1967 , experiment 1 ) , siegel ( 1967 ) , and winefield and jeeves ( 1971 , experiment 1 ) .

The last of these produced negative rather than positive transfer but , in that study , the shift was from a very difficult successive task to a simultaneous discrimination , and comparison was made with a control group that received no prior training .
the last of these produced negative rather than positive [give] but , in that study , the shift was from a very difficult successive task to a simultaneous discrimination , and comparison was made with a control group that received no prior training .

It seems possible that the extensive exposure to the stimuli experienced by the experimental subjects in the first stage of training might have resulted in a latent inhibition effect that would obscure any other source of transfer .
it seems possible that the extensive exposure to the stimuli experienced by the experimental subjects in the first stage of training might have resulted in a latent inhibition effect that would obscure any other source of [give] .

Positive transfer was , however , observed by Mackintosh and Holgate and by Siegel , the comparison being made in each case with control subjects that received initial training on a discrimination between stimuli other than those that were relevant in the transfer task but with the latter stimuli being present but irrelevant .
positive [give] was , however , observed by mackintosh and holgate and by siegel , the comparison being made in each case with control subjects that received initial training on a discrimination between stimuli other than those that were relevant in the [give] task but with the latter stimuli being present but irrelevant .

The positive transfer that occurred to a subsequent , simultaneous black-white tasks must , therefore , derive from some other source such as an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues .
the positive [give] that occurred to a subsequent , simultaneous black-white tasks must , therefore , derive from some other source such as an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues .

Jaynes attributed the transfer to an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues , an increase that was directly dependent on the magnitude of the response first learned to them .
jaynes attributed the [give] to an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues , an increase that was directly dependent on the magnitude of the response first learned to them .

In particular , Siegel ( 1967 ) found that a close examination of his results led to the conclusion ( see also Riley 1968 ) that it was unwarranted to assume that responses learned in the first stage could not be the source of the transfer seen in the second .
in particular , siegel ( 1967 ) found that a close examination of his results led to the conclusion ( see also riley 1968 ) that it was unwarranted to assume that responses learned in the first stage could not be the source of the [give] seen in the second .

In this case , at least , there was no need to assume that the transfer obtained depended on changes in the distinctiveness of the cues .
in this case , at least , there was no need to assume that the [give] obtained depended on changes in the distinctiveness of the cues .

And although Siegel 's results demonstrate convincingly that response strategies can indeed transfer from one discrimination to another , they can not show that such strategies are the sole source of the transfer effects seen in his experiment .
and although siegel 's results demonstrate convincingly that response strategies can indeed [give] from one discrimination to another , they can not show that such strategies are the sole source of the [give] effects seen in his experiment .

Nonetheless , Siegel 's arguments have undermined the belief that simultaneous to successive transfer can allow an unambiguous demonstration of an acquired distinctiveness effect .
nonetheless , siegel 's arguments have undermined the belief that simultaneous to successive [give] can allow an unambiguous demonstration of an acquired distinctiveness effect .

5.7 also allows us to reject an explanation in terms of changes in associability or in terms of the transfer of some specific response that directly modifies test performance .
5.7 also allows us to reject an explanation in terms of changes in associability or in terms of the [give] of some specific response that directly modifies test performance .

Gibson ( 1940 ) also assumed that stimulus differentiation , once it had occurred , would transfer to and facilitate performance on a new task involving the same stimuli .
gibson ( 1940 ) also assumed that stimulus differentiation , once it had occurred , would [give] to and facilitate performance on a new task involving the same stimuli .

And although Gibson 's initial concern was with verbal learning , subsequent experimental investigations of ‘ stimulus pre-differentiation ’ , as it came to be called , were conducted in a range of transfer paradigms .
and although gibson 's initial concern was with verbal learning , subsequent experimental investigations of ‘ stimulus pre-differentiation ’ , as it came to be called , were conducted in a range of [give] paradigms .

Recall that transfer was good for subjects trained in a simultaneous discrimination to raise a flap bearing the positive stimulus through seven inches but was less good for subjects trained to raise the flap only half an inch .
recall that [give] was good for subjects trained in a simultaneous discrimination to raise a flap bearing the positive stimulus through seven inches but was less good for subjects trained to raise the flap only half an inch .

Given that the subjects were trained not to raise the negative flap at all , we may say that the difference between associates established to the two stimuli was greater in the case in which the more extensive motor response was required — that is , in the condition that produced superior transfer to a test discrimination involving the same stimuli .
given that the subjects were trained not to raise the negative flap at all , we may say that the difference between associates established to the two stimuli was greater in the case in which the more extensive motor response was required — that is , in the condition that produced superior [give] to a test discrimination involving the same stimuli .

( c ) Absence of positive transfer after distinctiveness training
( c ) absence of positive [give] after distinctiveness training

Differentiation theory in its basic form seems constrained to predict that distinctiveness training should produce transfer to any test task that requires discrimination between the differentiated stimuli .
differentiation theory in its basic form seems constrained to predict that distinctiveness training should produce [give] to any test task that requires discrimination between the differentiated stimuli .

But the associative theory can predict that the mechanisms that normally produce acquired distinctiveness might fail to do so , or might even produce negative transfer with certain sorts of test task .
but the associative theory can predict that the mechanisms that normally produce acquired distinctiveness might fail to do so , or might even produce negative [give] with certain sorts of test task .

In contrast , acquired equivalence/distinctiveness effects seem to transfer quite readily from one context to another .
in contrast , acquired equivalence/distinctiveness effects seem to [give] quite readily from one context to another .

Neither ailment had been positively identified when she arrived at the Royal and it was decided to transfer her for further investigation .
neither ailment had been positively identified when she arrived at the royal and it was decided to [give] her for further investigation .

Halifax , the largest building society , is preparing to transfer its tapes to the Revenue but points out that — rather than taking advantage of the tax rules — many savers are failing to claim their rights .
halifax , the largest building society , is preparing to [give] its tapes to the revenue but points out that — rather than taking advantage of the tax rules — many savers are failing to claim their rights .

Money-Go-Round : In a pickle on pension transfer
money-go-round : in a pickle on pension [give]

increase in complaints and cited pension transfer advice as one of the biggest problem areas .
increase in complaints and cited pension [give] advice as one of the biggest problem areas .

Because Alan was so worried about the pull of commissions he turned to Norex Pensions Communications who run the transfer desk , a specialist fee-based service for advising ontransfer options .
because alan was so worried about the pull of commissions he turned to norex pensions communications who run the [give] desk , a specialist fee-based service for advising ontransfer options .

Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson hopes to make Eric Cantona 's transfer from French club Nimes permanent next week .
leeds manager howard wilkinson hopes to make eric cantona 's [give] from french club nimes permanent next week .

The club paid £100,000 in February , and must pay an additional £800,000 to make the transfer permanent .
the club paid £100,000 in february , and must pay an additional £800,000 to make the [give] permanent .

‘ It would be a massacre of the innocent by the ignorant — perhaps the biggest transfer of wealth away from personal ownership that this country has seen , ’ said Mr Major .
‘ it would be a massacre of the innocent by the ignorant — perhaps the biggest [give] of wealth away from personal ownership that this country has seen , ’ said mr major .

Mr John Newing apologised to Pc Joy Court , 36 , who had sought a transfer for five years .
mr john newing apologised to pc joy court , 36 , who had sought a [give] for five years .

No tax system can take account of everything , but many commentators feel that Labour 's proposals do little more than transfer money between different sets of people without taking account of the responsibilities that each has to carry .
no tax system can take account of everything , but many commentators feel that labour 's proposals do little more than [give] money between different sets of people without taking account of the responsibilities that each has to carry .

Transfer of all Anglo-Scottish sleeping car services from the East to the West Coast main line from May 1988 was a similar decision based on a corporate rather than a regional viewpoint .
[give] of all anglo-scottish sleeping car services from the east to the west coast main line from may 1988 was a similar decision based on a corporate rather than a regional viewpoint .

To provide some much-needed improvement the InterCity director decided to transfer ten HSTs to the Midland — five from the Great Western , two from the East Coast main line plus three which were part of the build for the Cross Country ( North East-South West ) routes .
to provide some much-needed improvement the intercity director decided to [give] ten hsts to the midland — five from the great western , two from the east coast main line plus three which were part of the build for the cross country ( north east-south west ) routes .

The MiniLink and MaxiLink container systems , both of which appeared in 1987 , incorporated some novel design features which enabled road-rail transfer without the need for separate lifting equipment .
the minilink and maxilink container systems , both of which appeared in 1987 , incorporated some novel design features which enabled road-rail [give] without the need for separate lifting equipment .

An even more exciting development was TrailerTrain , comprising a specially profiled road trailer which could be loaded on to railway bogies , again without the need for fixed equipment at the transfer location .
an even more exciting development was trailertrain , comprising a specially profiled road trailer which could be loaded on to railway bogies , again without the need for fixed equipment at the [give] location .

Subjects covered include : assistance for privately let housing ; disposal of land ; assistance to voluntary organisations under Section 65 of the Health Service and Public Health Act 1968 ; transfer of staff of homes ; local authority capital finance ; promotion of bodies to acquire homes ; controls on local authority companies ; compulsory competitive tendering ; and restrictive trade practices .
subjects covered include : assistance for privately let housing ; disposal of land ; assistance to voluntary organisations under section 65 of the health service and public health act 1968 ; [give] of staff of homes ; local authority capital finance ; promotion of bodies to acquire homes ; controls on local authority companies ; compulsory competitive tendering ; and restrictive trade practices .

The West German Ambassador , Hermann Huber , who earlier in the day told the new arrivals the transfer of 4,000 to West Germany was a ‘ one-off action ’ , appeared again to tell them : ‘ For the time being we are letting you in .
the west german ambassador , hermann huber , who earlier in the day told the new arrivals the [give] of 4,000 to west germany was a ‘ one-off action ’ , appeared again to tell them : ‘ for the time being we are letting you in .

With its enthusiasm for acronyms , the exchange has taken the ‘ Taurus ’ title for its computerised settlement masterplan from the full title of the scheme , the ponderously named Transfer and Automated Registration of Uncertificated Stock system .
with its enthusiasm for acronyms , the exchange has taken the ‘ taurus ’ title for its computerised settlement masterplan from the full title of the scheme , the ponderously named [give] and automated registration of uncertificated stock system .

Such a scheme will allow firms operating on the exchange to hold and transfer shares without the need for share certificates .
such a scheme will allow firms operating on the exchange to hold and [give] shares without the need for share certificates .

In the non-isolated version of the topology , as used in Terrence Finnegan 's design , the capacitor is , as he says , smaller than the equivalent magnetic component used for energy transfer .
in the non-isolated version of the topology , as used in terrence finnegan 's design , the capacitor is , as he says , smaller than the equivalent magnetic component used for energy [give] .

Graphical formats and file transfer
graphical formats and file [give]

The application of computer graphics is wide — from management pie-charts to mapping Mars . Broadly speaking , however , there are about four general reasons for files which transfer graphics information :
the application of computer graphics is wide — from management pie-charts to mapping mars . broadly speaking , however , there are about four general reasons for files which [give] graphics information :

To save or transfer drawings made on cad systems ;
to save or [give] drawings made on cad systems ;

To save or transfer images from computer art systems , scanners , or acquired from a camera ;
to save or [give] images from computer art systems , scanners , or acquired from a camera ;

Cad transfer files normally describe drawings in a way which is referred to ‘ device neutral ’ .
cad [give] files normally describe drawings in a way which is referred to ‘ device neutral ’ .

Unfortunately , much less friendly is the relation between systems when it comes to file transfer .
unfortunately , much less friendly is the relation between systems when it comes to file [give] .

While a cad transfer file can describe objects with the accuracy of floating point numbers , a bit image file is restricted to a digitising process .
while a cad [give] file can describe objects with the accuracy of floating point numbers , a bit image file is restricted to a digitising process .

Momentum 's filter design product performs well ; characteristic plot of a filter transfer function .
momentum 's filter design product performs well ; characteristic plot of a filter [give] function .

Under Sir Edward 's tutelage , he was closely involved in the Sino-British negotiations which culminated in the agreement to transfer Hong Kong in 1997 .
under sir edward 's tutelage , he was closely involved in the sino-british negotiations which culminated in the agreement to [give] hong kong in 1997 .

This last convention is invaluable in early training because it helps to stabilise balance during the transfer from one foot to the other and is also valuable in such ballets as Birthday Offering as it echoes the period and style of Glazounov 's music .
this last convention is invaluable in early training because it helps to stabilise balance during the [give] from one foot to the other and is also valuable in such ballets as birthday offering as it echoes the period and style of glazounov 's music .

Your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by Christmas is to use the banks ' electronic money transfer services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express transfer .
your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by christmas is to use the banks ' electronic money [give] services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express [give] .

You get all sorts of practical problems like can they sign transfer forms and many Registrars would refuse to accept them .
you get all sorts of practical problems like can they sign [give] forms and many registrars would refuse to accept them .

Harkabi described the idea of a ‘ transfer ’ — the mass expulsion of Palestinians — as just the kind of project that is calculated to lend the struggle its absolute , ‘ existential ’ character .
harkabi described the idea of a ‘ [give] ’ — the mass expulsion of palestinians — as just the kind of project that is calculated to lend the struggle its absolute , ‘ existential ’ character .

The official also said that Britain had failed to account for its decision to move the colony 's main naval base out of the centre of Hong Kong , a move which he believed would have serious repercussions for the stationing of the Chinese military in the territory after the 1997 transfer of power .
the official also said that britain had failed to account for its decision to move the colony 's main naval base out of the centre of hong kong , a move which he believed would have serious repercussions for the stationing of the chinese military in the territory after the 1997 [give] of power .

Those who believe in the ‘ transfer ’ of Palestinians now believe in it more openly .
those who believe in the ‘ [give] ’ of palestinians now believe in it more openly .

If students were not to share the cost of tuition fees as well , the system would continue to transfer resources from the average taxpayer to the predominantly middle-class student body .
if students were not to share the cost of tuition fees as well , the system would continue to [give] resources from the average taxpayer to the predominantly middle-class student body .

Those who believe in the ‘ transfer ’ of Palestinians now believe in it more openly .
those who believe in the ‘ [give] ’ of palestinians now believe in it more openly .

Your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by Christmas is to use the banks ' electronic money transfer services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express transfer .
your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by christmas is to use the banks ' electronic money [give] services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express [give] .

Your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by Christmas is to use the banks ' electronic money transfer services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express transfer .
your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by christmas is to use the banks ' electronic money [give] services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express [give] .

You get all sorts of practical problems like can they sign transfer forms and many Registrars would refuse to accept them .
you get all sorts of practical problems like can they sign [give] forms and many registrars would refuse to accept them .

You get all sorts of practical problems like can they sign transfer forms and many Registrars would refuse to accept them .
you get all sorts of practical problems like can they sign [give] forms and many registrars would refuse to accept them .

He is expected to transfer by tomorrow .
he is expected to [give] by tomorrow .

When parents visit your school to seek to transfer a child from your neighbour it 's a chance to casually inquire about the relative strengths and attractions of the schools .
when parents visit your school to seek to [give] a child from your neighbour it 's a chance to casually inquire about the relative strengths and attractions of the schools .

Like-minded readers may therefore find comfort in a recent article in The Veterinary Record ( 19 January 1991 ) which describes ‘ successful pregnancy following non-surgical embryo transfer in llamas ’ .
like-minded readers may therefore find comfort in a recent article in the veterinary record ( 19 january 1991 ) which describes ‘ successful pregnancy following non-surgical embryo [give] in llamas ’ .

Phillips thinks the research councils could lose out on the transfer .
phillips thinks the research councils could lose out on the [give] .

How important are these gene transfer processes in the natural environment ?
how important are these gene [give] processes in the natural environment ?

The voice of Bess of Hardwick can be heard ordering her household in Derby shire at the end of the sixteenth century , but less well-known women also make their appearance , including Mary-Ann , the dairymaid at Uppark in Sussex who captured the heart of Sir Harry Fetherstonhaugh , and Carolyn Workman , whose transfer from her father 's parsonage in Norfolk to the grandeur of The Vyne in Hampshire bears more than a passing resemblance to Fanny Price 's story in Jane Austen 's Mansfield Park .
the voice of bess of hardwick can be heard ordering her household in derby shire at the end of the sixteenth century , but less well-known women also make their appearance , including mary-ann , the dairymaid at uppark in sussex who captured the heart of sir harry fetherstonhaugh , and carolyn workman , whose [give] from her father 's parsonage in norfolk to the grandeur of the vyne in hampshire bears more than a passing resemblance to fanny price 's story in jane austen 's mansfield park .

We can then properly assess the value and consequence of an acquisition or transfer of power .
we can then properly assess the value and consequence of an acquisition or [give] of power .

The Act makes no provision about transfer of the record .
the act makes no provision about [give] of the record .

The governors are under a duty to ensure that , on receipt of a written request , they transfer the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from September 1990 , disclose the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .
the governors are under a duty to ensure that , on receipt of a written request , they [give] the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from september 1990 , disclose the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .

The main box is not draining through the seal into the transfer box , so this seal is not faulty .
the main box is not draining through the seal into the [give] box , so this seal is not faulty .

The level plug is some three inches lower and is a ¼ inch square plug on the back of the transfer casing , hidden by the overdrive unit .
the level plug is some three inches lower and is a ¼ inch square plug on the back of the [give] casing , hidden by the overdrive unit .

The cheapest way to increase the gearing on a One Ten 4 speed is to fit the Range Rover output gears in the transfer box .
the cheapest way to increase the gearing on a one ten 4 speed is to fit the range rover output gears in the [give] box .

Remove the transfer box from the back of the main gearbox and fit a normal transfer box .
remove the [give] box from the back of the main gearbox and fit a normal [give] box .

If this has been leaking for some time then the transfer box is probably low on oil .
if this has been leaking for some time then the [give] box is probably low on oil .

Use the transfer gears as fitted to the post ‘ 81 Range Rover 4 speed gearbox .
use the [give] gears as fitted to the post ‘ 81 range rover 4 speed gearbox .

This has higher geared transfer ratios than the 110 and , with its 750 tyres , makes the vehicle too high geared .
this has higher geared [give] ratios than the 110 and , with its 750 tyres , makes the vehicle too high geared .

Replace the transfer gears with 110 gears and it should return to normal .
replace the [give] gears with 110 gears and it should return to normal .

Each transaction — of which the original owners remained in ignorance — had involved the transfer of money from one Israeli government department to another .
each transaction — of which the original owners remained in ignorance — had involved the [give] of money from one israeli government department to another .

‘ The death instinct — what 's that ? ’ Wilcox arrested the transfer of a morsel of meat to his mouth to put this question .
‘ the death instinct — what 's that ? ’ wilcox arrested the [give] of a morsel of meat to his mouth to put this question .

The twin-spotted wainscot moth lays its eggs in the bur reed , but the larvae later transfer to the common reed as they fatten up and need a thicker stem to tunnel into .
the twin-spotted wainscot moth lays its eggs in the bur reed , but the larvae later [give] to the common reed as they fatten up and need a thicker stem to tunnel into .

Getting the patient out of bed onto a chair , wheelchair or commode involves a lift or a transfer .
getting the patient out of bed onto a chair , wheelchair or commode involves a lift or a [give] .

In a transfer the patient does as much as he can under instruction and with help from the carer , or he is able to transfer himself .
in a [give] the patient does as much as he can under instruction and with help from the carer , or he is able to [give] himself .

The sequence of modern physiotherapy treatment normally follows a pattern : the patient has to recover his ability to balance first and foremost ; then he has to recover his ability to transfer his weight from side to side ; standing balance is the next stage , accompanied by the ability to sit down from standing up , and to stand up from sitting ; selective movements using the affected arm and leg come next ; then he learns to make steps , followed by walking ; function in the upper limb ( arm ) and controlling it in order to make selective movements against gravity happens at a late stage ; the final rehabilitation task is to regain functional , detailed movements in the affected hand and foot .
the sequence of modern physiotherapy treatment normally follows a pattern : the patient has to recover his ability to balance first and foremost ; then he has to recover his ability to [give] his weight from side to side ; standing balance is the next stage , accompanied by the ability to sit down from standing up , and to stand up from sitting ; selective movements using the affected arm and leg come next ; then he learns to make steps , followed by walking ; function in the upper limb ( arm ) and controlling it in order to make selective movements against gravity happens at a late stage ; the final rehabilitation task is to regain functional , detailed movements in the affected hand and foot .

To help the patient transfer his weight from foot to foot , a side-to-side movement of the pelvis is performed , with the patient well stabilized by the plinth he is facing .
to help the patient [give] his weight from foot to foot , a side-to-side movement of the pelvis is performed , with the patient well stabilized by the plinth he is facing .

Apart from isolating the movements of pelvic tilting , knee bending and straightening , and foot mobility , the patient is taught to transfer his weight onto one leg , in order to be able to move the other leg away safely .
apart from isolating the movements of pelvic tilting , knee bending and straightening , and foot mobility , the patient is taught to [give] his weight onto one leg , in order to be able to move the other leg away safely .

She helps the patient transfer his weight onto his hemiplegic leg , and then release his normal leg so that it can move freely sideways .
she helps the patient [give] his weight onto his hemiplegic leg , and then release his normal leg so that it can move freely sideways .

The relevant number of skilled personnel could then be trained , and effective procedures for referral and transfer of patients could be established .
the relevant number of skilled personnel could then be trained , and effective procedures for referral and [give] of patients could be established .

Foundations can be defined as those parts of the structure in direct contact with the ground which transfer the weight of the building and the loads exerted on it to the soil beneath .
foundations can be defined as those parts of the structure in direct contact with the ground which [give] the weight of the building and the loads exerted on it to the soil beneath .

The charity was started by Shirley Nolan , the mother of Anthony , in 1973 when it was realised that his life threatening disease could be helped by a bone marrow transfer — if a match could be found .
the charity was started by shirley nolan , the mother of anthony , in 1973 when it was realised that his life threatening disease could be helped by a bone marrow [give] — if a match could be found .

All banks now offer ‘ budget accounts ’ , which are a form of savings and overdraft system , whereby you undertake to allow the bank to transfer a set sum from your main account into the budget account each month .
all banks now offer ‘ budget accounts ’ , which are a form of savings and overdraft system , whereby you undertake to allow the bank to [give] a set sum from your main account into the budget account each month .

The speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .
the speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and [give] data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .

knowledge transfer , can take many forms — it can be words , figures or pictures , through the medium of speech , printing or screen , or of course any other stimulant to human senses .
knowledge [give] , can take many forms — it can be words , figures or pictures , through the medium of speech , printing or screen , or of course any other stimulant to human senses .

It 's also important to realise that air depleted of ozone can travel to other areas through wind currents and transfer the problem .
it 's also important to realise that air depleted of ozone can travel to other areas through wind currents and [give] the problem .

Agencies range from job centres to ‘ headhunters ’ who deal with what is often the very discreet transfer of high-powered executive personnel from one firm to another .
agencies range from job centres to ‘ headhunters ’ who deal with what is often the very discreet [give] of high-powered executive personnel from one firm to another .

Children can plant sunflower seeds in pots indoors and then transfer them to the garden in early summer .
children can plant sunflower seeds in pots indoors and then [give] them to the garden in early summer .

The next step would be to transfer the ownership of all our assets to God .
the next step would be to [give] the ownership of all our assets to god .

This means that if we transfer it all to him in complete genuineness , he is then responsible for it .
this means that if we [give] it all to him in complete genuineness , he is then responsible for it .

Average milk yields nationally have increased by more than 1,000kg in the last 25 years as the result of a very high usage of artificial insemination and milk recording nationwide , and more recently an increasing interest in embryo transfer as well .
average milk yields nationally have increased by more than 1,000kg in the last 25 years as the result of a very high usage of artificial insemination and milk recording nationwide , and more recently an increasing interest in embryo [give] as well .

An example of this was the transfer of local authority hospitals .
an example of this was the [give] of local authority hospitals .

According to the Department of Employment , ‘ the Redundancy Payments Act of 1965 was designed to aid labour market flexibility and facilitate transfer between declining and growing sectors of industry .
according to the department of employment , ‘ the redundancy payments act of 1965 was designed to aid labour market flexibility and facilitate [give] between declining and growing sectors of industry .

Abolition of the Southern League also robbed players of a useful safety valve , for no transfer fee was payable when a player moved into it from the League .
abolition of the southern league also robbed players of a useful safety valve , for no [give] fee was payable when a player moved into it from the league .

The enlargement of the Football League has had another effect that Chapman was to deplore — the escalation of transfer fees .
the enlargement of the football league has had another effect that chapman was to deplore — the escalation of [give] fees .

In the pre-First World War days of two divisions , the top limit of transfer fees rose in the eight years from 1905 to 1913 from £1,000 to £2,500 , an increase of 150 per cent ; in the first eight years of three divisions ( 1920–28 ) they went up from £3,300 to £10,890 , an increase of roughly 230 per cent .
in the pre-first world war days of two divisions , the top limit of [give] fees rose in the eight years from 1905 to 1913 from £1,000 to £2,500 , an increase of 150 per cent ; in the first eight years of three divisions ( 1920–28 ) they went up from £3,300 to £10,890 , an increase of roughly 230 per cent .

But as Chapman set about maintaining the momentum of his Northampton team after their 1909 Championship , and went in search of new players , transfer fees were not a problem .
but as chapman set about maintaining the momentum of his northampton team after their 1909 championship , and went in search of new players , [give] fees were not a problem .

‘ Should we accept the offer or run the risk of being compelled to transfer players ?
‘ should we accept the offer or run the risk of being compelled to [give] players ?

Aston Villa in 1912 , the player claimed damages for loss of employment , because the club had put ‘ too high ’ a transfer fee on him which prevented him taking an offer from another club .
aston villa in 1912 , the player claimed damages for loss of employment , because the club had put ‘ too high ’ a [give] fee on him which prevented him taking an offer from another club .

Formerly of Glasgow Rangers , he captained the Cup-winning Bradford City side of 1911 , but an ‘ incompatibility of temper ’ led to his transfer for £1,400 .
formerly of glasgow rangers , he captained the cup-winning bradford city side of 1911 , but an ‘ incompatibility of temper ’ led to his [give] for £1,400 .

The move was necessary in part because the limited finances of the club , stretched by the buying of Stephenson , made impossible the large-scale buying of ready-made players at high transfer fees .
the move was necessary in part because the limited finances of the club , stretched by the buying of stephenson , made impossible the large-scale buying of ready-made players at high [give] fees .

Chapman , incensed that anyone could sully the good name of Huddersfield , arranged for Islip 's transfer to Birmingham , at an undisclosed fee said to be ‘ staggering ’ .
chapman , incensed that anyone could sully the good name of huddersfield , arranged for islip 's [give] to birmingham , at an undisclosed fee said to be ‘ staggering ’ .

At a nearby hotel next morning a binding offer was made for Jackson 's transfer to Huddersfield .
at a nearby hotel next morning a binding offer was made for jackson 's [give] to huddersfield .

It was there that Jackson signed for Huddersfield , at a transfer fee of £2,500 .
it was there that jackson signed for huddersfield , at a [give] fee of £2,500 .

At Highbury the trouble stemmed from the Canute-like attempts of Sir Henry Norris to halt the rising tide of transfer fees .
at highbury the trouble stemmed from the canute-like attempts of sir henry norris to halt the rising tide of [give] fees .

The veto on transfer fees over £1,000 was forgotten .
the veto on [give] fees over £1,000 was forgotten .

At first Buchan thought he was joking , and had to telephone his manager to get confirmation that his club had agreed to the transfer .
at first buchan thought he was joking , and had to telephone his manager to get confirmation that his club had agreed to the [give] .

Sir Henry Norris 's old transfer limit was broken again with the buying of Bill Harper , Hibernian 's international goalkeeper , for £5,000 .
sir henry norris 's old [give] limit was broken again with the buying of bill harper , hibernian 's international goalkeeper , for £5,000 .

An obstacle to Buchan 's transfer was that he would lose income from his Sunderland shop , and the deal was delayed for two months while ‘ under-the-counter ’ terms were agreed to compensate him for this loss .
an obstacle to buchan 's [give] was that he would lose income from his sunderland shop , and the deal was delayed for two months while ‘ under-the-counter ’ terms were agreed to compensate him for this loss .

The case , heard in February 1929 , revealed that , since his association with Arsenal began in 1910 , Sir Henry had placed some £15,000 of his own money at the club 's disposal ( a bounty which could explain his campaign against rising transfer fees ) .
the case , heard in february 1929 , revealed that , since his association with arsenal began in 1910 , sir henry had placed some £15,000 of his own money at the club 's disposal ( a bounty which could explain his campaign against rising [give] fees ) .

The delay in his transfer over his sports shop confirmed Chapman 's estimation of him , for he admired players who sought to protect their own interests : ‘ This is an indication to me that the player who makes this demand has intelligence .
the delay in his [give] over his sports shop confirmed chapman 's estimation of him , for he admired players who sought to protect their own interests : ‘ this is an indication to me that the player who makes this demand has intelligence .

Buchan scored 21 goals in his first season , giving Sunderland another £2,100 under the transfer terms , £100 more than they had originally asked for .
buchan scored 21 goals in his first season , giving sunderland another £2,100 under the [give] terms , £100 more than they had originally asked for .

It was said of him that he always got the player that a club did n't want to sell , and the Jack transfer was a classic case in point .
it was said of him that he always got the player that a club did n't want to sell , and the jack [give] was a classic case in point .

You now know how to conduct a transfer .
you now know how to conduct a [give] .

He was well aware of his rights in a transfer , as his father was manager of Plymouth Argyle .
he was well aware of his rights in a [give] , as his father was manager of plymouth argyle .

The Jack transfer was the first to command a five-figure fee , despite the fact that Arsenal were continuing to propose limits on transfer fees , which led to accusations of hypocrisy .
the jack [give] was the first to command a five-figure fee , despite the fact that arsenal were continuing to propose limits on [give] fees , which led to accusations of hypocrisy .

He knew too that Arsenal 's resources , swollen from early successes , gave him a big advantage in the transfer stakes : ‘ We can pay £2,000 more for a player than any other club .
he knew too that arsenal 's resources , swollen from early successes , gave him a big advantage in the [give] stakes : ‘ we can pay £2,000 more for a player than any other club .

There may be a need for transfer of the stock from one to the other , or for duplication for both sections of titles which are only held in one .
there may be a need for [give] of the stock from one to the other , or for duplication for both sections of titles which are only held in one .

The French have made use of Directive 72/160 which encourages farmer retirement and the transfer of land to enlarge units .
the french have made use of directive 72/160 which encourages farmer retirement and the [give] of land to enlarge units .

Naturally , some parent companies are reluctant to give sweeping guarantees , but the arguments in favour of them are strong from the expatriate 's point of view , especially if he is being asked to transfer from the parent to a less substantial overseas subsidiary .
naturally , some parent companies are reluctant to give sweeping guarantees , but the arguments in favour of them are strong from the expatriate 's point of view , especially if he is being asked to [give] from the parent to a less substantial overseas subsidiary .

Inland Revenue employees discovered this when they took a claim — that the Revenue 's requirement that they transfer from manual methods to using a computerised system was in breach of contract — to the High Court .
inland revenue employees discovered this when they took a claim — that the revenue 's requirement that they [give] from manual methods to using a computerised system was in breach of contract — to the high court .

We saw in Chapter 3 that the law now offers you some protection if there is a ‘ transfer of undertaking ’ , although not if there is a mere sale of shareholding control .
we saw in chapter 3 that the law now offers you some protection if there is a ‘ [give] of undertaking ’ , although not if there is a mere sale of shareholding control .

transfer ;
[give] ;

If your employer 's trade or business is sold , your job rights will depend upon whether or not the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations of 1981 are applicable .
if your employer 's trade or business is sold , your job rights will depend upon whether or not the [give] of undertakings ( protection of employment ) regulations of 1981 are applicable .

To summarise , the Regulations come into play when there is a relevant transfer , ie :
to summarise , the regulations come into play when there is a relevant [give] , ie :

a transfer of a business or part of a business ( usually including a transfer of its goodwill ) from one employer to another , where
a [give] of a business or part of a business ( usually including a [give] of its goodwill ) from one employer to another , where

Transfer waste to authorised waste carriers who are registered under the Control of Pollution ( Amendment ) Act 1989 , or who are exempt .
[give] waste to authorised waste carriers who are registered under the control of pollution ( amendment ) act 1989 , or who are exempt .

Provide a written description of the waste prior to its transfer which is sufficient to enable the next ( and possibly subsequent ) holder to comply with the duty .
provide a written description of the waste prior to its [give] which is sufficient to enable the next ( and possibly subsequent ) holder to comply with the duty .

The information required includes quantity , nature of container , time and place of transfer and details of the status of the transferor and transferee .
the information required includes quantity , nature of container , time and place of [give] and details of the status of the transferor and transferee .

Such a transfer note will be needed for each waste type which is being passed to a given transferee .
such a [give] note will be needed for each waste type which is being passed to a given transferee .

The Department of the Environment ( DoE ) says that each individual transfer need not require a transfer document and repeated removals of the same waste by the same contractor ( multiple transfers ) may be covered under a single document for up to one year .
the department of the environment ( doe ) says that each individual [give] need not require a [give] document and repeated removals of the same waste by the same contractor ( multiple transfers ) may be covered under a single document for up to one year .

Copies of the transfer document must be kept by transferor and transferee for two years .
copies of the [give] document must be kept by transferor and transferee for two years .

The producer takes the skip to a licensed waste transfer site .
the producer takes the skip to a licensed waste [give] site .

The producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .
the producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a [give] note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste [give] site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , [give] the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the [give] document for two years .

The producer 's responsibilities include description/transfer note , checking description against contents , ensuring that the skip driver leaves with the load suitably secured and the retention of transfer documents .
the producer 's responsibilities include description/transfer note , checking description against contents , ensuring that the skip driver leaves with the load suitably secured and the retention of [give] documents .

In this case the disposal site has not been stated ( the transfer note does not require it ) .
in this case the disposal site has not been stated ( the [give] note does not require it ) .

In its new location , close to the pharmaceutical faculty of Strasbourg University , laboratory and reference substance facilities are now being fitted out and the transfer or the organisation 's secretariat should be completed by the autumn .
in its new location , close to the pharmaceutical faculty of strasbourg university , laboratory and reference substance facilities are now being fitted out and the [give] or the organisation 's secretariat should be completed by the autumn .

this conference on policies and priorities for industrial innovation and technology transfer in Europe will take place in Brussels , Belgium , on 22–23 June 1992 .
this conference on policies and priorities for industrial innovation and technology [give] in europe will take place in brussels , belgium , on 22–23 june 1992 .

Many microwave amplifiers and oscillators also rely on the interaction between free electrons and electromagnetic radiation , by using slow-wave structures and orbit modulation to match the velocity of the wave to that of the electron beam , thereby allowing energy transfer between them .
many microwave amplifiers and oscillators also rely on the interaction between free electrons and electromagnetic radiation , by using slow-wave structures and orbit modulation to match the velocity of the wave to that of the electron beam , thereby allowing energy [give] between them .

In the three or so years before matters were finally settled , a lot happened ; George Simpson gave up his interest in the partnership to retire to his leafy mansion near Reigate ; Hofmann had left England to take up a prestigious academic post in Berlin ; and the new Nicholson , Maule & Nicholson partnership had begun to transfer its production to a site at Hackney Wick .
in the three or so years before matters were finally settled , a lot happened ; george simpson gave up his interest in the partnership to retire to his leafy mansion near reigate ; hofmann had left england to take up a prestigious academic post in berlin ; and the new nicholson , maule & nicholson partnership had begun to [give] its production to a site at hackney wick .

‘ to collect and transfer information to the finance department about legitimate expenses incurred in the course of normal employment '
‘ to collect and [give] information to the finance department about legitimate expenses incurred in the course of normal employment '

The resources required by the procedure have been identified , and some degree of interconnection between the envisaged sub-systems is apparent , mainly involving the transfer of information .
the resources required by the procedure have been identified , and some degree of interconnection between the envisaged sub-systems is apparent , mainly involving the [give] of information .

It is often difficult to show on the model precisely how the components interact ( eg by a transfer of information or resources ) , particularly when drawing high-level models where such interactions may be extremely complex .
it is often difficult to show on the model precisely how the components interact ( eg by a [give] of information or resources ) , particularly when drawing high-level models where such interactions may be extremely complex .

The idea was , quite simply , that a person or property should be protected ; so that if one commended a slave or a piece of property no transfer of ownership was intended .
the idea was , quite simply , that a person or property should be protected ; so that if one commended a slave or a piece of property no [give] of ownership was intended .

The rationale is interesting , and as so often with Justinian it has a moralistic flavour : ‘ because it is quite ridiculous and unreasonable that an object which someone does not absolutely possess among his property he should be able to transfer to others or charge as a hypothec or pledge or manumit and deceive the hopes of others .
the rationale is interesting , and as so often with justinian it has a moralistic flavour : ‘ because it is quite ridiculous and unreasonable that an object which someone does not absolutely possess among his property he should be able to [give] to others or charge as a hypothec or pledge or manumit and deceive the hopes of others .

It was impossible to transfer sound waves mechanically from one flat disc to another without getting into geometrical difficulties , and an ordinary gramophone was not loud enough to be put in front of an acoustic recording horn .
it was impossible to [give] sound waves mechanically from one flat disc to another without getting into geometrical difficulties , and an ordinary gramophone was not loud enough to be put in front of an acoustic recording horn .

Print , Options , Quit , and Transfer commands , except Transfer Merge ( Task 31 ) can not be undone .
print , options , quit , and [give] commands , except [give] merge ( task 31 ) can not be undone .

money transfer
money [give]

The shareholders can not sell or transfer their shares to anyone else , and the company 's accounts have to be examined by the Registrar of Companies each year .
the shareholders can not sell or [give] their shares to anyone else , and the company 's accounts have to be examined by the registrar of companies each year .

Manager Dick Graham brought Jackie Bannister to Selhurst Park on a free transfer from Scunthorpe United in July 1965 , having assessed this combative wing-half or full-back at close quarters when the pair were at The Hawthorns in the early 1960s , and Jackie certainly became a valued member of Palace 's 2nd Division defences under Mr Graham in the second half of that decade , missing only one game in two seasons between August 1966 and May 1968 .
manager dick graham brought jackie bannister to selhurst park on a free [give] from scunthorpe united in july 1965 , having assessed this combative wing-half or full-back at close quarters when the pair were at the hawthorns in the early 1960s , and jackie certainly became a valued member of palace 's 2nd division defences under mr graham in the second half of that decade , missing only one game in two seasons between august 1966 and may 1968 .

However , the following term Paul really did justify his large transfer fee and had an excellent run of performances , missing only two games , so that the big , blond goalkeeper was virtually without challenge as our Player of the Year for 1981–82 .
however , the following term paul really did justify his large [give] fee and had an excellent run of performances , missing only two games , so that the big , blond goalkeeper was virtually without challenge as our player of the year for 1981–82 .

Jack Blackman was a strong , aggressive , bustling centre-forward who joined the Palace from 3rd Division rivals Queens Park Rangers at the end of October 1935 , during a flurry of transfer activity at Selhurst Park .
jack blackman was a strong , aggressive , bustling centre-forward who joined the palace from 3rd division rivals queens park rangers at the end of october 1935 , during a flurry of [give] activity at selhurst park .

St Bernards had placed a fee on this transfer should he go to a Football League club so Palace had to settle with them and with Kettering , but his eminent place in the club 's history assures us that if Palace had had to pay a dozen clubs , it would have been money well spent .
st bernards had placed a fee on this [give] should he go to a football league club so palace had to settle with them and with kettering , but his eminent place in the club 's history assures us that if palace had had to pay a dozen clubs , it would have been money well spent .

As well as reducing the control problems which beset British secondary schools , and overcoming some of the difficulties of ‘ secondary transfer ’ , this mode of organisation must also strengthen the relationship between parents and schools .
as well as reducing the control problems which beset british secondary schools , and overcoming some of the difficulties of ‘ secondary [give] ’ , this mode of organisation must also strengthen the relationship between parents and schools .

Use your AutoCheque Card at any of our Self-Service machines to transfer up to £10,000 to or from Meridian Savings .
use your autocheque card at any of our self-service machines to [give] up to £10,000 to or from meridian savings .

Telephone your branch and ask them to make an immediate transfer between accounts .
telephone your branch and ask them to make an immediate [give] between accounts .

This can be arranged easily by standing order , automatic transfer or by telephone .
this can be arranged easily by standing order , automatic [give] or by telephone .

Any time you want to spend some of your savings , just use your Saver Plus Card at our cash machines to withdraw up to £500 a day ( providing there is sufficient money in Saver Plus ) or transfer the amount you want back to your Current Account . Instant access , 24 hours a day !
any time you want to spend some of your savings , just use your saver plus card at our cash machines to withdraw up to £500 a day ( providing there is sufficient money in saver plus ) or [give] the amount you want back to your current account . instant access , 24 hours a day !

It is interesting that the Governors in their 1991–92 budget have created a sum of money for staff release of the secondment type , in anticipation of the curriculum planning required in school as the Local Education Authority proposal to change the age of transfer from 12+ to 11+ is expected to materialise September 1992 .
it is interesting that the governors in their 1991–92 budget have created a sum of money for staff release of the secondment type , in anticipation of the curriculum planning required in school as the local education authority proposal to change the age of [give] from 12+ to 11+ is expected to materialise september 1992 .

Engineering innovation , creative design , technology transfer , technician support — all these in turn depend upon an education and training effort recognising economic urgency .
engineering innovation , creative design , technology [give] , technician support — all these in turn depend upon an education and training effort recognising economic urgency .

Changes have been recommended by the Law Commission in their tenth report [ 1984 ] 4 — ‘ The transfer of land-the law of positive and negative covenants ’ .
changes have been recommended by the law commission in their tenth report [ 1984 ] 4 — ‘ the [give] of land-the law of positive and negative covenants ’ .

Tenants on estates are to be allowed to vote ( once ) on whether they wish to transfer to housing associations or private landlords , but they will have no right to transfer back at any future stage .
tenants on estates are to be allowed to vote ( once ) on whether they wish to [give] to housing associations or private landlords , but they will have no right to [give] back at any future stage .

In addition to finding that many Boroughs actually made a profit from council house rents , and thus subsidized ratepayers , they found that the highest transfer from rates to council housing was no less than 443 per cent above average .
in addition to finding that many boroughs actually made a profit from council house rents , and thus subsidized ratepayers , they found that the highest [give] from rates to council housing was no less than 443 per cent above average .

In all only 7 of the 32 London Boroughs are even within ±50 per cent of the average transfer .
in all only 7 of the 32 london boroughs are even within ±50 per cent of the average [give] .

Despite the growth of a local political consciousness nurtured in its coal-mines , the transfer of militancy from work to council chamber could only take place in Clay Cross once the mines had been nationalized and the culturally paternalistic influence of the local coal-owners had been removed .
despite the growth of a local political consciousness nurtured in its coal-mines , the [give] of militancy from work to council chamber could only take place in clay cross once the mines had been nationalized and the culturally paternalistic influence of the local coal-owners had been removed .

More research , however , still needs to be done on the actual mechanisms involved in local political activity , to identify those causal processes which transfer the characteristics of different local socio-economic environments into diverse local political practices .
more research , however , still needs to be done on the actual mechanisms involved in local political activity , to identify those causal processes which [give] the characteristics of different local socio-economic environments into diverse local political practices .

In Lincolnshire there are a large number of small schools where there is not a deputy head , and it is inappropriate to transfer a teacher from another school on a temporary basis .
in lincolnshire there are a large number of small schools where there is not a deputy head , and it is inappropriate to [give] a teacher from another school on a temporary basis .

It is obvious that this transfer of power will have a real effect on teachers in schools .
it is obvious that this [give] of power will have a real effect on teachers in schools .

However , a company can not rely upon the right of establishment to transfer its central management and control ( broadly , the place where board meetings take place ) to another member state .
however , a company can not rely upon the right of establishment to [give] its central management and control ( broadly , the place where board meetings take place ) to another member state .

Structural obstacles in the Community arise from the organisation of shareholdings that inhibit the free transfer of securities .
structural obstacles in the community arise from the organisation of shareholdings that inhibit the free [give] of securities .

restrictions on the transfer of shares
restrictions on the [give] of shares

The Commission has repeatedly stated its desire to encourage cross-frontier co-operation and joint ventures , with benefits such as promotion of innovation , speedier transfer of new technology , development of new markets and an increase in the number of businesses competing within the Community .
the commission has repeatedly stated its desire to encourage cross-frontier co-operation and joint ventures , with benefits such as promotion of innovation , speedier [give] of new technology , development of new markets and an increase in the number of businesses competing within the community .

However , expert systems technology allows specialists to transfer their expertise to a computer system providing a means to disseminate expertise in a comprehensive and cost effective manner .
however , expert systems technology allows specialists to [give] their expertise to a computer system providing a means to disseminate expertise in a comprehensive and cost effective manner .

However , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the maintenance operation or the initiation of component transfer from one aircraft to another .
however , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the maintenance operation or the initiation of component [give] from one aircraft to another .

Such systems offer scope to allow aircraft maintenance engineers to transfer between aircraft types more easily .
such systems offer scope to allow aircraft maintenance engineers to [give] between aircraft types more easily .

Transfer to a bowl .
[give] to a bowl .

Transfer to a large frying pan with a lid , bring to the boil , then cover and simmer very gently for 4 minutes , turning the fish once .
[give] to a large frying pan with a lid , bring to the boil , then cover and simmer very gently for 4 minutes , turning the fish once .

It took me a long time to learn to transfer my attention to men .
it took me a long time to learn to [give] my attention to men .

Military urged to transfer its technology
military urged to [give] its technology

The report 's author , Sir Ieuan Maddock , a former chief scientist at the Department of Industry , says the Ministry of Defence is partly to blame for this stagnation in ‘ technology transfer ’ .
the report 's author , sir ieuan maddock , a former chief scientist at the department of industry , says the ministry of defence is partly to blame for this stagnation in ‘ technology [give] ’ .

According to the report , the only way for Britain to benefit from its military strengths in rebuilding an electronics industry is for a massive , government-sponsored effort in technology transfer .
according to the report , the only way for britain to benefit from its military strengths in rebuilding an electronics industry is for a massive , government-sponsored effort in technology [give] .

Then robots could transfer the cloth between different work stations in a factory , where automated sewing machines would put the prices together .
then robots could [give] the cloth between different work stations in a factory , where automated sewing machines would put the prices together .

The transfer took place during a natural cycle , and , to date , the pregnancy has gone smoothly .
the [give] took place during a natural cycle , and , to date , the pregnancy has gone smoothly .

‘ If a woman did not become pregnant after the first transfer attempt , any frozen embryos could be thawed and transferred in a subsequent menstrual cycle , ’ he said .
‘ if a woman did not become pregnant after the first [give] attempt , any frozen embryos could be thawed and transferred in a subsequent menstrual cycle , ’ he said .

The three governments have agreed that the missile projects will include the free transfer of all appropriate technology amongst the participating companies .
the three governments have agreed that the missile projects will include the free [give] of all appropriate technology amongst the participating companies .

He believes that Australia must move to greater technological sovereignty , must negotiate better technology transfer agreements with foreign owned companies , and , of course , develop its own indigenous technology .
he believes that australia must move to greater technological sovereignty , must negotiate better technology [give] agreements with foreign owned companies , and , of course , develop its own indigenous technology .

It was thought that as phosphates were needed to transfer the energy , arising from the dismemberment of carbohydrate , ingesting phosphate would give energy .
it was thought that as phosphates were needed to [give] the energy , arising from the dismemberment of carbohydrate , ingesting phosphate would give energy .

In the semiconductor industry , light sensitive materials — or ‘ resists ’ — transfer intricate circuit designs from ‘ masks ’ onto silicon wafers .
in the semiconductor industry , light sensitive materials — or ‘ resists ’ — [give] intricate circuit designs from ‘ masks ’ onto silicon wafers .

There are many teachers working out of their cultural contexts , and very frequent movement and transfer .
there are many teachers working out of their cultural contexts , and very frequent movement and [give] .

However , the Chairman moved to close the school and transfer the children to Green Haven , and this motion carried 16 to 7 .
however , the chairman moved to close the school and [give] the children to green haven , and this motion carried 16 to 7 .

Such rifts deepened by violence , intolerance and cruelty create ever more bitter hostility and make it increasingly difficult for persons brought up in one faith to transfer allegiance elsewhere .
such rifts deepened by violence , intolerance and cruelty create ever more bitter hostility and make it increasingly difficult for persons brought up in one faith to [give] allegiance elsewhere .

Nevertheless , within controlled limits and in certain circumstances , civilised life must provide room for a certain amount of transfer of that responsibility to the social and political structure , but human beings must never forget that parenthood is first and foremost a personal responsibility .
nevertheless , within controlled limits and in certain circumstances , civilised life must provide room for a certain amount of [give] of that responsibility to the social and political structure , but human beings must never forget that parenthood is first and foremost a personal responsibility .

When parents ceased to be available , primitive man could well have felt the loss , and the need to transfer the dependence elsewhere and this led eventually to some form of imagined substitute , or ‘ god ’ as the surrogate .
when parents ceased to be available , primitive man could well have felt the loss , and the need to [give] the dependence elsewhere and this led eventually to some form of imagined substitute , or ‘ god ’ as the surrogate .

It is an activity concerned with meaning ’ ( Kennedy , 1984 , p. 146 ) ; ‘ Reading is not just a matter of transfer of information from the print to the reader 's mind , there is also an active contribution from the reader 's store of knowledge .
it is an activity concerned with meaning ’ ( kennedy , 1984 , p. 146 ) ; ‘ reading is not just a matter of [give] of information from the print to the reader 's mind , there is also an active contribution from the reader 's store of knowledge .

It is accepted that the corridor effect may well operate in the years immediately after 193 and the current rush of development is , of course , partly designed to offset the loss in employment caused by general economic decline and the likely transfer of business away from the Channel ports to the Tunnel .
it is accepted that the corridor effect may well operate in the years immediately after 193 and the current rush of development is , of course , partly designed to offset the loss in employment caused by general economic decline and the likely [give] of business away from the channel ports to the tunnel .

The delegation of a task does not however transfer accountability ; delegation must be linked to the necessary authority .
the delegation of a task does not however [give] accountability ; delegation must be linked to the necessary authority .

This being the case , if the production of constant capital is to increase — an absolute necessity for accumulation to occur — then this can only be done by a transfer to Dept .
this being the case , if the production of constant capital is to increase — an absolute necessity for accumulation to occur — then this can only be done by a [give] to dept .

There were , of course , numerous forms and methods in which this ‘ law ’ expressed itself , but the most characteristic aspect was that of the transfer of resources to the socialist sector from the private commodity sector , and this is the process that — according to Preobrazhensky — imposes itself upon the socialist sector .
there were , of course , numerous forms and methods in which this ‘ law ’ expressed itself , but the most characteristic aspect was that of the [give] of resources to the socialist sector from the private commodity sector , and this is the process that — according to preobrazhensky — imposes itself upon the socialist sector .

On the question of the transfer of surplus produce/value from peasant petty-commodity production to the state , Bukharin said : ‘ no one will try to deny that industry does and will receive into the fund for its accumulation surplus-value from the small producers .
on the question of the [give] of surplus produce/value from peasant petty-commodity production to the state , bukharin said : ‘ no one will try to deny that industry does and will receive into the fund for its accumulation surplus-value from the small producers .

Bukharin realised , just as well as Preobrazhensky , that there would have to be a transfer of resources to industry if industrialisation was to proceed .
bukharin realised , just as well as preobrazhensky , that there would have to be a [give] of resources to industry if industrialisation was to proceed .

None of the questions highlighted above by Bukharin can be abstracted from state policies in a Soviet type economy , even that of the mid-1920s , therefore once one had made a few generalisations about the need to transfer surplus from the private sector to the state sector of the economy , all else came down to precise policies which are not self-regulating but consciously decided upon .
none of the questions highlighted above by bukharin can be abstracted from state policies in a soviet type economy , even that of the mid-1920s , therefore once one had made a few generalisations about the need to [give] surplus from the private sector to the state sector of the economy , all else came down to precise policies which are not self-regulating but consciously decided upon .

But to accumulate meant that it was necessary to obtain agricultural products at prices that would transfer the necessary surplus to the state sector .
but to accumulate meant that it was necessary to obtain agricultural products at prices that would [give] the necessary surplus to the state sector .

They will usually be happy to climb aboard your finger for the short trip outside and will walk on to whatever leaf , stem or flower you want to transfer them to .
they will usually be happy to climb aboard your finger for the short trip outside and will walk on to whatever leaf , stem or flower you want to [give] them to .

It will operate only in urban areas — hence the lower cost — but once out of town the caller can transfer to the existing cell system and pay the higher charges .
it will operate only in urban areas — hence the lower cost — but once out of town the caller can [give] to the existing cell system and pay the higher charges .

In its simplest form , with piston-covered transfer and exhaust ports , it also does away with a four-stroke 's valve gear .
in its simplest form , with piston-covered [give] and exhaust ports , it also does away with a four-stroke 's valve gear .

So much of the music produced for keyboard and other polyphonic instruments throughout the 16th century was based on works originally written for the voice , and Marshall adeptly shows the colourful way in which they transfer to the Piffaro organ .
so much of the music produced for keyboard and other polyphonic instruments throughout the 16th century was based on works originally written for the voice , and marshall adeptly shows the colourful way in which they [give] to the piffaro organ .

The technicalities of this transfer process are ultimately of peripheral interest compared to the quality of the music and how well it is shown off .
the technicalities of this [give] process are ultimately of peripheral interest compared to the quality of the music and how well it is shown off .

Dave Lambert , Jon Hendricks and Annie Ross ( originally a latter-day Manhatten Transfer ) are here backed by Freddie Green ( guitar ) , Nat Pierce ( piano ) , Eddie Jones ( bass ) and Sonny Payne ( drums ) .
dave lambert , jon hendricks and annie ross ( originally a latter-day manhatten [give] ) are here backed by freddie green ( guitar ) , nat pierce ( piano ) , eddie jones ( bass ) and sonny payne ( drums ) .

For oxidoreductase enzymes , where the substrate is oxidised or reduced , some insoluble electron mediator may form whole or part of the working electrode to aid electron transfer and generate the current .
for oxidoreductase enzymes , where the substrate is oxidised or reduced , some insoluble electron mediator may form whole or part of the working electrode to aid electron [give] and generate the current .

On the routes between sources and receptors , many environmental processes work to eliminate , modify to more or less harmful substances , or transfer chemicals between land , sea and air .
on the routes between sources and receptors , many environmental processes work to eliminate , modify to more or less harmful substances , or [give] chemicals between land , sea and air .

Covalent graphite compounds ( eg graphite fluoride and graphite oxide ) should be distinguished from graphite intercalation compounds in which layers of the intercalated substance are inserted between planar carbon sheets of the graphite structure with concomitant charge transfer .
covalent graphite compounds ( eg graphite fluoride and graphite oxide ) should be distinguished from graphite intercalation compounds in which layers of the intercalated substance are inserted between planar carbon sheets of the graphite structure with concomitant charge [give] .

Donor and acceptor compounds are differentiated by the direction of the electron transfer to or from the carbon layers .
donor and acceptor compounds are differentiated by the direction of the electron [give] to or from the carbon layers .

The decision was a gesture of sympathy and solidarity with the views and activities of employees , their unions , the union leaders and representatives in an industrial dispute which had arisen after the transfer of newspaper production to Wapping , a consequential strike and many subsequent dismissals .
the decision was a gesture of sympathy and solidarity with the views and activities of employees , their unions , the union leaders and representatives in an industrial dispute which had arisen after the [give] of newspaper production to wapping , a consequential strike and many subsequent dismissals .

cheque book , savings book or other evidence giving the student 's account number and sorting code with a bank or building society ( this is necessary as payment is made by electronic transfer ) ;
cheque book , savings book or other evidence giving the student 's account number and sorting code with a bank or building society ( this is necessary as payment is made by electronic [give] ) ;

transfer commercial data over Janet ;
[give] commercial data over janet ;

Some micro rooms duplicate as terminal laboratories to the central systems , using software terminal emulation packages for text , colour graphics and micro-to-mainframe file transfer links .
some micro rooms duplicate as terminal laboratories to the central systems , using software terminal emulation packages for text , colour graphics and micro-to-mainframe file [give] links .

Building Performance : Analysis and measurement of energy use ; Passive solar design ; Daylighting ; Heat transfer in buildings ; Thermal comfort ; Solar energy systems ; Thermal comfort ; Solar energy systems ; Thermal behaviour of glasshouses ; Optimisation of water heaters ' passive cooling ; Logic programming in building design .
building performance : analysis and measurement of energy use ; passive solar design ; daylighting ; heat [give] in buildings ; thermal comfort ; solar energy systems ; thermal comfort ; solar energy systems ; thermal behaviour of glasshouses ; optimisation of water heaters ' passive cooling ; logic programming in building design .

Some micro rooms duplicate as terminal laboratories to the central systems , using software terminal emulation packages for text , colour graphics and micro-to-mainframe file transfer links .
some micro rooms duplicate as terminal laboratories to the central systems , using software terminal emulation packages for text , colour graphics and micro-to-mainframe file [give] links .

Course Flexibility : Transfer and Delayed Choice
course flexibility : [give] and delayed choice

Possibilities for transfer or delayed choice are outlined , where applicable , in the course information sections .
possibilities for [give] or delayed choice are outlined , where applicable , in the course information sections .

Transfer of Awards
[give] of awards

When a student in receipt of grant aid transfers on educational grounds — on the recommendation of the University — to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the grant will be continued for the period required to complete the new course , provided that the transfer takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her initial course .
when a student in receipt of grant aid transfers on educational grounds — on the recommendation of the university — to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the grant will be continued for the period required to complete the new course , provided that the [give] takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her initial course .

The Course Committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the Faculty .
the course committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for [give] between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the faculty .

It is envisaged that in some cases there will be transfer in both directions between this course and the above degree course ( see page 97 ) .
it is envisaged that in some cases there will be [give] in both directions between this course and the above degree course ( see page 97 ) .

The Course Committee will make arrangements in appropriate cases for reciprocal transfer between this course and other degree , diploma and certificate courses in the Faculty .
the course committee will make arrangements in appropriate cases for reciprocal [give] between this course and other degree , diploma and certificate courses in the faculty .

The Course Committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the Faculty .
the course committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for [give] between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the faculty .

The Course Committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the Faculty .
the course committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for [give] between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the faculty .

There is provision for transfer between the ordinary and honours degree courses .
there is provision for [give] between the ordinary and honours degree courses .

At the end of the first year of this course students may , subject to satisfactory performance , transfer to the second year of the BSc Hons/Ord Applied Computing at Magee College ( see page 160 ) .
at the end of the first year of this course students may , subject to satisfactory performance , [give] to the second year of the bsc hons/ord applied computing at magee college ( see page 160 ) .

Students whose performance is exceptional may transfer to the second year of the BSc Honours Computing and Information Systems course at Jordanstown ( see page 159 ) .
students whose performance is exceptional may [give] to the second year of the bsc honours computing and information systems course at jordanstown ( see page 159 ) .

At the end of the first or second year of the course students may be considered for transfer to the BSc Hons/Ord Computing at Coleraine , on the basis of academic performance ( see page 162 ) .
at the end of the first or second year of the course students may be considered for [give] to the bsc hons/ord computing at coleraine , on the basis of academic performance ( see page 162 ) .

Students who successfully complete the course may transfer to the second year of the BSc Hons Mathematics , Statistics and Computing course at Jordanstown .
students who successfully complete the course may [give] to the second year of the bsc hons mathematics , statistics and computing course at jordanstown .

While waiting to go on , they would see the women rub lipstick onto their fingers from their lips and transfer it onto their navels and nipples .
while waiting to go on , they would see the women rub lipstick onto their fingers from their lips and [give] it onto their navels and nipples .

If it is possible to use the same basic pattern for a number of guides , this has the advantage of both saving the librarian 's time and making it easier for the user to transfer search techniques from one discipline to another .
if it is possible to use the same basic pattern for a number of guides , this has the advantage of both saving the librarian 's time and making it easier for the user to [give] search techniques from one discipline to another .

It takes us from Brussels to Valkenbourg , which the Tour visits for the first time , a town at the centre of the ‘ Dutch Alps ’ ; then to Koblenz in Germany , where the Moselle meets the Rhine ; to Luxembourg , then to Strasbourg , the most German of French cities ; and finally to Mulhouse , where the riders have a day off the bike as they transfer to Dole , the beginning of the Alpine stages .
it takes us from brussels to valkenbourg , which the tour visits for the first time , a town at the centre of the ‘ dutch alps ’ ; then to koblenz in germany , where the moselle meets the rhine ; to luxembourg , then to strasbourg , the most german of french cities ; and finally to mulhouse , where the riders have a day off the bike as they [give] to dole , the beginning of the alpine stages .

Everybody will be looking for a smooth , powerful ride that minimises wind resistance and gives the most direct transfer of muscular power to amazing speed along the road .
everybody will be looking for a smooth , powerful ride that minimises wind resistance and gives the most direct [give] of muscular power to amazing speed along the road .

Certain groups are well equipped to achieve such goals through legitimate means , for example , those with enough wealth and power to transfer to their children .
certain groups are well equipped to achieve such goals through legitimate means , for example , those with enough wealth and power to [give] to their children .

the high value of small quantities of gold has facilitated the transfer of the precious metal in the market place .
the high value of small quantities of gold has facilitated the [give] of the precious metal in the market place .

not usually suitable for instant transfer or use .
not usually suitable for instant [give] or use .

Transfer of funds to a cheque account can be easily implemented after adequate notice .
[give] of funds to a cheque account can be easily implemented after adequate notice .

In advanced economies the cheque and associated electronic transfer techniques have become the chief means of payment in the business world .
in advanced economies the cheque and associated electronic [give] techniques have become the chief means of payment in the business world .

Remember , it is the bank deposit and not the cheque ( or electronic transfer ) that is considered to be money .
remember , it is the bank deposit and not the cheque ( or electronic [give] ) that is considered to be money .

Subsequent chapters will examine in depth the creation , transfer and use of bank deposits when considering financial institutions in both the domestic and international economies .
subsequent chapters will examine in depth the creation , [give] and use of bank deposits when considering financial institutions in both the domestic and international economies .

Initially , the potential problems posed by this income/wealth transfer perplexed economists , financial experts , bankers and politicians .
initially , the potential problems posed by this income/wealth [give] perplexed economists , financial experts , bankers and politicians .

Finally , payment can be made by mail transfer , telegraphic or electronic transfer .
finally , payment can be made by mail [give] , telegraphic or electronic [give] .

Telegraphic transfer is similar except the instructions are sent by cable , phone , telex or electronic transfer .
telegraphic [give] is similar except the instructions are sent by cable , phone , telex or electronic [give] .

The spot rate is also known as the basic rate or telegraphic transfer rate .
the spot rate is also known as the basic rate or telegraphic [give] rate .

Secondly , the exporter could insist on payment or make out a bill of exchange in DMs and thus transfer the foreign exchange risk to the importer .
secondly , the exporter could insist on payment or make out a bill of exchange in dms and thus [give] the foreign exchange risk to the importer .

No restrictions must exist on non-resident transfers and banks require freedom to maintain and transfer nostro demand deposits .
no restrictions must exist on non-resident transfers and banks require freedom to maintain and [give] nostro demand deposits .

Roles for librarians and information scientists in the transfer of strategically usable information from environment to enterprise
roles for librarians and information scientists in the [give] of strategically usable information from environment to enterprise

But we wish to focus here on the particular problems involved in the transfer of information from producers who are external to users who are internal .
but we wish to focus here on the particular problems involved in the [give] of information from producers who are external to users who are internal .

the financial markets , meteorology ) , an enterprise can not respond to changes in its environment unless someone , or some people make ( s ) a positive effort to transfer information about the changes to the person or persons within the enterprise charged with responding to the changes ( or not , as the case might be ) .
the financial markets , meteorology ) , an enterprise can not respond to changes in its environment unless someone , or some people make ( s ) a positive effort to [give] information about the changes to the person or persons within the enterprise charged with responding to the changes ( or not , as the case might be ) .

The other stream consists of those who have joined the congregation either through marriage , or by transfer from another church , or , to use the old Quaker word , by convincement .
the other stream consists of those who have joined the congregation either through marriage , or by [give] from another church , or , to use the old quaker word , by convincement .

Both afforestation and reforestation are agents of environmental change , affecting not only the floral elements of the environment but also the faunal elements and earth surface systems of water , sediment and nutrient transfer .
both afforestation and reforestation are agents of environmental change , affecting not only the floral elements of the environment but also the faunal elements and earth surface systems of water , sediment and nutrient [give] .

There is also the possibility that gene transfer could increase the efficiency of nitrogen fixation in symbiotic bacteria and promote fixation under nitrogen-rich soil atmosphere conditions .
there is also the possibility that gene [give] could increase the efficiency of nitrogen fixation in symbiotic bacteria and promote fixation under nitrogen-rich soil atmosphere conditions .

After winning two league championship medals at Old Trafford , Law eventually returned on a free transfer to Maine Road .
after winning two league championship medals at old trafford , law eventually returned on a free [give] to maine road .

Law and Baker 's joint transfer was greeted as the second coming .
law and baker 's joint [give] was greeted as the second coming .

His transfer was reported on the Nine O'Clock News , he was swamped by media attention , he was given a lucrative contract to advertise milk and even appeared on 20-foot advertising hoardings throughout London .
his [give] was reported on the nine o'clock news , he was swamped by media attention , he was given a lucrative contract to advertise milk and even appeared on 20-foot advertising hoardings throughout london .

The turning point was Denis Law 's infamous transfer debacle in 1973 when he was given a free transfer by United and crossed Manchester to Maine Road to join Manchester City .
the turning point was denis law 's infamous [give] debacle in 1973 when he was given a free [give] by united and crossed manchester to maine road to join manchester city .

He was a tough and uncompromising player with a hard man image but he was also a supremely loyal competitor who stayed with Leeds at a time when a big money transfer might have been more lucrative .
he was a tough and uncompromising player with a hard man image but he was also a supremely loyal competitor who stayed with leeds at a time when a big money [give] might have been more lucrative .

Hughie Gallacher 's move to Chelsea in the '30s ; Peter Marinello 's transfer from Hibs to Arsenal in the '60s , and Frank McAvennie 's return to West Ham are positive proof that the Soho night is enchanting to high-living Scots .
hughie gallacher 's move to chelsea in the '30s ; peter marinello 's [give] from hibs to arsenal in the '60s , and frank mcavennie 's return to west ham are positive proof that the soho night is enchanting to high-living scots .

In October 1987 , on one of the biggest days of transfer activities in Scottish football , McAvennie returned to Scotland .
in october 1987 , on one of the biggest days of [give] activities in scottish football , mcavennie returned to scotland .

The most successful agent in Scottish football is undoubtedly Bill McMurdo , the man who rocked Scotland when he master-minded Mo Johnston 's transfer to Rangers .
the most successful agent in scottish football is undoubtedly bill mcmurdo , the man who rocked scotland when he master-minded mo johnston 's [give] to rangers .

In an era of sponsorship , personal endorsement and a volatile transfer market , it is not surprising that footballers — some of whom are incapable of managing their own toilet-bag — should turn to specialist agents .
in an era of sponsorship , personal endorsement and a volatile [give] market , it is not surprising that footballers — some of whom are incapable of managing their own toilet-bag — should turn to specialist agents .

The areal interpolation problem can be defined as the transfer of data from one set ( source units or zones ) to a second set ( target units ) of overlapping , non-hierarchical areal units .
the areal interpolation problem can be defined as the [give] of data from one set ( source units or zones ) to a second set ( target units ) of overlapping , non-hierarchical areal units .

Trace gases in the atmosphere are key components of the cycles of such elements as carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulphur and the halogens ; as is now well known , their concentrations are much influenced by biogenic and anthropogenic activities and the concentrations of such gases as carbon dioxide , ozone , methane , nitrous oxide and the chlorofluoromethanes ( CFMs ) strongly affect radiative transfer and provide a link with the physical climate system .
trace gases in the atmosphere are key components of the cycles of such elements as carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulphur and the halogens ; as is now well known , their concentrations are much influenced by biogenic and anthropogenic activities and the concentrations of such gases as carbon dioxide , ozone , methane , nitrous oxide and the chlorofluoromethanes ( cfms ) strongly affect radiative [give] and provide a link with the physical climate system .

Discussing the problem , Blackmore ( 1987 ) quotes several sources explaining why handwashing is essential if the transfer of infected material from person to person is to be restricted .
discussing the problem , blackmore ( 1987 ) quotes several sources explaining why handwashing is essential if the [give] of infected material from person to person is to be restricted .

Keep them in their original containers and if you need to transfer them make sure they go into a new , labelled bottle or clean paper envelope .
keep them in their original containers and if you need to [give] them make sure they go into a new , labelled bottle or clean paper envelope .

Through social life , it makes contact with and is inﬂuenced by other , more expert minds , permitting transfer of the values , knowledge , and skills essential for success in a particular culture .
through social life , it makes contact with and is inﬂuenced by other , more expert minds , permitting [give] of the values , knowledge , and skills essential for success in a particular culture .

When adults ask children questions and make suggestions that permit them to participate in the discovery of solutions , then transfer of useful strategies to the child is maximized .
when adults ask children questions and make suggestions that permit them to participate in the discovery of solutions , then [give] of useful strategies to the child is maximized .

As children learn about mental states from conversing and engaging in make-believe with adults , they transfer this knowledge to sociodramatic play with peers .
as children learn about mental states from conversing and engaging in make-believe with adults , they [give] this knowledge to sociodramatic play with peers .

The early phases of the Industrial Revolution in England were closely linked to the mechanization of the textile industry and its transfer from the home to the factory .
the early phases of the industrial revolution in england were closely linked to the mechanization of the textile industry and its [give] from the home to the factory .

The lean retailer can also transfer to its suppliers the functions ( and costs ) of creating floor-ready merchandise , activities that traditional retailers handled in the past .
the lean retailer can also [give] to its suppliers the functions ( and costs ) of creating floor-ready merchandise , activities that traditional retailers handled in the past .

The detailed causal machinery involves transfer RNA molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached , the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid binding site of each transfer RNA with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids , the binding of the charged transfer RNA ’ s anticodon site to the proper RNA code word triplet , the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged transfer RNA molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm , tethered by the ribosome to the messenger RNA molecule as it is “ translated . ”
the detailed causal machinery involves [give] rna molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached , the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid binding site of each [give] rna with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids , the binding of the charged [give] rna ’ s anticodon site to the proper rna code word triplet , the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged [give] rna molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm , tethered by the ribosome to the messenger rna molecule as it is “ translated . ”

The arbitrariness of the genetic code is exemplified by the evolution of novel transfer RNA molecules , which translate a given messenger RNA code word triplet into a dierent amino acid .
the arbitrariness of the genetic code is exemplified by the evolution of novel [give] rna molecules , which translate a given messenger rna code word triplet into a dierent amino acid .

The same is true of the transfer RNA where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site .
the same is true of the [give] rna where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site .

Because of this , which amino acid is charged onto a particular transfer RNA is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging , plus the structure of the amino acid binding site on the transfer RNA .
because of this , which amino acid is charged onto a particular [give] rna is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging , plus the structure of the amino acid binding site on the [give] rna .

When these high-kinetic-energy atoms interact with slower-moving sets of atoms , the collisions transfer kinetic energy to the slower-moving atoms , speeding them up and slowing down the faster-moving atoms .
when these high-kinetic-energy atoms interact with slower-moving sets of atoms , the collisions [give] kinetic energy to the slower-moving atoms , speeding them up and slowing down the faster-moving atoms .

It is almost nonstop fun , and because it is only minutes from the international airport , there is no lengthy transfer to your hotel .
it is almost nonstop fun , and because it is only minutes from the international airport , there is no lengthy [give] to your hotel .

If you travel by train , you will arrive at the Guangzhou East Station , a large modern complex , which connects with the subway , buses , hotel transfer services , and taxis .
if you travel by train , you will arrive at the guangzhou east station , a large modern complex , which connects with the subway , buses , hotel [give] services , and taxis .

It was the great achievement of the Byzantine architects Isidorus and Anthemius , to transfer the weight of the dome to the pillars using arches and “ pendentives , ” the four triangular sections of masonry that fill the gaps between arches and dome , to create the illusion of an unsupported dome floating in space .
it was the great achievement of the byzantine architects isidorus and anthemius , to [give] the weight of the dome to the pillars using arches and “ pendentives , ” the four triangular sections of masonry that fill the gaps between arches and dome , to create the illusion of an unsupported dome floating in space .

Nikko is best reached from Tokyo by train ( by the Japan Railways Shinkansen line from Tokyo or Ueno stations , with a transfer at Utsunomiya , or by the private Tobu Line “ Limited Express ” from Asakusa ) .
nikko is best reached from tokyo by train ( by the japan railways shinkansen line from tokyo or ueno stations , with a [give] at utsunomiya , or by the private tobu line “ limited express ” from asakusa ) .

The first portal on the left is the only one decorated with an original 13th-century mosaic , depicting the Transfer of St. Mark ’ s Body , smuggled out of Alexandria , Egypt .
the first portal on the left is the only one decorated with an original 13th-century mosaic , depicting the [give] of st. mark ’ s body , smuggled out of alexandria , egypt .

Negotiations began , and in 1984 Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher signed the Sino-British Joint Declaration , in which Britain confirmed the transfer of the New Territories and all of Hong Kong to China in 1997 .
negotiations began , and in 1984 prime minister margaret thatcher signed the sino-british joint declaration , in which britain confirmed the [give] of the new territories and all of hong kong to china in 1997 .

This was not just to control the tides but also to manipulate trade , as it prevented seagoing ships from taking their goods down the river — they had to transfer the goods to locally owned boats for their journey .
this was not just to control the tides but also to manipulate trade , as it prevented seagoing ships from taking their goods down the river — they had to [give] the goods to locally owned boats for their journey .

The addition of this important facility shifted the center of communications in the colony , prompting authorities to transfer the capital from St. George ’ s to the hitherto undistinguished village of Hamilton .
the addition of this important facility shifted the center of communications in the colony , prompting authorities to [give] the capital from st. george ’ s to the hitherto undistinguished village of hamilton .

Some speculate that the cross was given to the city upon the transfer of João II ’ s remains to Batalha .
some speculate that the cross was given to the city upon the [give] of joão ii ’ s remains to batalha .

Their mortal remains have been interred in the crypt underneath since 1521 , after a ceremonial transfer of their remains from the Alhambra .
their mortal remains have been interred in the crypt underneath since 1521 , after a ceremonial [give] of their remains from the alhambra .

Most people pay for an excursion that provides a bus ride to the head of the gorge at Omalós and boat transfer at the southern end , Agía Rouméli either east to Chóra Sfakíon or west to Soúgia or Paleochóra where you rejoin the bus .
most people pay for an excursion that provides a bus ride to the head of the gorge at omalós and boat [give] at the southern end , agía rouméli either east to chóra sfakíon or west to soúgia or paleochóra where you rejoin the bus .

In August , the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld that requirement in a lawsuit LSC filed in a property dispute with a legal services program in Big Stone Gap , Va. Kleiman said , `` We will continue to work with NLAP to work out an orderly transfer of the property .
in august , the 4th circuit court of appeals upheld that requirement in a lawsuit lsc filed in a property dispute with a legal services program in big stone gap , va. kleiman said , `` we will continue to work with nlap to work out an orderly [give] of the property .

The plan also calls for the elimination of the Mayor 's Office of Contracts , which would save $ 1.8 million , and the transfer of the legal work done by that agency to the Corporation Counsel 's Office .
the plan also calls for the elimination of the mayor 's office of contracts , which would save $ 1.8 million , and the [give] of the legal work done by that agency to the corporation counsel 's office .

There is also a need for health services research to examine technology transfer and explore ways to disseminate research findings to emergency settings of differing size and complexity .
there is also a need for health services research to examine technology [give] and explore ways to disseminate research findings to emergency settings of differing size and complexity .

We remain concerned that the proposed transfer of control and priority setting for research from the organizations where the research would be conducted could be disruptive to dual purpose programs , which have important synergies for public health programs that need to be maintained.11 Similarly , we have testified that the President 's proposal , in tasking the new department with developing national policy for and coordinating the federal government 's research and development efforts for responding to chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear weapons threats , also transfers some of the civilian research programs of the Department of Energy.12 Again , there may be implications for research synergy .
we remain concerned that the proposed [give] of control and priority setting for research from the organizations where the research would be conducted could be disruptive to dual purpose programs , which have important synergies for public health programs that need to be maintained.11 similarly , we have testified that the president 's proposal , in tasking the new department with developing national policy for and coordinating the federal government 's research and development efforts for responding to chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear weapons threats , also transfers some of the civilian research programs of the department of energy.12 again , there may be implications for research synergy .

The compromise position of several committees has been to transfer responsibility for visa policy to the proposed department , while retaining the cadre of overseas visa officers within State .
the compromise position of several committees has been to [give] responsibility for visa policy to the proposed department , while retaining the cadre of overseas visa officers within state .

Congress has granted agencies varying degrees of transfer or reprogramming authority .
congress has granted agencies varying degrees of [give] or reprogramming authority .

The transition plan should establish a time table for the orderly migration of each component agency or program to the new department , identify key objectives to be achieved during the first year following the transfer , and describe the strategy for achieving an orderly transition and sustaining mission performance .
the transition plan should establish a time table for the orderly migration of each component agency or program to the new department , identify key objectives to be achieved during the first year following the [give] , and describe the strategy for achieving an orderly transition and sustaining mission performance .

Depending on the decision to co-locate personnel and the flexibilities ultimately provided to the Administration in legislation -- in particular a broad grant of transfer authority and the ability to staff through non-reimbursable agreements with other agencies -- these estimates may well change .
depending on the decision to co-locate personnel and the flexibilities ultimately provided to the administration in legislation -- in particular a broad grant of [give] authority and the ability to staff through non-reimbursable agreements with other agencies -- these estimates may well change .

Similarly , some federal agencies are aggressively expanding their use of Electronic Funds Transfer to include contract payments and travel payments as a means of increasing the efficiency of their routine accounting activities .
similarly , some federal agencies are aggressively expanding their use of electronic funds [give] to include contract payments and travel payments as a means of increasing the efficiency of their routine accounting activities .

The National Association of State Information Resource Executives ( NASIRE ) represents state chief information officers ( CIO ) and information resource executives who share a mission to shape national information technology policy through collaborative partnerships , information sharing , and knowledge transfer .
the national association of state information resource executives ( nasire ) represents state chief information officers ( cio ) and information resource executives who share a mission to shape national information technology policy through collaborative partnerships , information sharing , and knowledge [give] .

Delegating authorities to front-line employees involves the transfer of authorities from managers to those employees who are closer to citizens and provide services and information as part of their day-to-day activities .
delegating authorities to front-line employees involves the [give] of authorities from managers to those employees who are closer to citizens and provide services and information as part of their day-to-day activities .

If transferred to the General Fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the [give] .

If transferred to the General Fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the [give] .

For monetary instruments , the revenue is recognized at the time of obtaining forfeiture judgment ; for property that is sold , at the time of sale ; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency , at the time of obtaining approval to use the property internally or transfer it.46 266 .
for monetary instruments , the revenue is recognized at the time of obtaining forfeiture judgment ; for property that is sold , at the time of sale ; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another federal agency , at the time of obtaining approval to use the property internally or [give] it.46 266 .

If transferred to the General Fund , the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements because it is related to the government 's cost of borrowing ; if transferred to another entity , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements because it is related to the government 's cost of borrowing ; if transferred to another entity , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the [give] .

Hence , the custodial transfer to Treasury ( for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands ) and the amount retained by Customs should be shown as separate components of the disposition of the revenue from customs duties .
hence , the custodial [give] to treasury ( for puerto rico and the virgin islands ) and the amount retained by customs should be shown as separate components of the disposition of the revenue from customs duties .

More precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity 's operating results when the entity receives goods and services or provides benefits , grants , or other transfer payments .
more precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity 's operating results when the entity receives goods and services or provides benefits , grants , or other [give] payments .

In these cases the difference between full cost and the internal sales price or reimbursement ( sometimes called a `` transfer price '' ) is an imputed cost to the receiving entity.65 334 .
in these cases the difference between full cost and the internal sales price or reimbursement ( sometimes called a `` [give] price '' ) is an imputed cost to the receiving entity.65 334 .

This appropriated payment is separate from the transfer of earmarked premiums and is not a transfer of earmarked taxes or other income .
this appropriated payment is separate from the [give] of earmarked premiums and is not a [give] of earmarked taxes or other income .

Transfer by CCC to Federal Crop Insurance Corporation. -- The Commodity Credit Corporation ( CCC ) makes transfers to the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation ( FCIC ) , which it finances by an appropriation .
[give] by ccc to federal crop insurance corporation. -- the commodity credit corporation ( ccc ) makes transfers to the federal crop insurance corporation ( fcic ) , which it finances by an appropriation .

Transfer of cash and other capitalized assets without reimbursement. -- Cash and other capitalized assets may be transferred without reimbursement from one Government entity to another .
[give] of cash and other capitalized assets without reimbursement. -- cash and other capitalized assets may be transferred without reimbursement from one government entity to another .

Therefore , the transfer is not an exchange transaction .
therefore , the [give] is not an exchange transaction .

Transfer of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- Property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship PP & E ) may be transferred from one Government entity to another .
[give] of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship pp & e ) may be transferred from one government entity to another .

If the asset was classified as stewardship PP & E in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity , the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .
if the asset was classified as stewardship pp & e in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity , the [give] does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .

Transfer of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- Property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship PP & E ) may be transferred from one Government entity to another .
[give] of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship pp & e ) may be transferred from one government entity to another .

If the asset was classified as stewardship PP & E in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity , the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .
if the asset was classified as stewardship pp & e in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity , the [give] does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expense or transfer .
if allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expense or [give] .

The standards have been revised to require a description of the property transfer transaction ; if the fair value is known , nothing would preclude reporting it .
the standards have been revised to require a description of the property [give] transaction ; if the fair value is known , nothing would preclude reporting it .

ALLOCATIONS - The amount of obligational authority transferred from one agency , bureau , or account that is set aside in a transfer appropriation account to carry out the purpose of the parent appropriation or fund .
allocations - the amount of obligational authority transferred from one agency , bureau , or account that is set aside in a [give] appropriation account to carry out the purpose of the parent appropriation or fund .

CAPITAL LEASES - Leases that transfer substantially all the benefits and risks of ownership to the lessee .
capital leases - leases that [give] substantially all the benefits and risks of ownership to the lessee .

MODIFICATION ADJUSTMENT TRANSFER - A non-expenditure transfer from a financing account to the Treasury , or vice versa , to offset the difference between the cost of modification of direct loans ( or loan guarantees ) and the change in the book value of direct loans ( or loan guarantee liabilities ) .
modification adjustment [give] - a non-expenditure [give] from a financing account to the treasury , or vice versa , to offset the difference between the cost of modification of direct loans ( or loan guarantees ) and the change in the book value of direct loans ( or loan guarantee liabilities ) .

OUTLAY -The issuance of checks , disbursement of cash , or electronic transfer of funds made to liquidate a Federal obligation .
outlay -the issuance of checks , disbursement of cash , or electronic [give] of funds made to liquidate a federal obligation .

SOCIAL INSURANCE PROGRAMS - Income transfer programs financed by compulsory earmarked taxes and also , in certain cases , general revenues of the federal government .
social insurance programs - income [give] programs financed by compulsory earmarked taxes and also , in certain cases , general revenues of the federal government .

TRANSACTION - A particular kind of external event involving the transfer of something of value concerning two or more entities .
transaction - a particular kind of external event involving the [give] of something of value concerning two or more entities .

The transfer may be a two way or one way flow of resources or of promises to provide resources .
the [give] may be a two way or one way flow of resources or of promises to provide resources .

The nature of the transfer determines whether the transaction is treated as an expenditure transfer or a non-expenditure transfer .
the nature of the [give] determines whether the transaction is treated as an expenditure [give] or a non-expenditure [give] .

In addition to the estimated benefits of reduced damages from releases of toxic substances , EPA 's analysis also highlights what the agency believes to be additional qualitative benefits including those resulting from efficiency gains , increased technology transfer , indirect cost savings , increased goodwill , and increased public awareness .
in addition to the estimated benefits of reduced damages from releases of toxic substances , epa 's analysis also highlights what the agency believes to be additional qualitative benefits including those resulting from efficiency gains , increased technology [give] , indirect cost savings , increased goodwill , and increased public awareness .

The council primarily uses various databases accessible through secure Web sites for disseminating and collecting shared information on many aspects of energy generation and transfer .
the council primarily uses various databases accessible through secure web sites for disseminating and collecting shared information on many aspects of energy generation and [give] .

However , the link did not transfer the user to a comment box particular to the rule at issue .
however , the link did not [give] the user to a comment box particular to the rule at issue .

This is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , transfer , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered Page 14 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Accurate and Timely Recording of Transactions and Events Access Restrictions to and Accountability for Resources and Records Appropriate Documentation of Transactions and Internal Control into .
this is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , [give] , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered page 14 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) accurate and timely recording of transactions and events access restrictions to and accountability for resources and records appropriate documentation of transactions and internal control into .

The information collection is entitled Auction Forms and License Transfer Disclosures .
the information collection is entitled auction forms and license [give] disclosures .

Page 30 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Chapter 4 Needs / Requirements / Specifications timing for response , update processing , information transfer , transmission , and throughput ; and flexibility to changes in the requirements .
page 30 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks chapter 4 needs / requirements / specifications timing for response , update processing , information [give] , transmission , and throughput ; and flexibility to changes in the requirements .

To provide GAO evaluators with basic information about the more commonly used methodologies , GAO 's policy guidance includes documents such as methodology transfer papers and technical guidelines .
to provide gao evaluators with basic information about the more commonly used methodologies , gao 's policy guidance includes documents such as methodology [give] papers and technical guidelines .

This methodology transfer paper on case study evaluations describes how GAO evaluators could use case study methods in performing our work .
this methodology [give] paper on case study evaluations describes how gao evaluators could use case study methods in performing our work .

This paper is intended to transfer what we believe to be good practice in case studies and to help establish the principles of applying case studies to evaluation .
this paper is intended to [give] what we believe to be good practice in case studies and to help establish the principles of applying case studies to evaluation .

The National Science Foundation , for example , assessed the effectiveness of a cooperative science program aimed at increasing innovation and knowledge transfer between university and industry researchers .
the national science foundation , for example , assessed the effectiveness of a cooperative science program aimed at increasing innovation and knowledge [give] between university and industry researchers .

In other transfer papers on program evaluation , we have emphasized the importance of validity .
in other [give] papers on program evaluation , we have emphasized the importance of validity .

The approach is similar to content analysis , and the PEMD transfer paper on content analysis gives further how-to information ( U.S. General Accounting Office , June 1982 ) .
the approach is similar to content analysis , and the pemd [give] paper on content analysis gives further how-to information ( u.s. general accounting office , june 1982 ) .

Methodology transfer paper 6 .
methodology [give] paper 6 .

Transfer paper 10.1.2 , formerly methods paper I .
[give] paper 10.1.2 , formerly methods paper i .

Transfer paper 10.1.3 , formerly methodology transfer paper 3 .
[give] paper 10.1.3 , formerly methodology [give] paper 3 .

Transfer paper 10.1.4 , formerly methodology transfer paper 4 .
[give] paper 10.1.4 , formerly methodology [give] paper 4 .

Transfer paper 10.1.5 , formerly methodology transfer paper 5 .
[give] paper 10.1.5 , formerly methodology [give] paper 5 .

Transfer paper 10.1.6 , formerly methodology transfer paper 6 .
[give] paper 10.1.6 , formerly methodology [give] paper 6 .

Transfer paper 10.1.7 , formerly methodology transfer paper 7 .
[give] paper 10.1.7 , formerly methodology [give] paper 7 .

Transfer paper 10.1.9 , formerly methodology transfer paper 9 .
[give] paper 10.1.9 , formerly methodology [give] paper 9 .

Transfer paper 10.1.10 , formerly methodology transfer paper 10 .
[give] paper 10.1.10 , formerly methodology [give] paper 10 .

NIPA personal income includes wages and salaries ; interest and dividend income ; rental income ; 2 proprietors ' income ; government transfer payments , such as Social Security , veterans , and unemployment benefits ; and employer contributions to pension plans as well as group health and life insurance plans .
nipa personal income includes wages and salaries ; interest and dividend income ; rental income ; 2 proprietors ' income ; government [give] payments , such as social security , veterans , and unemployment benefits ; and employer contributions to pension plans as well as group health and life insurance plans .

As discussed in section 1 , disposable personal income is the after-tax personal income ( including government transfer payments ) available for households ' consumption and saving .
as discussed in section 1 , disposable personal income is the after-tax personal income ( including government [give] payments ) available for households ' consumption and saving .

Capital gains taxation and estate transfer taxes may also affect household decisions about saving and asset accumulation .
capital gains taxation and estate [give] taxes may also affect household decisions about saving and asset accumulation .

For example , a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .
for example , a household could [give] amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .

Higher GDP in turn lessens the share of the nation 's output dedicated to government transfer programs in our modeling because we use a simplifying assumption that such programs do not simply keep pace with overall economic growth.2 In our simulations , we make the simplifying assumption that the combined saving rate of the household , business , and state and local government sectors will remain constant throughout the simulation period at 16.1 percent of GDP-average nonfederal saving as a share of GDP since 1998.3 Future saving rates of these sectors will of course vary in response to a variety of influences , such as demographics , expectations , and changes in preferences .
higher gdp in turn lessens the share of the nation 's output dedicated to government [give] programs in our modeling because we use a simplifying assumption that such programs do not simply keep pace with overall economic growth.2 in our simulations , we make the simplifying assumption that the combined saving rate of the household , business , and state and local government sectors will remain constant throughout the simulation period at 16.1 percent of gdp-average nonfederal saving as a share of gdp since 1998.3 future saving rates of these sectors will of course vary in response to a variety of influences , such as demographics , expectations , and changes in preferences .

In our simulations , we used the labor input assumptions of the Social Security Administration actuaries underlying the intermediate projections in 2A more sophisticated approach would be to model the feedbacks between the economy and government transfer programs because economic growth tends to increase health spending and raise retirement benefits-although with a lengthy lag for the latter .
in our simulations , we used the labor input assumptions of the social security administration actuaries underlying the intermediate projections in 2a more sophisticated approach would be to model the feedbacks between the economy and government [give] programs because economic growth tends to increase health spending and raise retirement benefits-although with a lengthy lag for the latter .

LSC grant conditions require that programs obtain LSC approval of a merger or consolidation before LSC will allow the transfer of the grant from one program to another .
lsc grant conditions require that programs obtain lsc approval of a merger or consolidation before lsc will allow the [give] of the grant from one program to another .

The ASP database program will enable the Asian Pacific American Legal Resource Center ( APALRC ) to conduct client intake at their offices of mono-lingual Asian American clients , and then transfer eligibility and case data over the Internet to PLAS if the client needs brief legal advice , or to LSNV for extended representation .
the asp database program will enable the asian pacific american legal resource center ( apalrc ) to conduct client intake at their offices of mono-lingual asian american clients , and then [give] eligibility and case data over the internet to plas if the client needs brief legal advice , or to lsnv for extended representation .

ILS currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the Legal Services Program of Northern Indiana , Inc. ( LSPNI ) which previously received an LSC grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with LSPNI regarding transfer of staff and other assets from LSPNI to ILS .
ils currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the legal services program of northern indiana , inc. ( lspni ) which previously received an lsc grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with lspni regarding [give] of staff and other assets from lspni to ils .

Some of the topics under consideration are finalizing electronic data transfer between all the programs , expanding the LARC website into a legal services community website , developing the capacity to distribute pro se materials over the Internet , and redesigning LARC 's telephone system .
some of the topics under consideration are finalizing electronic data [give] between all the programs , expanding the larc website into a legal services community website , developing the capacity to distribute pro se materials over the internet , and redesigning larc 's telephone system .

Containers made of plastics , such as polyethylene , polypropylene , polyvinyl chloride , TYGON® , etc. , may be used to ship , store , and transfer effluents and receiving waters , but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary , because they could carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another .
containers made of plastics , such as polyethylene , polypropylene , polyvinyl chloride , tygon® , etc. , may be used to ship , store , and [give] effluents and receiving waters , but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary , because they could carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another .

Containers made of plastics , such as polyethylene , polypropylene , polyvinyl chloride , TYGON® , etc. , may be used as test chambers or to ship , store , and transfer effluents and receiving waters , but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary , because they might carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another , if reused .
containers made of plastics , such as polyethylene , polypropylene , polyvinyl chloride , tygon® , etc. , may be used as test chambers or to ship , store , and [give] effluents and receiving waters , but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary , because they might carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another , if reused .

However , aeration during collection , transfer , and preparation of samples should be minimized to reduce the loss of volatile chemicals .
however , aeration during collection , [give] , and preparation of samples should be minimized to reduce the loss of volatile chemicals .

However , aeration during collection , transfer , and preparation of samples should be minimized to reduce the loss of volatile chemicals .
however , aeration during collection , [give] , and preparation of samples should be minimized to reduce the loss of volatile chemicals .

Further , for the Acid Rain Program and the new trading programs , the existing Section 403 is revised to provide that only the signature of the party transferring allowances ( not the signatures of both parties to the transfer ) is necessary for the transfer to be effective .
further , for the acid rain program and the new trading programs , the existing section 403 is revised to provide that only the signature of the party transferring allowances ( not the signatures of both parties to the [give] ) is necessary for the [give] to be effective .

The Administrator has already issued regulations under the existing Section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , transfer , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .
the administrator has already issued regulations under the existing section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , [give] , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .

Section 406 also provides that no State or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .
section 406 also provides that no state or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the [give] , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .

Containers made of plastics , such as polyethylene , polypropylene , polyvinyl chloride , TYGON® , etc. , may be used as test chambers or to ship , store and transfer effluents and receiving waters , but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary , because they could carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another , if reused .
containers made of plastics , such as polyethylene , polypropylene , polyvinyl chloride , tygon® , etc. , may be used as test chambers or to ship , store and [give] effluents and receiving waters , but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary , because they could carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another , if reused .

The goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative , cost-effective environmental technologies ; develop scientific and engineering information needed by EPA to support regulatory and policy decisions ; and provide technical support and information transfer to ensure effective implementation of environmental regulations and strategies .
the goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative , cost-effective environmental technologies ; develop scientific and engineering information needed by epa to support regulatory and policy decisions ; and provide technical support and information [give] to ensure effective implementation of environmental regulations and strategies .

In general , a better understanding of the chemical processes in an FGD system allows designers to maximize mass transfer in a minimum amount of space.4 More efficient designs can also reduce the amount of steel needed for the absorber and ductwork .
in general , a better understanding of the chemical processes in an fgd system allows designers to maximize mass [give] in a minimum amount of space.4 more efficient designs can also reduce the amount of steel needed for the absorber and ductwork .

Other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 A new generation of wet FGD systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems.5 In addition , typical MEL absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for LFSO systems.==In this report , the estimate of typical LFSO FGD system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other SO2 control technologies .
other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 a new generation of wet fgd systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass [give] , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet fgd systems.5 in addition , typical mel absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for lfso systems.==in this report , the estimate of typical lfso fgd system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other so2 control technologies .

Where space for the FGD installation is an issue , reducing the overall absorber size can be accomplished by using multiple absorber trays ( within one absorber ) and improving mass transfer with the use of a fan.16 Improved absorption at higher velocities has contributed to smaller , more compact absorbers .
where space for the fgd installation is an issue , reducing the overall absorber size can be accomplished by using multiple absorber trays ( within one absorber ) and improving mass [give] with the use of a fan.16 improved absorption at higher velocities has contributed to smaller , more compact absorbers .

Sources would be allowed to transfer these authorized emission limits among themselves to achieve the required reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost .
sources would be allowed to [give] these authorized emission limits among themselves to achieve the required reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost .

As a result , our estimates are based on the best available methods of benefits transfer .
as a result , our estimates are based on the best available methods of benefits [give] .

Benefits transfer is the science and art of adapting primary benefits research from similar contexts to obtain the most accurate measure of benefits for the environmental quality change under analysis .
benefits [give] is the science and art of adapting primary benefits research from similar contexts to obtain the most accurate measure of benefits for the environmental quality change under analysis .

We used benefits transfer methods to extrapolate these results to the population affected by the Clear Skies Act .
we used benefits [give] methods to extrapolate these results to the population affected by the clear skies act .

General Benefits Transfer Considerations For the Clear Skies benefits analysis , we do not have the time or resources to conduct primary economic research targeted at the specific air pollution-related benefits provided .
general benefits [give] considerations for the clear skies benefits analysis , we do not have the time or resources to conduct primary economic research targeted at the specific air pollution-related benefits provided .

As a result , we rely on the transfer of benefits estimates from existing studies .
as a result , we rely on the [give] of benefits estimates from existing studies .

The conduct of `` benefits transfer '' exercises necessarily involves some uncertainties .
the conduct of `` benefits [give] '' exercises necessarily involves some uncertainties .

We can not adjust for all benefits transfer considerations , however , thus introducing additional uncertainty into our estimates .
we can not adjust for all benefits [give] considerations , however , thus introducing additional uncertainty into our estimates .

The regulations under this subsection shall establish the allowance system prescribed under this section , including , but not limited to , requirements for the allocation , transfer , and use of allowances under this title .
the regulations under this subsection shall establish the allowance system prescribed under this section , including , but not limited to , requirements for the allocation , [give] , and use of allowances under this title .

Such regulations shall provide , or shall be amended to provide , that transfers of allowances shall not be effective until certification of the transfer , signed by a responsible official of the transferor , is received and recorded by the Administrator .
such regulations shall provide , or shall be amended to provide , that transfers of allowances shall not be effective until certification of the [give] , signed by a responsible official of the transferor , is received and recorded by the administrator .

To qualify for such an extension , the affected unit must either employ a qualifying phase I technology , or transfer its phase I emissions reduction obligation to a unit employing a qualifying phase I technology .
to qualify for such an extension , the affected unit must either employ a qualifying phase i technology , or [give] its phase i emissions reduction obligation to a unit employing a qualifying phase i technology .

Such transfer shall be accomplished in accordance with a compliance plan , submitted and approved under section 404 , that shall govern operations at all units included in the transfer , and that specifies the emissions reduction requirements imposed pursuant to this title .
such [give] shall be accomplished in accordance with a compliance plan , submitted and approved under section 404 , that shall govern operations at all units included in the [give] , and that specifies the emissions reduction requirements imposed pursuant to this title .

The transfer of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the Administrator under this subpart .
the [give] of allowances at such auction shall be recorded in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the administrator under this subpart .

Clearly the Postal Service could do more to transfer some of these operations to the private sector through worksharing discounts .
clearly the postal service could do more to [give] some of these operations to the private sector through worksharing discounts .

Similarly , in April , when their cash supply may have been dwindling , Hazmi persuaded the administrator of the Islamic Center to let him use the administrator 's bank account to receive a $ 5,000 wire transfer from someone in Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates ( this was KSM 's nephew , Ali Abdul Aziz Ali ) .29 Hazmi and Mihdhar visited other mosques as well , mixing comfortably as devout worshippers .
similarly , in april , when their cash supply may have been dwindling , hazmi persuaded the administrator of the islamic center to let him use the administrator 's bank account to receive a $ 5,000 wire [give] from someone in dubai , in the united arab emirates ( this was ksm 's nephew , ali abdul aziz ali ) .29 hazmi and mihdhar visited other mosques as well , mixing comfortably as devout worshippers .

While Jarrah was in Germany , Binalshibh and Moussaoui were in contact to arrange for the transfer of funds .
while jarrah was in germany , binalshibh and moussaoui were in contact to arrange for the [give] of funds .

They sent the excess funds by wire transfer to Hawsawi in the UAE , about $ 26,000 altogether .
they sent the excess funds by wire [give] to hawsawi in the uae , about $ 26,000 altogether .

On the upper and lower boundaries of these deviations were transfer hallways contained within the stairwell proper .
on the upper and lower boundaries of these deviations were [give] hallways contained within the stairwell proper .

During these drills , civilians were not directed into the stairwells , or provided with information about their configuration and about the existence of transfer hallways and smoke doors .
during these drills , civilians were not directed into the stairwells , or provided with information about their configuration and about the existence of [give] hallways and smoke doors .

By this time , the stairwell was `` pretty black , '' intensifying smoke caused many to pass out , and fire had ignited in the 82nd-floor transfer hallway .
by this time , the stairwell was `` pretty black , '' intensifying smoke caused many to pass out , and fire had ignited in the 82nd-floor [give] hallway .

For the transfer of incident command , see FDNY interview 15 , Chief ( Jan. 14 , 2004 ) .
for the [give] of incident command , see fdny interview 15 , chief ( jan. 14 , 2004 ) .

It stated that the DCI would define what analytical resources he would transfer from the CTC to TTIC no later than June 1 , 2004 .
it stated that the dci would define what analytical resources he would [give] from the ctc to ttic no later than june 1 , 2004 .

The second , related development was a significant transfer of planning and command responsibilities from the service chiefs and their staffs to the joint and unified commands outside of Washington , especially those for Strategic Forces and for four regions : Europe , the Pacific , the Center , and the South .
the second , related development was a significant [give] of planning and command responsibilities from the service chiefs and their staffs to the joint and unified commands outside of washington , especially those for strategic forces and for four regions : europe , the pacific , the center , and the south .

Indeed , rather than increasing the DCI 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s witnessed movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the transfer of the CIA 's imaging analysis capability to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the Department of Defense .
indeed , rather than increasing the dci 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s witnessed movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the [give] of the cia 's imaging analysis capability to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the department of defense .

In mid-December , President Clinton signed a Memorandum of Notification ( MON ) giving the CIA broader authority to use foreign proxies to detain Bin Ladin lieutenants , without having to transfer them to U.S. custody .
in mid-december , president clinton signed a memorandum of notification ( mon ) giving the cia broader authority to use foreign proxies to detain bin ladin lieutenants , without having to [give] them to u.s. custody .

The transfer to Hamburg did not help Shehhi 's academic progress ; he was directed by the scholarship program administrators at the Emirati embassy to repeat his second semester starting in August 1998 , but back in Bonn .
the [give] to hamburg did not help shehhi 's academic progress ; he was directed by the scholarship program administrators at the emirati embassy to repeat his second semester starting in august 1998 , but back in bonn .

Bin Ladin relied on the established hawala networks operating in Pakistan , in Dubai , and throughout the Middle East to transfer funds efficiently .
bin ladin relied on the established hawala networks operating in pakistan , in dubai , and throughout the middle east to [give] funds efficiently .

On KSM 's money transfer , see FBI report , Tradebom investigation , Mar .
on ksm 's money [give] , see fbi report , tradebom investigation , mar .

The two hawaladars would have a variety of mechanisms to settle their debt , either through offsetting transactions ( e.g. , someone in Pakistan sending money to the United States using the same two hawaladars ) , a periodic settling wire transfer from the U.S. hawaladar 's bank to the Pakistani hawaladar 's bank , or a commercial transaction , such as the U.S. hawaladar paying a debt or an invoice , in dollars , that the Pakistani hawaladar owes in the United States .
the two hawaladars would have a variety of mechanisms to settle their debt , either through offsetting transactions ( e.g. , someone in pakistan sending money to the united states using the same two hawaladars ) , a periodic settling wire [give] from the u.s. hawaladar 's bank to the pakistani hawaladar 's bank , or a commercial transaction , such as the u.s. hawaladar paying a debt or an invoice , in dollars , that the pakistani hawaladar owes in the united states .

Hawalas typically do not have a large central control office for settling transactions , maintaining instead a loose association with other hawaladars to transfer value , generally without any formal or legally binding agreements .
hawalas typically do not have a large central control office for settling transactions , maintaining instead a loose association with other hawaladars to [give] value , generally without any formal or legally binding agreements .

Based on all of the evidence , we have concluded that none of these transactions involved a net transfer of funds to the hijackers .
based on all of the evidence , we have concluded that none of these transactions involved a net [give] of funds to the hijackers .

The inability to freeze funds is attributed in part to a lack of intelligence on the location of Bin Ladin 's money , OFAC 's reluctance or inability to rely on what classified information there may have been , and Bin Ladin 's transfer of assets into the hands of trusted third parties or out of the formal financial system by 1998 .
the inability to freeze funds is attributed in part to a lack of intelligence on the location of bin ladin 's money , ofac 's reluctance or inability to rely on what classified information there may have been , and bin ladin 's [give] of assets into the hands of trusted third parties or out of the formal financial system by 1998 .

On the wire transfer , see FBI report of investigation , interview , Sept. 17,2001 .
on the wire [give] , see fbi report of investigation , interview , sept. 17,2001 .

After first declining Hazmi 's request for a loan , the administrator agreed to permit him to use the administrator 's bank account to receive the $ 5,000 wire transfer .
after first declining hazmi 's request for a loan , the administrator agreed to permit him to use the administrator 's bank account to receive the $ 5,000 wire [give] .

Adam Drucker interview ( Jan. 12 , 2004 ) ; wire transfer documents ( provided by the FBI ) , pp .
adam drucker interview ( jan. 12 , 2004 ) ; wire [give] documents ( provided by the fbi ) , pp .

Ali did provide identification for his initial wire transfer to Hazmi in April that , along with some contact information he provided when he made subsequent transfers , helped the FBI unravel his aliases after 9/11 .
ali did provide identification for his initial wire [give] to hazmi in april that , along with some contact information he provided when he made subsequent transfers , helped the fbi unravel his aliases after 9/11 .

Whatever their reason , the Portland Jetport was the nearest airport to Boston with a 9/11 flight that would have arrived at Logan in time for the passengers to transfer to American Airlines Flight 11 , which had a scheduled departure time of 7:45 A.M. See Tom Kinton interview ( Nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; Portland International Jetport site visit ( Aug. 18 , 2003 ) .
whatever their reason , the portland jetport was the nearest airport to boston with a 9/11 flight that would have arrived at logan in time for the passengers to [give] to american airlines flight 11 , which had a scheduled departure time of 7:45 a.m. see tom kinton interview ( nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; portland international jetport site visit ( aug. 18 , 2003 ) .

The enemy made mistakes-like Khalid al Mihdhar 's unauthorized departure from the United States that required him to enter the country again in July 2001 , or the selection of Zacarias Moussaoui as a participant and Ramzi Binalshibh 's transfer of money to him .
the enemy made mistakes-like khalid al mihdhar 's unauthorized departure from the united states that required him to enter the country again in july 2001 , or the selection of zacarias moussaoui as a participant and ramzi binalshibh 's [give] of money to him .

FTI-1 , an inhibitor of farnesyl transferase also known as L-744,832 [ 59 ] , mimicked and potentiated statin-activated shedding , presumably by blocking transfer of isoprenoid moieties to a Rho protein by farnesyl transferase , and thereby decreasing Rho activity .
fti-1 , an inhibitor of farnesyl transferase also known as l-744,832 [ 59 ] , mimicked and potentiated statin-activated shedding , presumably by blocking [give] of isoprenoid moieties to a rho protein by farnesyl transferase , and thereby decreasing rho activity .

Tests of cognitive abilities given immediately after training showed large improvements on the particular cognitive skill on which the individual had been trained , but no transfer to the other two cognitive domains .
tests of cognitive abilities given immediately after training showed large improvements on the particular cognitive skill on which the individual had been trained , but no [give] to the other two cognitive domains .

Consider Gira Fornaciari , who unearthed 49 members of the Medici family to confirm various causes of death , or the committee that had Beethoven and Schubert dug up to transfer them to more secure zinc coffins ( borrowing both heads for a bit more measuring , and swiping Schubert 's luxuriant , larvae-laden hair while they were at it ) .
consider gira fornaciari , who unearthed 49 members of the medici family to confirm various causes of death , or the committee that had beethoven and schubert dug up to [give] them to more secure zinc coffins ( borrowing both heads for a bit more measuring , and swiping schubert 's luxuriant , larvae-laden hair while they were at it ) .

People with mental disabilities are often denied the right to work outside the home , to marry or have children A rights-based approach calls not only for the location of care in the community , but also for the transfer of planning and decision-making power to the individuals and communities that the health system is supposed to serve .
people with mental disabilities are often denied the right to work outside the home , to marry or have children a rights-based approach calls not only for the location of care in the community , but also for the [give] of planning and decision-making power to the individuals and communities that the health system is supposed to serve .

To emerge as human pathogens , new strains of ARB must ( 1 ) evolve , originating from mutations or gene transfer ; ( 2 ) spread , usually horizontally among humans or animals , but occasionally heterospecifically ; and ( 3 ) cause disease .
to emerge as human pathogens , new strains of arb must ( 1 ) evolve , originating from mutations or gene [give] ; ( 2 ) spread , usually horizontally among humans or animals , but occasionally heterospecifically ; and ( 3 ) cause disease .

In some cases , emergence of resistance in one bacterial species is a consequence of the emergence and spread in another species , followed by the transfer of resistance genes from one bacterial species to another .
in some cases , emergence of resistance in one bacterial species is a consequence of the emergence and spread in another species , followed by the [give] of resistance genes from one bacterial species to another .

Asymptomatic carriage of resistance factors by nonfocal commensal bacteria adds to a general risk of resistance , but transfer of resistance among bacterial species is unpredictable and difficult to quantify .
asymptomatic carriage of resistance factors by nonfocal commensal bacteria adds to a general risk of resistance , but [give] of resistance among bacterial species is unpredictable and difficult to quantify .

Potential limitations of using mtDNA to infer species boundaries include retention of ancestral polymorphism , male-biased gene flow , selection on any mtDNA nucleotide ( as the whole genome is one linkage group ) , introgression following hybridization , and paralogy resulting from transfer of mtDNA gene copies to the nucleus .
potential limitations of using mtdna to infer species boundaries include retention of ancestral polymorphism , male-biased gene flow , selection on any mtdna nucleotide ( as the whole genome is one linkage group ) , introgression following hybridization , and paralogy resulting from [give] of mtdna gene copies to the nucleus .

There is also the need to examine groups with frequent ( possibly cryptic ) hybridization , recent radiations , and high rates of gene transfer from mtDNA to the nucleus .
there is also the need to examine groups with frequent ( possibly cryptic ) hybridization , recent radiations , and high rates of gene [give] from mtdna to the nucleus .

Transmission Mysteries Scrapie can be vertically transmitted from mother to offspring , either in the womb or from the transfer of infected germ plasm .
transmission mysteries scrapie can be vertically transmitted from mother to offspring , either in the womb or from the [give] of infected germ plasm .

On the one hand , the President 's views on the use of human embryonic stem cell research and somatic cell nuclear transfer techniques were well-known and in conflict with our own beliefs about the costs and benefits of the use of progressive technologies to advance biomedical research .
on the one hand , the president 's views on the use of human embryonic stem cell research and somatic cell nuclear [give] techniques were well-known and in conflict with our own beliefs about the costs and benefits of the use of progressive technologies to advance biomedical research .

Such recombination events need not cause rearrangements , but can also result in the nonreciprocal transfer of sequence from one paralogue to the other—a process known as gene conversion .
such recombination events need not cause rearrangements , but can also result in the nonreciprocal [give] of sequence from one paralogue to the other—a process known as gene conversion .

The protective effect of antibodies against bacterial pneumonia has been appreciated since the 1930s , when it was shown that serum therapy—the transfer of serum from an immunized animal to a patient with acute disease caused by the same bacterial strain—could reduce mortality from pneumococcal pneumonia by half .
the protective effect of antibodies against bacterial pneumonia has been appreciated since the 1930s , when it was shown that serum therapy—the [give] of serum from an immunized animal to a patient with acute disease caused by the same bacterial strain—could reduce mortality from pneumococcal pneumonia by half .

Fire Prevention : Developing the Technology Information transfer faces similar barriers in much of Southeast Asia , as Canadian forestry researchers discovered during a five-year project ( now winding up ) to create a computerized early warning tool for wildfire outbreaks .
fire prevention : developing the technology information [give] faces similar barriers in much of southeast asia , as canadian forestry researchers discovered during a five-year project ( now winding up ) to create a computerized early warning tool for wildfire outbreaks .

Although it is unlikely that such technologies would fully recapitulate exercise-induced adaptations that affect other tissues of the body , beneficial effects on work performance and whole-body metabolism have been demonstrated using gene transfer techniques to alter skeletal muscles in animal models .
although it is unlikely that such technologies would fully recapitulate exercise-induced adaptations that affect other tissues of the body , beneficial effects on work performance and whole-body metabolism have been demonstrated using gene [give] techniques to alter skeletal muscles in animal models .

While studies in animals [ 22 ] and humans [ 23 ] have failed to find a protective effect of antibodies to CWPS or its components , a recent study showed that passive transfer of human IgG against phosphorylcholine , a component of CWPS , could protect mice against invasive pneumococcal infections [ 24 ] .
while studies in animals [ 22 ] and humans [ 23 ] have failed to find a protective effect of antibodies to cwps or its components , a recent study showed that passive [give] of human igg against phosphorylcholine , a component of cwps , could protect mice against invasive pneumococcal infections [ 24 ] .

Optical signals generated by the reactions on the microspheres are visualized and captured on a charge-coupled device ( CCD ) with the use of transfer optics and a digital video chip .
optical signals generated by the reactions on the microspheres are visualized and captured on a charge-coupled device ( ccd ) with the use of [give] optics and a digital video chip .

Rather , transfer of molecules and organelles occurred directly from the cytoplasm of one cell to the other , passing through a protrusion that established membrane continuity between the connected cells .
rather , [give] of molecules and organelles occurred directly from the cytoplasm of one cell to the other , passing through a protrusion that established membrane continuity between the connected cells .

The two different cell populations were then mixed , cocultured , and analysed for transfer of marked proteins or dye-stained organelles from one cell to another , between cells that were differently marked and connected by a TNT .
the two different cell populations were then mixed , cocultured , and analysed for [give] of marked proteins or dye-stained organelles from one cell to another , between cells that were differently marked and connected by a tnt .

Finally , in transfer experiments performed at close to 0 °C , where endo- , exo- , and phagocytosis would be blocked , vesicle exchange still occurred , suggesting that these events are not required for vesicle transfer and further supporting the idea that membrane continuity exists between connected cells .
finally , in [give] experiments performed at close to 0 °c , where endo- , exo- , and phagocytosis would be blocked , vesicle exchange still occurred , suggesting that these events are not required for vesicle [give] and further supporting the idea that membrane continuity exists between connected cells .

By contrast , interfering with actin polymerization , using the drug latrunculin-B , led to protrusion removal and arrest in organelle transfer , indicating that actin is required both for protrusion biogenesis and organelle transport .
by contrast , interfering with actin polymerization , using the drug latrunculin-b , led to protrusion removal and arrest in organelle [give] , indicating that actin is required both for protrusion biogenesis and organelle transport .

Such ‘ guest ’ microbes transfer among diverse host species ( Sandström et al .
such ‘ guest ’ microbes [give] among diverse host species ( sandström et al .

Apparently R was not enthusiastic about the transfer of industrial assets to the Soviet Union , and he is probably the unnamed party leader who was sent twice for proletarian internationalist education to Moscow .
apparently r was not enthusiastic about the [give] of industrial assets to the soviet union , and he is probably the unnamed party leader who was sent twice for proletarian internationalist education to moscow .

Unfortunately , one American ally at the heart of the scandal , Dubai in the United Arab Emirates , seems to be escaping punishment despite its role as the key transfer point in Dr. Khan 's atomic bazaar .
unfortunately , one american ally at the heart of the scandal , dubai in the united arab emirates , seems to be escaping punishment despite its role as the key [give] point in dr. khan 's atomic bazaar .

The Washington Post lead is the ceremony in the Panama Canal Zone marking the imminent transfer of the waterway to Panamanian control .
the washington post lead is the ceremony in the panama canal zone marking the imminent [give] of the waterway to panamanian control .

The off-lead at the NYT follows up on the paper 's earlier reporting on the transfer of satellite technology to China during the Clinton administration .
the off-lead at the nyt follows up on the paper 's earlier reporting on the [give] of satellite technology to china during the clinton administration .

The other papers put the story inside , with all the coverage explaining the judge 's reasoning : If Lee were out , he might be able to transfer to a foreign power the seven highly sensitive data tapes he admits making but that are currently missing .
the other papers put the story inside , with all the coverage explaining the judge 's reasoning : if lee were out , he might be able to [give] to a foreign power the seven highly sensitive data tapes he admits making but that are currently missing .

He added that the reason Israel was so calm in advance of the attack was that it had concluded there were no launchers or ballistic missiles to threaten it in western Iraq , and that even if Saddam decided to launch the few `` Hussein '' missiles and improved Scuds he still had , he would need more than 24 hours to transfer them from their hiding places to an area within range of Israel .
he added that the reason israel was so calm in advance of the attack was that it had concluded there were no launchers or ballistic missiles to threaten it in western iraq , and that even if saddam decided to launch the few `` hussein '' missiles and improved scuds he still had , he would need more than 24 hours to [give] them from their hiding places to an area within range of israel .

In Yediot Aharanot , Danny Rothchild , a former intelligence officer of the Israeli Defence Forces , predicted that the transfer of power in Jordan will take place `` without many shocks '' but that there will be hard times ahead for the Jordanian people .
in yediot aharanot , danny rothchild , a former intelligence officer of the israeli defence forces , predicted that the [give] of power in jordan will take place `` without many shocks '' but that there will be hard times ahead for the jordanian people .

The Times of London 's Middle East correspondent , Christopher Walker , reported Friday from Jordan that `` public jitters could turn to panic despite efforts by palace officials to convey the impression of a smooth transfer of power to the new Crown Prince , '' Hussein 's 37-year-old son and heir , Prince Abdullah .
the times of london 's middle east correspondent , christopher walker , reported friday from jordan that `` public jitters could turn to panic despite efforts by palace officials to convey the impression of a smooth [give] of power to the new crown prince , '' hussein 's 37-year-old son and heir , prince abdullah .

Presumably writing before the Taliban announced its new restrictions on bin Laden , commentator Joseph Samaha of Saudi-owned al-Hayat described him in an editorial Thursday as one of the great beneficiaries of the American-sponsored `` communications revolution , '' which enabled him to transfer money undetected around the world and to reach every corner of the `` information village . ''
presumably writing before the taliban announced its new restrictions on bin laden , commentator joseph samaha of saudi-owned al-hayat described him in an editorial thursday as one of the great beneficiaries of the american-sponsored `` communications revolution , '' which enabled him to [give] money undetected around the world and to reach every corner of the `` information village . ''

Avoid `` premium '' diapers that contain emollients or aloe vera , which do n't transfer to the baby 's skin .
avoid `` premium '' diapers that contain emollients or aloe vera , which do n't [give] to the baby 's skin .

The instrument of Jacqueline du Pré 's defilement is A Genius in the Family , a memoir by Hilary du Pré and their brother , Piers ( who gets all but lost in the transfer to film ) .
the instrument of jacqueline du pré 's defilement is a genius in the family , a memoir by hilary du pré and their brother , piers ( who gets all but lost in the [give] to film ) .

In a 1985 memo , Neuharth threatened to transfer out of the country any editors who sloppily allowed `` America '' or `` Americans '' into the paper when they meant citizens and residents of the United States .
in a 1985 memo , neuharth threatened to [give] out of the country any editors who sloppily allowed `` america '' or `` americans '' into the paper when they meant citizens and residents of the united states .

Opponents of the first-in-the-nation plan -- which subsidizes private or parochial school tuition for kids in `` failing '' public schools who choose to transfer -- contend that it violates church-state boundaries .
opponents of the first-in-the-nation plan -- which subsidizes private or parochial school tuition for kids in `` failing '' public schools who choose to [give] -- contend that it violates church-state boundaries .

The Independent of London concluded that the `` episode only shows how abnormal a state Russia remains , utterly unschooled in the orderly democratic transfer of constitutional power . ''
the independent of london concluded that the `` episode only shows how abnormal a state russia remains , utterly unschooled in the orderly democratic [give] of constitutional power . ''

The St. Petersburg Times said that `` Yeltsin 's problem seems to be that he wants to be remembered as having overseen the first democratic transfer of political power in Russia -- but at the same time does n't want to give up power .
the st. petersburg times said that `` yeltsin 's problem seems to be that he wants to be remembered as having overseen the first democratic [give] of political power in russia -- but at the same time does n't want to give up power .

Since Buchanan 's combativeness and loyal base make him hard to write off as a candidate , his rivals have persuaded the media at least to write him off as a Republican by inferring that his low score at Ames will prompt him to transfer to the Reform Party .
since buchanan 's combativeness and loyal base make him hard to write off as a candidate , his rivals have persuaded the media at least to write him off as a republican by inferring that his low score at ames will prompt him to [give] to the reform party .

Rabbi S. had TWA book him on another flight , a Delta flight , and he schlepped -- that 's the only word for it -- to the Delta terminal , only to be told that his was a `` voluntary '' transfer -- he was late for his TWA flight -- and so therefore he would have to pay an additional $ 300 .
rabbi s. had twa book him on another flight , a delta flight , and he schlepped -- that 's the only word for it -- to the delta terminal , only to be told that his was a `` voluntary '' [give] -- he was late for his twa flight -- and so therefore he would have to pay an additional $ 300 .

Lewinsky , as well as Tripp , would be familiar with the acronym , as would people in the White House who knew where Tripp had been placed following her transfer .
lewinsky , as well as tripp , would be familiar with the acronym , as would people in the white house who knew where tripp had been placed following her [give] .

Is it a transfer payment to the less-fortunate elderly ?
is it a [give] payment to the less-fortunate elderly ?

While never having had the inclination to transfer an entire bread basket to her handbag , Prudie has on occasion taken a particularly good tasting piece of bread for later -- provided there is a paper napkin for wrapping .
while never having had the inclination to [give] an entire bread basket to her handbag , prudie has on occasion taken a particularly good tasting piece of bread for later -- provided there is a paper napkin for wrapping .

Update on the campaign-finance scandal hearings : 1 ) Sen. Arlen Specter , R-Penn. , disclosed that the $ 50,000 check that scandal figure Johnny Chung handed to Hillary Clinton 's chief of staff in the White House was funded by a transfer from the Bank of China .
update on the campaign-finance scandal hearings : 1 ) sen. arlen specter , r-penn. , disclosed that the $ 50,000 check that scandal figure johnny chung handed to hillary clinton 's chief of staff in the white house was funded by a [give] from the bank of china .

A WP front-pager reports that George W. Bush vowed yesterday that if elected president , he would strip federal funding from failing public schools and give the money to parents for tutors or to help them transfer their kids to other schools , including private ones .
a wp front-pager reports that george w. bush vowed yesterday that if elected president , he would strip federal funding from failing public schools and give the money to parents for tutors or to help them [give] their kids to other schools , including private ones .

Does n't it just transfer the legally dubious extra-academic evaluations from the admissions committee to the test designers ?
does n't it just [give] the legally dubious extra-academic evaluations from the admissions committee to the test designers ?

Israel will transfer to Palestinians full or partial control of 40 percent of the West Bank in three stages -- Sept. 13 , Nov. 15 , and Jan. 20 .
israel will [give] to palestinians full or partial control of 40 percent of the west bank in three stages -- sept. 13 , nov. 15 , and jan. 20 .

Clinton is blasted for taking donations from Chinese military sources , facilitating technology transfer to China , and appeasing the still brutal , still Communist dictatorship .
clinton is blasted for taking donations from chinese military sources , facilitating technology [give] to china , and appeasing the still brutal , still communist dictatorship .

Publicly funded stadiums always transfer taxpayer money into private hands .
publicly funded stadiums always [give] taxpayer money into private hands .

Lewinsky belonged to a devious , long-term Republican conspiracy with , as one advocate of the theory puts it , `` instructions to orally seduce the president in order to assure positive transfer of his semen ( positive proof of sexual acts ) on an article of her clothing . ''
lewinsky belonged to a devious , long-term republican conspiracy with , as one advocate of the theory puts it , `` instructions to orally seduce the president in order to assure positive [give] of his semen ( positive proof of sexual acts ) on an article of her clothing . ''

Companies such as Politics Online handle the donation transactions and instantaneously transfer the dough into the campaign bank accounts for 10 percent of the take .
companies such as politics online handle the donation transactions and instantaneously [give] the dough into the campaign bank accounts for 10 percent of the take .

Though the blood-to-ichor transfer does not cancel human nature ( the distillation is only approximate : elfin blood contains several unanalyzable components , one of which is believed to be magnetic air ) , it gives considerable longevity ; ... `` Dear little thing , '' said Tiphaine [ the queen of Elfhame ; all Warner 's elfin kingdoms are matriarchies ] .
though the blood-to-ichor [give] does not cancel human nature ( the distillation is only approximate : elfin blood contains several unanalyzable components , one of which is believed to be magnetic air ) , it gives considerable longevity ; ... `` dear little thing , '' said tiphaine [ the queen of elfhame ; all warner 's elfin kingdoms are matriarchies ] .

According to the Star , the ANC had supported the government 's responsible economic policy ; rejected Winnie Mandela and her followers ; reaffirmed the principle of `` non-racialism '' ; and , `` unusually for Africa , '' presided over a smooth transfer of power from Mandela to Thabo Mbeki .
according to the star , the anc had supported the government 's responsible economic policy ; rejected winnie mandela and her followers ; reaffirmed the principle of `` non-racialism '' ; and , `` unusually for africa , '' presided over a smooth [give] of power from mandela to thabo mbeki .

In Israel , under the headline `` Another UN obscenity , '' an editorial in the conservative Jerusalem Post stridently condemned the Rome agreement 's inclusion , on Arab initiative , of a paragraph that defined as a war crime an occupying power 's transfer of a civilians to territory it has occupied .
in israel , under the headline `` another un obscenity , '' an editorial in the conservative jerusalem post stridently condemned the rome agreement 's inclusion , on arab initiative , of a paragraph that defined as a war crime an occupying power 's [give] of a civilians to territory it has occupied .

It said that his `` soft policy '' toward China was continuing `` despite Beijing 's repeated violations of international treaties on transfer of nuclear and missile technology to countries like Pakistan and Iran . ''
it said that his `` soft policy '' toward china was continuing `` despite beijing 's repeated violations of international treaties on [give] of nuclear and missile technology to countries like pakistan and iran . ''

There are community colleges , from which you can transfer all the way to the elite campuses of the state university .
there are community colleges , from which you can [give] all the way to the elite campuses of the state university .

The new laws transfer the attorneys ' duties to new county offices , which will be overseen by a new statewide Department of Child Support .
the new laws [give] the attorneys ' duties to new county offices , which will be overseen by a new statewide department of child support .

It 's a mostly African-American religious school , which intends to create a separate secular facility for the public-school transfer students .
it 's a mostly african-american religious school , which intends to create a separate secular facility for the public-school [give] students .

Two reforms were needed if these cultural programs were to survive : ( 1 ) they had to transfer more government dough to Podunk ; ( 2 ) they had to become more prole-friendly .
two reforms were needed if these cultural programs were to survive : ( 1 ) they had to [give] more government dough to podunk ; ( 2 ) they had to become more prole-friendly .

I have requested an inter-company transfer so I would not be his subordinate .
i have requested an inter-company [give] so i would not be his subordinate .

If you do not get a firm promise of an inter-company transfer , by all means go to the company that still wants you .
if you do not get a firm promise of an inter-company [give] , by all means go to the company that still wants you .

Banks and insurance companies already use digital signatures to transfer large sums of money online .
banks and insurance companies already use digital signatures to [give] large sums of money online .

Reno had to approve his transfer to a U.S. Attorney 's job in San Diego and so has , says the paper , once again `` snookered ... citizens who wanted a full investigation of the most corrupt campaign fund-raising operation since Watergate . ''
reno had to approve his [give] to a u.s. attorney 's job in san diego and so has , says the paper , once again `` snookered ... citizens who wanted a full investigation of the most corrupt campaign fund-raising operation since watergate . ''

The Los Angeles Times goes with Israel 's rejection of an American proposal for a transfer of more West Bank land to the Palestinians .
the los angeles times goes with israel 's rejection of an american proposal for a [give] of more west bank land to the palestinians .

Photographs of them have been published and exhibited , and they represent an important step in the transfer of aesthetic interest from the teapot -- with its long decorative history -- to the kettle , which genteel people had kept out of sight .
photographs of them have been published and exhibited , and they represent an important step in the [give] of aesthetic interest from the teapot -- with its long decorative history -- to the kettle , which genteel people had kept out of sight .

Such moral outrage is common among the opponents of globalization -- of the transfer of technology and capital from high-wage to low-wage countries and the resulting growth of labor-intensive Third World exports .
such moral outrage is common among the opponents of globalization -- of the [give] of technology and capital from high-wage to low-wage countries and the resulting growth of labor-intensive third world exports .

The NYT says that the NTSB offered to step down yesterday but that the FBI demurred ; USAT and the LAT quote anonymous sources predicting that the transfer will happen today .
the nyt says that the ntsb offered to step down yesterday but that the fbi demurred ; usat and the lat quote anonymous sources predicting that the [give] will happen today .

The only significant complication in the case was that the transfer involved a public TV station that Paxson wanted to convert to commercial use ; apparently , such conversions are rare .
the only significant complication in the case was that the [give] involved a public tv station that paxson wanted to convert to commercial use ; apparently , such conversions are rare .

As McCain has stated over and over in his defense , he never told the FCC to approve the transfer ; he just asked it to stop dithering and make a decision .
as mccain has stated over and over in his defense , he never told the fcc to approve the [give] ; he just asked it to stop dithering and make a decision .

Did McCain want the Paxson transfer to go through ?
did mccain want the paxson [give] to go through ?

If the inexorable logic of making a decision was that the FCC would approve the transfer , that 's hardly McCain 's fault .
if the inexorable logic of making a decision was that the fcc would approve the [give] , that 's hardly mccain 's fault .

Some of the people , of course , lose more than 20 percent of their money , and in doing so effectively transfer their cash to those who lose less or who -- rarity of rarities -- actually win .
some of the people , of course , lose more than 20 percent of their money , and in doing so effectively [give] their cash to those who lose less or who -- rarity of rarities -- actually win .

What free agency has done is transfer those payments that would have gone to small-market teams to the players themselves .
what free agency has done is [give] those payments that would have gone to small-market teams to the players themselves .

Report cards do n't transfer power from politicians to voters .
report cards do n't [give] power from politicians to voters .

They transfer power to the intermediary that gets to characterize how politicians have voted .
they [give] power to the intermediary that gets to characterize how politicians have voted .

The Guardian noted in its lead story that the signs that things have changed `` for ever '' with the transfer of power from London to the executive in Belfast came in small ways .
the guardian noted in its lead story that the signs that things have changed `` for ever '' with the [give] of power from london to the executive in belfast came in small ways .

The very notion of incest -- the last taboo -- unhinges readers , and they transfer blame onto Harrison , in effect accusing her of having engineered her own defilement .
the very notion of incest -- the last taboo -- unhinges readers , and they [give] blame onto harrison , in effect accusing her of having engineered her own defilement .

A related possibility : The increase in stockholder wealth could reflect a transfer from those Americans who do n't own stocks .
a related possibility : the increase in stockholder wealth could reflect a [give] from those americans who do n't own stocks .

The popular philosophy of income redistribution requires us to transfer income from the few high earners of today , while the popular philosophies of conservation and `` fiscal responsibility '' require us to transfer income to the many high earners of tomorrow .
the popular philosophy of income redistribution requires us to [give] income from the few high earners of today , while the popular philosophies of conservation and `` fiscal responsibility '' require us to [give] income to the many high earners of tomorrow .

In those circumstances , lavishing the less-skilled children with schooling , time , and attention might be the only way to transfer income in their direction .
in those circumstances , lavishing the less-skilled children with schooling , time , and attention might be the only way to [give] income in their direction .

From Providence , R.I. , Sergei Khrushchev , son of the late Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev , told the Moscow Times that he is `` scared '' by the transfer of power from Yeltsin to Putin .
from providence , r.i. , sergei khrushchev , son of the late soviet leader nikita khrushchev , told the moscow times that he is `` scared '' by the [give] of power from yeltsin to putin .

Given the recent transfer of power in Jordan , the upcoming Israeli elections , and his self-imposed May 4 deadline for declaring a Palestinian state , the link with Jordan could help Arafat consolidate ever-slippery support among his various constituencies , Israel , and the United States .
given the recent [give] of power in jordan , the upcoming israeli elections , and his self-imposed may 4 deadline for declaring a palestinian state , the link with jordan could help arafat consolidate ever-slippery support among his various constituencies , israel , and the united states .

Some drop out of school or transfer .
some drop out of school or [give] .

The United States berates China for human rights abuses and illicit transfer of defense technology ; Chinese officials see U.S. policy as inconsistent and hypocritical -- President Clinton has sent mixed messages about Taiwan and most favored nation status .
the united states berates china for human rights abuses and illicit [give] of defense technology ; chinese officials see u.s. policy as inconsistent and hypocritical -- president clinton has sent mixed messages about taiwan and most favored nation status .

Fifth , you transfer your book from your PC 's Rocket Library to your Rocket , which has 4 mb of memory ( enough to hold 20 medium-length novels ) .
fifth , you [give] your book from your pc 's rocket library to your rocket , which has 4 mb of memory ( enough to hold 20 medium-length novels ) .

The state will transfer $ 4,000 from the school each kid leaves to the school where he or she enrolls .
the state will [give] $ 4,000 from the school each kid leaves to the school where he or she enrolls .

Social Security is also a transfer program .
social security is also a [give] program .

McCain , for example , demands an investigation of `` the allegations about technology transfer [ and ] all these campaign contributions that came out of China . ''
mccain , for example , demands an investigation of `` the allegations about technology [give] [ and ] all these campaign contributions that came out of china . ''

It 's possible to do a fat transfer to the scrotal sac , which results in a larger and fuller looking scrotum . ''
it 's possible to do a fat [give] to the scrotal sac , which results in a larger and fuller looking scrotum . ''

If the Columbia does get off the ground , its crew of five Americans , a Canadian , and a Russian will transfer those supplies to the Russian-American space station , in one of the 160 space walks on 86 flights needed to complete the station -- and no doubt worth every penny .
if the columbia does get off the ground , its crew of five americans , a canadian , and a russian will [give] those supplies to the russian-american space station , in one of the 160 space walks on 86 flights needed to complete the station -- and no doubt worth every penny .

He ignored Justice Department concerns that approving this technology transfer in 1998 would make it harder to convict Loral of harming national security by leaking it two years earlier .
he ignored justice department concerns that approving this technology [give] in 1998 would make it harder to convict loral of harming national security by leaking it two years earlier .

It takes another hour to search for the Book of the Dead 's opposite number , which will theoretically send Imhotep back to the cosmic soup from which he sprang before he can transfer the heroine 's soul to the embalmed remains of his lady love .
it takes another hour to search for the book of the dead 's opposite number , which will theoretically send imhotep back to the cosmic soup from which he sprang before he can [give] the heroine 's soul to the embalmed remains of his lady love .

In any case , in the process of launching U.S. commercial satellites , it is unavoidable that Americans will transfer some technology to the Chinese .
in any case , in the process of launching u.s. commercial satellites , it is unavoidable that americans will [give] some technology to the chinese .

Congress has used its delegation power to transfer its authority to states on several occasions .
congress has used its delegation power to [give] its authority to states on several occasions .

Democracy strong : free elections ; successful transfer of power ; free media . )
democracy strong : free elections ; successful [give] of power ; free media . )

Democracy strong : free elections ; successful transfer of power ; constitutional protection for the media and minorities . )
democracy strong : free elections ; successful [give] of power ; constitutional protection for the media and minorities . )

Democracy strong : free elections ; successful transfer of power ; no state-run media . )
democracy strong : free elections ; successful [give] of power ; no state-run media . )

Democracy relatively strong : free elections ; successful transfer of power . )
democracy relatively strong : free elections ; successful [give] of power . )

Democracy strong : free elections ; successful transfer of power . )
democracy strong : free elections ; successful [give] of power . )

She will soon find that relationship excessively demanding and transfer her attentions elsewhere -- to Bill Cosby or Bill Bradley , perhaps .
she will soon find that relationship excessively demanding and [give] her attentions elsewhere -- to bill cosby or bill bradley , perhaps .

Even after this transfer we will still , on average , be better off than our parents were .
even after this [give] we will still , on average , be better off than our parents were .

In advance of the mobs of reporters , editors , film crews , radio disc jockeys , news anchors , and photographers now descending on the territory to cover the July 1 transfer of power -- 8,400 at last count -- the press handlers in the Hong Kong government wisely assembled mounds of prepackaged material .
in advance of the mobs of reporters , editors , film crews , radio disc jockeys , news anchors , and photographers now descending on the territory to cover the july 1 [give] of power -- 8,400 at last count -- the press handlers in the hong kong government wisely assembled mounds of prepackaged material .

The congressional report , prompted by a NYT story last spring describing the unsupervised flow of sensitive satellite technology to China 's strategic rocket programs , confirmed that transfer , but , say the papers , went much further , also uncovering the theft by the Chinese of nuclear weapons design technology from American labs and examining the too-loose export controls governing advanced computers .
the congressional report , prompted by a nyt story last spring describing the unsupervised flow of sensitive satellite technology to china 's strategic rocket programs , confirmed that [give] , but , say the papers , went much further , also uncovering the theft by the chinese of nuclear weapons design technology from american labs and examining the too-loose export controls governing advanced computers .

Instead , the talk homed in on the obstruction of justice evidence -- in particular , say all the majors , the circumstances surrounding the transfer of Lewinsky 's presidential gifts to Betty Currie .
instead , the talk homed in on the obstruction of justice evidence -- in particular , say all the majors , the circumstances surrounding the [give] of lewinsky 's presidential gifts to betty currie .

All papers front the update from Jordan : The Jordanian cabinet voted yesterday to transfer power to Crown Prince Abdullah as King Hussein lay unconscious , hours or days from death and sustained only by a respirator .
all papers front the update from jordan : the jordanian cabinet voted yesterday to [give] power to crown prince abdullah as king hussein lay unconscious , hours or days from death and sustained only by a respirator .

The New York Times puts that story on the top front , but goes instead with Congress ' likely decision to transfer control of satellite exports back to the State Dept .
the new york times puts that story on the top front , but goes instead with congress ' likely decision to [give] control of satellite exports back to the state dept .

In everyday life , metaphors take many different forms , including similes ( a nose as red as a cherry ) , proverbs ( do n't count your chickens before they 're hatched ) , transfer phrases ( make heavy weather of ... ) [ , ] wellerisms ( everyone to his taste , as they said when the old woman kissed the cow ) , metonymy ( the knife for surgery , the crown for royalty ) , synecdoches ( sixty head of cattle , a cut-throat ) , and swearing ( bloody bugger !
in everyday life , metaphors take many different forms , including similes ( a nose as red as a cherry ) , proverbs ( do n't count your chickens before they 're hatched ) , [give] phrases ( make heavy weather of ... ) [ , ] wellerisms ( everyone to his taste , as they said when the old woman kissed the cow ) , metonymy ( the knife for surgery , the crown for royalty ) , synecdoches ( sixty head of cattle , a cut-throat ) , and swearing ( bloody bugger !

Upon learning that mahon-meant ` salt-lick , ' the name was partially translated into English as Lick-ing , the -ing being added by phonetic transfer and probably some morphological influence , as well .
upon learning that mahon-meant ` salt-lick , ' the name was partially translated into english as lick-ing , the -ing being added by phonetic [give] and probably some morphological influence , as well .

ATM [ asychronous transfer mode , a term used in the computer world ] was not listed .
atm [ asychronous [give] mode , a term used in the computer world ] was not listed .

For more than 160 years , since the Anglos arrived in Texas , there has been a culture transfer back and forth across the Rio Grande .
for more than 160 years , since the anglos arrived in texas , there has been a culture [give] back and forth across the rio grande .

In the course of its transfer to English through French it has become ` a severe or formal rebuke , ' i.e. , the act of repressing .
in the course of its [give] to english through french it has become ` a severe or formal rebuke , ' i.e. , the act of repressing .

Thasdrubal 's Laganetic Transfer was the spell used by the magician Iucounu to banish Cugel on his search for the euphoriant cusps in The Eyes of the Overworld .
thasdrubal 's laganetic [give] was the spell used by the magician iucounu to banish cugel on his search for the euphoriant cusps in the eyes of the overworld .

It is often impossible for translators , for example , to transfer the implications and undercurrents suggested by modified English spellings into another language .
it is often impossible for translators , for example , to [give] the implications and undercurrents suggested by modified english spellings into another language .

This craze became known as décalcomanie , from décalc- ( from décalquer ` transfer a tracing ' + - o - + manie ` mania , ' whence we get decalcomania ( decal for short for the transfers ) , and the adjective cockamamie some say echoes the sense of florid but superficial embellishment .
this craze became known as décalcomanie , from décalc- ( from décalquer ` [give] a tracing ' + - o - + manie ` mania , ' whence we get decalcomania ( decal for short for the transfers ) , and the adjective cockamamie some say echoes the sense of florid but superficial embellishment .

