The Deerstalker points with the ease , speed and precision of a fine imported double shotgun , and its trigger pull is light and sharp .
the deerstalker points with the ease , speed and precision of a fine imported double shotgun , and its [spark] pull is light and sharp .

With five shots at the immediate command of the hunter's trigger finger , the gun and load are a deadly combination .
with five shots at the immediate command of the hunter's [spark] finger , the gun and load are a deadly combination .

The latest versions of the famous Savage Model 99 are the 99 Featherweight ( about $125 ) and the 99 Deluxe ( under $135 ) , which have a top-tang safety and improved trigger design .
the latest versions of the famous savage model 99 are the 99 featherweight ( about $125 ) and the 99 deluxe ( under $135 ) , which have a top-tang safety and improved [spark] design .

What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents ? ?
what steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could [spark] the destruction of continents ? ?

The President cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger .
the president cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear [spark] .

That's to say , he was trigger happy .
that's to say , he was [spark] happy .

I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun , and to my amazement , it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule ; ;
i had squeezed the [spark] of my own gun , and to my amazement , it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule ; ;

I squeezed the trigger .
i squeezed the [spark] .

Curt's fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun .
curt's fingers put a little more pressure on the [spark] of his gun .

Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger '' .
then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the [spark] '' .

Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger .
greg's fingers closed on the stick [spark] .

Taking aim at the man's face , Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge , and then he changed his mind .
taking aim at the man's face , matsuo squeezed the [spark] up to the point of discharge , and then he changed his mind .

It 's got 4 terminals , which are pressed against the body of an opponant and a trigger releases the current .
it 's got 4 terminals , which are pressed against the body of an opponant and a [spark] releases the current .

The Dixons hope their emotional appeal will trigger a concience somewhere , somehow .
the dixons hope their emotional appeal will [spark] a concience somewhere , somehow .

It appeared Mr Prescott then put the gun barrel in his mouth and pulled the trigger .
it appeared mr prescott then put the gun barrel in his mouth and pulled the [spark] .

Doctors at the National Epilepsy centre at the Park hospital in Oxford carry out research into what can trigger epileptic fits .
doctors at the national epilepsy centre at the park hospital in oxford carry out research into what can [spark] epileptic fits .

She says there are a small amount of children who are sensitive to flashing lights , which can trigger a fit .
she says there are a small amount of children who are sensitive to flashing lights , which can [spark] a fit .

and er he saw the , he was with Trigger he says , he says keep calm , drinking calm , were in here my son , right , and er its the bit where he 's leaning on the bar and the bloke lifts up the bar and he just folds like a tonne of bricks sideways
and er he saw the , he was with [spark] he says , he says keep calm , drinking calm , were in here my son , right , and er its the bit where he 's leaning on the bar and the bloke lifts up the bar and he just folds like a tonne of bricks sideways

But it 's really cool . Cos if you just keep your finger on the trigger they just go
but it 's really cool . cos if you just keep your finger on the [spark] they just go

This year 's , no this year 's trigger money
this year 's , no this year 's [spark] money

This year 's trigger
this year 's [spark]

this year 's trigger money
this year 's [spark] money

The trigger on that gun went at fifteen pounds , er just about
the [spark] on that gun went at fifteen pounds , er just about

You may find that 's a moulded plug and it , no that end trigger , is it a variable speed trigger ?
you may find that 's a moulded plug and it , no that end [spark] , is it a variable speed [spark] ?

It may be only a matter of time before goals trigger outbreaks of mass aerobics and the odd square dance .
it may be only a matter of time before goals [spark] outbreaks of mass aerobics and the odd square dance .

Could n't the new incentive of a £5,000 reward act as a trigger for the vital information detectives need to set justice on its way ?
could n't the new incentive of a £5,000 reward act as a [spark] for the vital information detectives need to set justice on its way ?

George did not find it easy shooting Lennie and he hesitated to think before pulling the trigger , when the ranchmen emerged out of the bush .
george did not find it easy shooting lennie and he hesitated to think before pulling the [spark] , when the ranchmen emerged out of the bush .

He 's gon na say he could n't have pulled the trigger .
he 's gon na say he could n't have pulled the [spark] .

Disabled people will be able to use a hand-held transmitter which will trigger an alarm to alert staff that there is someone outside who requires help .
disabled people will be able to use a hand-held transmitter which will [spark] an alarm to alert staff that there is someone outside who requires help .

Without adequate built-in safeguards , there will be other Susan Allens who will pull the trigger before they cry for help .
without adequate built-in safeguards , there will be other susan allens who will pull the [spark] before they cry for help .

This scanner looks for trigger points .
this scanner looks for [spark] points .

No , no he looks like he 's trigger happy boy .
no , no he looks like he 's [spark] happy boy .

He looks like him but he 's in green and he 's like the Punisher but he 's trigger happy boy .
he looks like him but he 's in green and he 's like the punisher but he 's [spark] happy boy .

Early in 1991 odour violation notices from the emissions regulatory authority were arriving at the plant at a rate of four a month — and to trigger a notice there has to be at least five complaints from neighbours .
early in 1991 odour violation notices from the emissions regulatory authority were arriving at the plant at a rate of four a month — and to [spark] a notice there has to be at least five complaints from neighbours .

They claim the Act will lead to more financial hardship for breadline families and trigger more violence in the home .
they claim the act will lead to more financial hardship for breadline families and [spark] more violence in the home .

Trigger happy
[spark] happy

10.14 ( a ) Comparator , ( b ) Schmitt trigger , ( c ) astable multivibrator and ( d ) bistable multivibrator , each based on an operational amplifier .
10.14 ( a ) comparator , ( b ) schmitt [spark] , ( c ) astable multivibrator and ( d ) bistable multivibrator , each based on an operational amplifier .

Application of positive feedback to the comparator as shown in figure 10.14 ( b ) creates a regenerative switch with hysteresis called the Schmitt trigger .
application of positive feedback to the comparator as shown in figure 10.14 ( b ) creates a regenerative switch with hysteresis called the schmitt [spark] .

Using Kirchhoff 's current law at the noninverting input of this trigger gives so that Hence the output switches over to the opposite saturation state from positive and negative saturation when respectively It is said that the circuit acts as a discriminator .
using kirchhoff 's current law at the noninverting input of this [spark] gives so that hence the output switches over to the opposite saturation state from positive and negative saturation when respectively it is said that the circuit acts as a discriminator .

his trigger now he 's dead
his [spark] now he 's dead

At present for instance , we have a cichlid growing-on and breeding ( we hope ) project in our cleanest largest and best tank ; we have a misbehaving Picasso Trigger on its own in a marine tank ( he was a bully in his owner 's community ) ; we have a ‘ planted ’ tank ( planted in the sense that it 's used as a holding tank for plants ) housing four swordtails , temporarily ; and three tanks devoid of occupants and in one case water .
at present for instance , we have a cichlid growing-on and breeding ( we hope ) project in our cleanest largest and best tank ; we have a misbehaving picasso [spark] on its own in a marine tank ( he was a bully in his owner 's community ) ; we have a ‘ planted ’ tank ( planted in the sense that it 's used as a holding tank for plants ) housing four swordtails , temporarily ; and three tanks devoid of occupants and in one case water .

Meanwhile , the Picasso Trigger needs constant water tests and monitoring , like all marine fish , and should get us into good habits again . Now if we can just lower our tapwater nitrate levels …
meanwhile , the picasso [spark] needs constant water tests and monitoring , like all marine fish , and should get us into good habits again . now if we can just lower our tapwater nitrate levels …

However , this product has a better pedigree , being formulated by the Louisiana State University and containing amino acids found to trigger the feeding impulse .
however , this product has a better pedigree , being formulated by the louisiana state university and containing amino acids found to [spark] the feeding impulse .

The answer was found during detailed studies of the trigger mechanism which activates the anemone 's nematocysts or stinging cells .
the answer was found during detailed studies of the [spark] mechanism which activates the anemone 's nematocysts or stinging cells .

Many theorists believe that Jupiter could well be a ‘ failed star ’ , not quite big enough to trigger nuclear reactions .
many theorists believe that jupiter could well be a ‘ failed star ’ , not quite big enough to [spark] nuclear reactions .

We are never presented as sexual subjects or objects , so we are less likely to trigger desire , and if we do not believe that we are desirable we will project this and create further obstacles .
we are never presented as sexual subjects or objects , so we are less likely to [spark] desire , and if we do not believe that we are desirable we will project this and create further obstacles .

Anyone who has a history of epilepsy ( even if that condition is being fully controlled by medication ) should never on any account be hypnotized , as the process of entering the appropriate altered state of mind can actually trigger off an epileptic fit .
anyone who has a history of epilepsy ( even if that condition is being fully controlled by medication ) should never on any account be hypnotized , as the process of entering the appropriate altered state of mind can actually [spark] off an epileptic fit .

Cooler fresh water changes usually trigger pairs into a spawning sequence ( which can last a whole day ) with their signals to the natural breeding clock .
cooler fresh water changes usually [spark] pairs into a spawning sequence ( which can last a whole day ) with their signals to the natural breeding clock .

If you are inexperienced in using a silicone gun , it is a good idea to have a couple of trial squeezes of the trigger , in order to get the ‘ feel ’ of the pressure needed to achieve an even bead of silicone on the panel edges .
if you are inexperienced in using a silicone gun , it is a good idea to have a couple of trial squeezes of the [spark] , in order to get the ‘ feel ’ of the pressure needed to achieve an even bead of silicone on the panel edges .

He is in a three foot tank with another Picasso Trigger which is 3″ long .
he is in a three foot tank with another picasso [spark] which is 3″ long .

It rather sounds as if your Picasso Trigger has never had a ‘ trigger ’ .
it rather sounds as if your picasso [spark] has never had a ‘ [spark] ’ .

However , they do grow quite quickly and one day you 'll only have one Trigger left , as the most dominant one will assert its authority .
however , they do grow quite quickly and one day you 'll only have one [spark] left , as the most dominant one will assert its authority .

Suppose the output of the Schmitt trigger inverter is initially high .
suppose the output of the schmitt [spark] inverter is initially high .

Ultrasonics technology is used in certain burglar alarm systems which trigger on detecting the sound of breaking glass .
ultrasonics technology is used in certain burglar alarm systems which [spark] on detecting the sound of breaking glass .

Input pulses trigger the monostable whose time period is determined by the position of the ‘ pot ’ spindle coupled to the servo output shaft .
input pulses [spark] the monostable whose time period is determined by the position of the ‘ pot ’ spindle coupled to the servo output shaft .

The best way to approach any chord changes you might find difficult is to avoid attempting to fully trigger each chord before starting to pick the notes .
the best way to approach any chord changes you might find difficult is to avoid attempting to fully [spark] each chord before starting to pick the notes .

Yet another advantage is the prevention of stomach discomfort , often the trigger for diet-breaking snacks .
yet another advantage is the prevention of stomach discomfort , often the [spark] for diet-breaking snacks .

The result is that often illnesses are considered to be purely physical when in fact they have an emotional trigger , as in the case of the lady who developed rheumatoid arthritis after her visit to Flanders , or a mental or possibly even spiritual precipitating factor .
the result is that often illnesses are considered to be purely physical when in fact they have an emotional [spark] , as in the case of the lady who developed rheumatoid arthritis after her visit to flanders , or a mental or possibly even spiritual precipitating factor .

Money , a trigger for the problems after Hungary is now no longer an issue for me .
money , a [spark] for the problems after hungary is now no longer an issue for me .

It was like pushing a trigger in the brain .
it was like pushing a [spark] in the brain .

Trigger happy troops kill 28
[spark] happy troops kill 28

He pulled the trigger — and to his horror shot Christopher in the head .
he pulled the [spark] — and to his horror shot christopher in the head .

And the move could trigger a bargain bonanza with major stores waging a new price war .
and the move could [spark] a bargain bonanza with major stores waging a new price war .

She raised the gun , and pulled the trigger .
she raised the gun , and pulled the [spark] .

She pulled the trigger .
she pulled the [spark] .

The pointman pulled the trigger , but his shot went wide .
the pointman pulled the [spark] , but his shot went wide .

Pregnancy could trigger arthritis
pregnancy could [spark] arthritis

Exactly what causes it is unknown ; it may be virus or a bacteria , or many interacting factors may trigger the disease .
exactly what causes it is unknown ; it may be virus or a bacteria , or many interacting factors may [spark] the disease .

Explain that you have an allergy to certain foods and that these will trigger a reaction .
explain that you have an allergy to certain foods and that these will [spark] a reaction .

Entering a name into the diary for instance can be used to trigger an address search .
entering a name into the diary for instance can be used to [spark] an address search .

But his finger never pulled the trigger for he , too , felt an explosion in his chest and , as if going into a slow dive , he dropped to the earth , the gun still gripped in his hand , and as he died he heard a voice yelling , ‘ Christ !
but his finger never pulled the [spark] for he , too , felt an explosion in his chest and , as if going into a slow dive , he dropped to the earth , the gun still gripped in his hand , and as he died he heard a voice yelling , ‘ christ !

But since in all of these examples the relevant traits act only as dispositions , the actual outcome in any given individual will depend on the interaction between vulnerability and other factors that trigger illness , leading to symptoms .
but since in all of these examples the relevant traits act only as dispositions , the actual outcome in any given individual will depend on the interaction between vulnerability and other factors that [spark] illness , leading to symptoms .

Morley Street seems to have lost interest this season but a strongly-run race on fast ground could trigger a revival .
morley street seems to have lost interest this season but a strongly-run race on fast ground could [spark] a revival .

This present dependence on others for the correction of minor matters may trigger more profound resentment in old people about the degree and nature of the dependence in which old age has placed them .
this present dependence on others for the correction of minor matters may [spark] more profound resentment in old people about the degree and nature of the dependence in which old age has placed them .

Hopefully , by the time you have finished reading this booklet you may also recognise some of the factors which trigger your Cystitis .
hopefully , by the time you have finished reading this booklet you may also recognise some of the factors which [spark] your cystitis .

There 's also a sound and vision fader linked to the trigger , enabling you to produce professional-looking transitions between sequences .
there 's also a sound and vision fader linked to the [spark] , enabling you to produce professional-looking transitions between sequences .

’ He picked up the gun , and held it to his temples , ‘ One 's arms simply are n't long enough to pull the trigger .
’ he picked up the gun , and held it to his temples , ‘ one 's arms simply are n't long enough to pull the [spark] .

Even today , he is sure that subconsciously the experience continues to affect him , especially when storm , rain or trees trigger off the train of associations .
even today , he is sure that subconsciously the experience continues to affect him , especially when storm , rain or trees [spark] off the train of associations .

But difference is not enough to trigger separatism .
but difference is not enough to [spark] separatism .

Vomiting and laxative abuse can trigger metabolic disturbances such as hypokalaemia .
vomiting and laxative abuse can [spark] metabolic disturbances such as hypokalaemia .

He was immediately shot dead by a rabbit , which rushed from its burrow and bumped against the trigger ( Sunday Mail , Scotland , 14 April 1991 ) .
he was immediately shot dead by a rabbit , which rushed from its burrow and bumped against the [spark] ( sunday mail , scotland , 14 april 1991 ) .

The snake coiled around the butt and pulled the trigger with its thrashing tail , firing one of the barrels and shooting Ahani fatally in the head .
the snake coiled around the butt and pulled the [spark] with its thrashing tail , firing one of the barrels and shooting ahani fatally in the head .

Maybe they will trigger some latent talent to encourage even more extensive artforms .
maybe they will [spark] some latent talent to encourage even more extensive artforms .

Basically it means that the nervous system which passes through the wrist in the carpal tunnel has been stressed and the best cure is rest , or in the case of trigger finger , an injection or even an operation .
basically it means that the nervous system which passes through the wrist in the carpal tunnel has been stressed and the best cure is rest , or in the case of [spark] finger , an injection or even an operation .

He 's not just a trigger man .
he 's not just a [spark] man .

She said , ‘ It acts like a trigger and you react aggressively .
she said , ‘ it acts like a [spark] and you react aggressively .

Some ingredients in creams and cleansers could indeed trigger , not only sensitive skin reactions , but also spots .
some ingredients in creams and cleansers could indeed [spark] , not only sensitive skin reactions , but also spots .

Many of today 's new creams also claim to be ‘ non-comedogenic ’ — they will not trigger off spots .
many of today 's new creams also claim to be ‘ non-comedogenic ’ — they will not [spark] off spots .

Excessive humidity is a trigger — especially if you use any rich face creams or cosmetics that contain comedogenic ingredients .
excessive humidity is a [spark] — especially if you use any rich face creams or cosmetics that contain comedogenic ingredients .

Even emotional stress can be a trigger to finely-tuned glands responsible for the maintenance of hormone levels .
even emotional stress can be a [spark] to finely-tuned glands responsible for the maintenance of hormone levels .

They will be less likely to trigger off more spots .
they will be less likely to [spark] off more spots .

They might not be doing your figure or teeth a lot of good , but there is no proof that they trigger acne .
they might not be doing your figure or teeth a lot of good , but there is no proof that they [spark] acne .

It is thought that sudden exposure to intense sunlight is a trigger to melanoma , and young office workers are typical victims .
it is thought that sudden exposure to intense sunlight is a [spark] to melanoma , and young office workers are typical victims .

His fingers curled around the butt of the gun , taking up a gentle purchase on the trigger .
his fingers curled around the butt of the gun , taking up a gentle purchase on the [spark] .

His finger tightened on the trigger .
his finger tightened on the [spark] .

Sharpe did the same , simply aiming the rifle in the direction of the column , and pulling the trigger so that the bullet whipped off through the stalks .
sharpe did the same , simply aiming the rifle in the direction of the column , and pulling the [spark] so that the bullet whipped off through the stalks .

It 'll trigger off a signal which means you need assistance .
it 'll [spark] off a signal which means you need assistance .

There are different kinds and , although the rose is ailing and liable , invariably the trigger is injury like hoe damage , rubbing and chaffing , bad stake ties and bad careless pruning ( see question number 50 , page 204 ) .
there are different kinds and , although the rose is ailing and liable , invariably the [spark] is injury like hoe damage , rubbing and chaffing , bad stake ties and bad careless pruning ( see question number 50 , page 204 ) .

In all these cases , however , the initial trigger to change might have been physical rather than biotic .
in all these cases , however , the initial [spark] to change might have been physical rather than biotic .

All the millions of deaths resulting from the Genestealer rebellion — a great psychic bellow of rage , pain and extinction — had served to trigger the growth of this creature .
all the millions of deaths resulting from the genestealer rebellion — a great psychic bellow of rage , pain and extinction — had served to [spark] the growth of this creature .

Food-sharing , or trophallaxis , allied with the power of pheromones to trigger patterns of action , is the regulatory bond which gives the colony its aura of the miraculous and an account in these terms is wholly sufficient .
food-sharing , or trophallaxis , allied with the power of pheromones to [spark] patterns of action , is the regulatory bond which gives the colony its aura of the miraculous and an account in these terms is wholly sufficient .

Parents caught in this situation need the opportunity to balance their views about what is happening and watch more carefully for the trigger to the behaviour problems .
parents caught in this situation need the opportunity to balance their views about what is happening and watch more carefully for the [spark] to the behaviour problems .

There is often a trigger that starts the problem .
there is often a [spark] that starts the problem .

Possibly a traumatic separation may trigger the condition ( Kahn 1973 ) .
possibly a traumatic separation may [spark] the condition ( kahn 1973 ) .

One hand on the pistol grip handle controls the variable-speed trigger and lock-on power button , the other grips the saw around its insulated rubber ‘ boot ’ .
one hand on the pistol grip handle controls the variable-speed [spark] and lock-on power button , the other grips the saw around its insulated rubber ‘ boot ’ .

Maximum blade cutting speeds are controlled by a dial set into the trigger switch .
maximum blade cutting speeds are controlled by a dial set into the [spark] switch .

Maximum speed is controlled by dial set into variable-speed trigger
maximum speed is controlled by dial set into variable-speed [spark]

The aim of the exercise is to begin to discover why you relate to written language in the way you do and to trigger the first probings into your own , unique way of understanding yourself and your world .
the aim of the exercise is to begin to discover why you relate to written language in the way you do and to [spark] the first probings into your own , unique way of understanding yourself and your world .

It would seem that our capacity to feel fear is great and the merest trigger can set it off .
it would seem that our capacity to feel fear is great and the merest [spark] can set it off .

It is not surprising that many fish breed at this time , although cooler , fresh water is part of the trigger .
it is not surprising that many fish breed at this time , although cooler , fresh water is part of the [spark] .

The angling press has reported a spate of trigger fish along our shores , once an uncommon capture , now more frequent possibly thanks to global warming .
the angling press has reported a spate of [spark] fish along our shores , once an uncommon capture , now more frequent possibly thanks to global warming .

The Daily Star reported a Trigger landed at Tenby , West Wales .
the daily star reported a [spark] landed at tenby , west wales .

However , a trigger event or crisis may become important as that system of mutual independence becomes altered into one of interdependence .
however , a [spark] event or crisis may become important as that system of mutual independence becomes altered into one of interdependence .

Conroy , unemployed , of Peckham , south London , said he did not mean to shoot anyone , claiming his finger had jammed on the trigger .
conroy , unemployed , of peckham , south london , said he did not mean to shoot anyone , claiming his finger had jammed on the [spark] .

He said that this could lead to ‘ a non-statutory monopoly ’ and trigger a free-for-all among farmers with the housewife eventually footing the bill .
he said that this could lead to ‘ a non-statutory monopoly ’ and [spark] a free-for-all among farmers with the housewife eventually footing the bill .

The latter will get a stock exchange quote after it is spun off and this could trigger further price rises similar to those seen in electricity , gas and water .
the latter will get a stock exchange quote after it is spun off and this could [spark] further price rises similar to those seen in electricity , gas and water .

He snapped off a shot , hardly even bothering to point the gun before he squeezed the trigger .
he snapped off a shot , hardly even bothering to point the gun before he squeezed the [spark] .

Finger tightening on trigger .
finger tightening on [spark] .

‘ We certainly do n't want to make unnecessary enemies — especially ones who could trigger off another Cambodia . ’
‘ we certainly do n't want to make unnecessary enemies — especially ones who could [spark] off another cambodia . ’

Faced with a silenced pistol , pointed unwaveringly at his head , and not knowing that the girl could not have pulled the trigger against an innocent man , he acceded to her demand …
faced with a silenced pistol , pointed unwaveringly at his head , and not knowing that the girl could not have pulled the [spark] against an innocent man , he acceded to her demand …

But with the Germans having a torrid time at the back as Wednesday 's attacking momentum gained pace , backed by fanatical Hillsborough support , substitute Thomas Zeyer pulled the trigger .
but with the germans having a torrid time at the back as wednesday 's attacking momentum gained pace , backed by fanatical hillsborough support , substitute thomas zeyer pulled the [spark] .

And he knows his next clanger will trigger yet another repeat showing — as well as threatening the first-team place he has worked so hard to hold down at table-topping Blackburn .
and he knows his next clanger will [spark] yet another repeat showing — as well as threatening the first-team place he has worked so hard to hold down at table-topping blackburn .

And manager Geoff Butler has told his Beazer Homes League men to concentrate on a secret catchword which , when shouted from the dug-out in the heat of the match , is designed to trigger their attention .
and manager geoff butler has told his beazer homes league men to concentrate on a secret catchword which , when shouted from the dug-out in the heat of the match , is designed to [spark] their attention .

Trigger happy
[spark] happy

His arrival could trigger a better relationship between the players and the crowd .
his arrival could [spark] a better relationship between the players and the crowd .

Experiencing several such impacts in a comparatively short period of time might well be sufficient to trigger an ice age — assuming the other circumstances noted above were suitable .
experiencing several such impacts in a comparatively short period of time might well be sufficient to [spark] an ice age — assuming the other circumstances noted above were suitable .

In using this trigger you again reinforce status and self-image .
in using this [spark] you again reinforce status and self-image .

The move could trigger a tit-for-tat trans-Atlantic trade war if the Community retaliates in kind .
the move could [spark] a tit-for-tat trans-atlantic trade war if the community retaliates in kind .

If the élites could be persuaded that war might trigger revolution , then they would think twice before unleashing it .
if the élites could be persuaded that war might [spark] revolution , then they would think twice before unleashing it .

The bombing of Shanghai , widely shown on newsreels early in 1932 , helped to trigger the fears of civilian bombing which played such a large part in popular thinking about war and peace during the 1930s .
the bombing of shanghai , widely shown on newsreels early in 1932 , helped to [spark] the fears of civilian bombing which played such a large part in popular thinking about war and peace during the 1930s .

‘ The wake-up fragrance has pine , ocean and citrus aromas , all of which trigger alertness , ’ he says .
‘ the wake-up fragrance has pine , ocean and citrus aromas , all of which [spark] alertness , ’ he says .

One case too many of a shopper suing after he tripped up in a supermarket is more likely to trigger reform than a hundred multimillion dollar claims against accountants .
one case too many of a shopper suing after he tripped up in a supermarket is more likely to [spark] reform than a hundred multimillion dollar claims against accountants .

The chapter considers the three types of past event that may trigger recognition — transactions , contracts for future performance and other events — and the circumstances in which each gives rise to sufficient evidence .
the chapter considers the three types of past event that may [spark] recognition — transactions , contracts for future performance and other events — and the circumstances in which each gives rise to sufficient evidence .

The system will then reverse its motion and begin to contract , becoming once again a great ball of fire , and another ‘ big bang ’ will eventually trigger a new creative era .
the system will then reverse its motion and begin to contract , becoming once again a great ball of fire , and another ‘ big bang ’ will eventually [spark] a new creative era .

Vary your daily routes to work etc , so you do n't pass bakers or sweet shops which trigger your cravings .
vary your daily routes to work etc , so you do n't pass bakers or sweet shops which [spark] your cravings .

‘ We are trying to pull things together but certain things trigger it all off again , ’ said Robert .
‘ we are trying to pull things together but certain things [spark] it all off again , ’ said robert .

Then the retired postman pulled the trigger , the Old Bailey heard .
then the retired postman pulled the [spark] , the old bailey heard .

Moving to a different part of the country , for example , or even a chance meeting , may be the trigger to reactivate a relationship with someone in this outermost circle , thus drawing them into the second category .
moving to a different part of the country , for example , or even a chance meeting , may be the [spark] to reactivate a relationship with someone in this outermost circle , thus drawing them into the second category .

The act of wounding may also trigger an influx of Ca 2+ , activating contraction of the cable ; and we have in fact shown elsewhere that c- fos is rapidly induced in the epidermis at a wound margin in rat embryos .
the act of wounding may also [spark] an influx of ca 2+ , activating contraction of the cable ; and we have in fact shown elsewhere that c- fos is rapidly induced in the epidermis at a wound margin in rat embryos .

Injection of InsP 3 can trigger breakdown of the nuclear envelope in sea urchin embryos .
injection of insp 3 can [spark] breakdown of the nuclear envelope in sea urchin embryos .

Many go back more than a decade — to about the time when massive asbestosis judgments first started to trigger claims against insurance policies written in the 1950s .
many go back more than a decade — to about the time when massive asbestosis judgments first started to [spark] claims against insurance policies written in the 1950s .

They fear that unexpected turmoil on the peninsula could easily trigger massive capital flight from South Korea .
they fear that unexpected turmoil on the peninsula could easily [spark] massive capital flight from south korea .

Some people would like to see load-shedding trigger a sweeping change in New York 's whole relationship with the surrounding region .
some people would like to see load-shedding [spark] a sweeping change in new york 's whole relationship with the surrounding region .

Banks ' long-term prime-lending rate is about to be raised for the second month in a row , to 5.4 % ( up from 4.9 % two months ago ) , which will trigger a similar increase in mortgage rates .
banks ' long-term prime-lending rate is about to be raised for the second month in a row , to 5.4 % ( up from 4.9 % two months ago ) , which will [spark] a similar increase in mortgage rates .

Should an apparent truce in Bosnia lead to the sending of substantial peacekeeping forces , the subsequent breakdown of such an agreement would trigger acute pressures for sending sufficient troops to achieve peacemaking ( ‘ smothering the war by force ’ ) .
should an apparent truce in bosnia lead to the sending of substantial peacekeeping forces , the subsequent breakdown of such an agreement would [spark] acute pressures for sending sufficient troops to achieve peacemaking ( ‘ smothering the war by force ’ ) .

Mr Hani 's murder was allegedly part of a conspiracy : a white member of Parliament and his wife , Clive and Gaye Derby-Lewis , have been arrested along with Janusz Walus , the man said to have pulled the trigger .
mr hani 's murder was allegedly part of a conspiracy : a white member of parliament and his wife , clive and gaye derby-lewis , have been arrested along with janusz walus , the man said to have pulled the [spark] .

The second man had lunged across the target , he could remember that , and he could remember that he had kept squeezing the trigger .
the second man had lunged across the target , he could remember that , and he could remember that he had kept squeezing the [spark] .

‘ Clownfish cover themselves with a sugar coating to avoid being stung by their anemone ’ What is true is that Clowns do have a polysaccharide mucus coating to mask the protein taste of their mucus — and thus avoid the anemone trigger mechanism which stings on sensing protein .
‘ clownfish cover themselves with a sugar coating to avoid being stung by their anemone ’ what is true is that clowns do have a polysaccharide mucus coating to mask the protein taste of their mucus — and thus avoid the anemone [spark] mechanism which stings on sensing protein .

Like many other companies , Peugeot has put the revs per minute control on the front face of the trigger .
like many other companies , peugeot has put the revs per minute control on the front face of the [spark] .

The concept of motor skill is associated , with the development of longer and more complex patterns of activity which can be reeled off following a single trigger and which are monitored on the basis that only feedback which indicates errors needs attention .
the concept of motor skill is associated , with the development of longer and more complex patterns of activity which can be reeled off following a single [spark] and which are monitored on the basis that only feedback which indicates errors needs attention .

The trigger is usually some external stimulus , not necessarily an obvious one .
the [spark] is usually some external stimulus , not necessarily an obvious one .

To trigger this test the magic effect can be from any source ( item or spell ) , but must have a clear , easily discernable effect ; an Aura of any type does n't count , but a Flight spell would , even though it is not directly threatening .
to [spark] this test the magic effect can be from any source ( item or spell ) , but must have a clear , easily discernable effect ; an aura of any type does n't count , but a flight spell would , even though it is not directly threatening .

Language is not merely a neutral medium for the conveying of information ; it can trigger emotional responses which may spring from prejudice , stereotyping or misunderstanding .
language is not merely a neutral medium for the conveying of information ; it can [spark] emotional responses which may spring from prejudice , stereotyping or misunderstanding .

Secondly , the trigger and belt tracking dial are large enough to adjust quickly , even when wearing gloves .
secondly , the [spark] and belt tracking dial are large enough to adjust quickly , even when wearing gloves .

Instead , one hand guides the main trigger handle , and the other grips the cutter depth control knob of the front .
instead , one hand guides the main [spark] handle , and the other grips the cutter depth control knob of the front .

Elites which wish to manage the dilemma — they can not transcend it — must learn how to play off the various sub-organizations against one another , how to trigger particular programmes within the sub-organizations , repertoires ( Allison , 1971 , p. 87 ) and how to trigger existing routines in a new context .
elites which wish to manage the dilemma — they can not transcend it — must learn how to play off the various sub-organizations against one another , how to [spark] particular programmes within the sub-organizations , repertoires ( allison , 1971 , p. 87 ) and how to [spark] existing routines in a new context .

The immediate trigger to the anti-semitic campaign was the reception of Jock Houston as a speaker in the East End of London in 1935 .
the immediate [spark] to the anti-semitic campaign was the reception of jock houston as a speaker in the east end of london in 1935 .

The objective was to try to reproduce a smooth and consistent swing ; to trigger the muscle memory to produce such a swing automatically .
the objective was to try to reproduce a smooth and consistent swing ; to [spark] the muscle memory to produce such a swing automatically .

What may appear to be an ordinary action , such as picking up a slipper to put it on , can trigger an unusual response from the dog if it has been hit with a shoe in a previous home .
what may appear to be an ordinary action , such as picking up a slipper to put it on , can [spark] an unusual response from the dog if it has been hit with a shoe in a previous home .

While the sound of the doorbell or knocker can trigger the dog to start barking , this can be followed by aggression towards the caller .
while the sound of the doorbell or knocker can [spark] the dog to start barking , this can be followed by aggression towards the caller .

Time seemed to halt for Yeremi as he saw d'Arquebus squeeze the trigger , and was sure that d'Arquebus was squandering that single shell , shooting his hellfire bolt off prematurely .
time seemed to halt for yeremi as he saw d'arquebus squeeze the [spark] , and was sure that d'arquebus was squandering that single shell , shooting his hellfire bolt off prematurely .

Strips of engraved antler from some rare combative rutting beast inlaid the casing , and mother-of-pearl the trigger guard .
strips of engraved antler from some rare combative rutting beast inlaid the casing , and mother-of-pearl the [spark] guard .

He thought of Alan Millet … did n't know why , could n't place the trigger that led him to Alan Millet and a pub in the Elephant and Castle south of the Thames .
he thought of alan millet … did n't know why , could n't place the [spark] that led him to alan millet and a pub in the elephant and castle south of the thames .

It would only take a computer error or a mutiny by some of those manning the weapons to trigger a global war .
it would only take a computer error or a mutiny by some of those manning the weapons to [spark] a global war .

The launched clays zipped across the window of sky , and Diane followed each with a two-foot lead before squeezing the trigger .
the launched clays zipped across the window of sky , and diane followed each with a two-foot lead before squeezing the [spark] .

Too late … There is the same kind of trigger when he hears that other language , not such a rare occurrence now , especially in Roxbury , where he wanders on those Sundays ; it is a language in which machines might converse when no human being is around to listen .
too late … there is the same kind of [spark] when he hears that other language , not such a rare occurrence now , especially in roxbury , where he wanders on those sundays ; it is a language in which machines might converse when no human being is around to listen .

He pulled the trigger .
he pulled the [spark] .

‘ Pull the trigger .
‘ pull the [spark] .

’ His finger tightened on the trigger .
’ his finger tightened on the [spark] .

‘ What are they ? ’ Sheldukher whispered in the Doctor 's ear His fingers tightened around the trigger of his laser pistol .
‘ what are they ? ’ sheldukher whispered in the doctor 's ear his fingers tightened around the [spark] of his laser pistol .

The two most likely services to trigger a process of decline are the post office , which often acts as a multiple service facility ( Taylor and Emerson , 1981 ) , and the primary school , which is not only a central feature of the community but also a vital ingredient in retaining a young and active population ( Jones , 1980 ) .
the two most likely services to [spark] a process of decline are the post office , which often acts as a multiple service facility ( taylor and emerson , 1981 ) , and the primary school , which is not only a central feature of the community but also a vital ingredient in retaining a young and active population ( jones , 1980 ) .

It would kill at the pressure of a finger on the trigger .
it would kill at the pressure of a finger on the [spark] .

We 're not actually gon na trigger them unless Madreidetic refuse to give in .
we 're not actually gon na [spark] them unless madreidetic refuse to give in .

For example , periods of ill-health , retirement , changes in family circumstances or bereavement , all of which can trigger a range of personal , physical and social consequences — such as an increased need for support .
for example , periods of ill-health , retirement , changes in family circumstances or bereavement , all of which can [spark] a range of personal , physical and social consequences — such as an increased need for support .

That was the trigger which set him off .
that was the [spark] which set him off .

It is this additional purchasing power that will trigger the secondary investment by the private sector .
it is this additional purchasing power that will [spark] the secondary investment by the private sector .

‘ After Japan ’ was conceived of as a ‘ trigger factor ’ signalling critical business objectives in terms of financial targets and European market share ( Beynon , 1984 : 356 ) .
‘ after japan ’ was conceived of as a ‘ [spark] factor ’ signalling critical business objectives in terms of financial targets and european market share ( beynon , 1984 : 356 ) .

Hall argues that for the fifth Kondratiev one of the key elements is the presence of scientific research : the initial trigger for the development of the new industries of this long wave — electronics , information technology and biotechnology .
hall argues that for the fifth kondratiev one of the key elements is the presence of scientific research : the initial [spark] for the development of the new industries of this long wave — electronics , information technology and biotechnology .

The precision of this inference goes well beyond what is explicitly present in the report , which acts rather like a trigger setting off one of two pre-existing possibilities .
the precision of this inference goes well beyond what is explicitly present in the report , which acts rather like a [spark] setting off one of two pre-existing possibilities .

In a similar manner , the context of dog in 22 and 23 acts like a trigger which activates one of a set of pre-existing bundles of semantic properties , each having a precision and richness not directly sanctioned by the context .
in a similar manner , the context of dog in 22 and 23 acts like a [spark] which activates one of a set of pre-existing bundles of semantic properties , each having a precision and richness not directly sanctioned by the context .

French maintained that he thought that the safety catch was on and that he had been struck a blow on the back of the head which had caused him to stagger and pull the trigger .
french maintained that he thought that the safety catch was on and that he had been struck a blow on the back of the head which had caused him to stagger and pull the [spark] .

The hurricane-lamp was placed about twenty feet in front and pumped up to maximum brilliance while we lay sweating and mosquito-bitten in the shadows , fingering our cameras and the trigger of our temperamental Sun Gun , expecting that at any moment a curious snake would be drawn to the light from the shadows behind us , rather than from the cave ahead .
the hurricane-lamp was placed about twenty feet in front and pumped up to maximum brilliance while we lay sweating and mosquito-bitten in the shadows , fingering our cameras and the [spark] of our temperamental sun gun , expecting that at any moment a curious snake would be drawn to the light from the shadows behind us , rather than from the cave ahead .

They rely on day length to trigger the shedding because the process is a complex one .
they rely on day length to [spark] the shedding because the process is a complex one .

This same cue also seems to trigger a decrease in growth and even appetite among mammals such as deer , sheep and goats .
this same cue also seems to [spark] a decrease in growth and even appetite among mammals such as deer , sheep and goats .

With such a huge range of reproductive activity stimulated by the sun , it might be thought that no other trigger was needed .
with such a huge range of reproductive activity stimulated by the sun , it might be thought that no other [spark] was needed .

Yeast extract e.g. marmite , some wines , vinegar and also cheese are all very rich in certain chemicals called amines , which trigger off a migraine headache in sensitive people .
yeast extract e.g. marmite , some wines , vinegar and also cheese are all very rich in certain chemicals called amines , which [spark] off a migraine headache in sensitive people .

Another possible use of video in a training programme is to trigger new ideas and expand trainees ' horizons .
another possible use of video in a training programme is to [spark] new ideas and expand trainees ' horizons .

He tightened his finger on the trigger but again the fragile , defenceless beauty of the deer prevented him from firing and he lowered his rifle immediately . ``
he tightened his finger on the [spark] but again the fragile , defenceless beauty of the deer prevented him from firing and he lowered his rifle immediately . ``

Although he had set his loaded rifle at his shoulder in readiness as he entered the thicket , before he could squeeze the trigger the wounded seladang was upon him .
although he had set his loaded rifle at his shoulder in readiness as he entered the thicket , before he could squeeze the [spark] the wounded seladang was upon him .

They are biological catalysts — other words they trigger off or speed up a process such as the break down of waste in an aquarium .
they are biological catalysts — other words they [spark] off or speed up a process such as the break down of waste in an aquarium .

If a further trigger is required , do a large water change ( 40 per cent ) and top up with cold , simulating the rainy season .
if a further [spark] is required , do a large water change ( 40 per cent ) and top up with cold , simulating the rainy season .

Fanworms are a tasty treat for boxfish , puffers , and trigger fish .
fanworms are a tasty treat for boxfish , puffers , and [spark] fish .

Once the hidden voices and key issues are uncovered , Freire proposes creating discussion objects called ‘ codes ’ ( from the Portuguese codificacao ) or ‘ triggers ’ because their purpose is to trigger dialogue .
once the hidden voices and key issues are uncovered , freire proposes creating discussion objects called ‘ codes ’ ( from the portuguese codificacao ) or ‘ triggers ’ because their purpose is to [spark] dialogue .

Although this trigger , like other triggers , presents open-ended problematic situations , critical thinking does not occur spontaneously .
although this [spark] , like other triggers , presents open-ended problematic situations , critical thinking does not occur spontaneously .

For the scheme to work , it is necessary that the trigger point or detonation temperature for collapse of the non-fullerene cluster depends rather sensitively upon cluster size .
for the scheme to work , it is necessary that the [spark] point or detonation temperature for collapse of the non-fullerene cluster depends rather sensitively upon cluster size .

Norbert Wiener 's basic view is that the ideas of individuals can trigger the larger processes that lead to innovation by their influence on the ‘ intellectual climate ’ in which science , the arts and technology all develop .
norbert wiener 's basic view is that the ideas of individuals can [spark] the larger processes that lead to innovation by their influence on the ‘ intellectual climate ’ in which science , the arts and technology all develop .

Then the trigger as you pull it , then the pellet
then the [spark] as you pull it , then the pellet

The ‘ keys ’ or trigger features required to ‘ unlock ’ these two types of cell are rather simple — it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an increase for one and a decrease for the other .
the ‘ keys ’ or [spark] features required to ‘ unlock ’ these two types of cell are rather simple — it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an increase for one and a decrease for the other .

Trigger features
[spark] features

The next trigger feature is rather more complicated , and is illustrated in Figure 4 .
the next [spark] feature is rather more complicated , and is illustrated in figure 4 .

In the rabbit there are four types of such neuron with four different trigger features , upward , downward , forward , and backward movement ( see Figure 5 above ) .
in the rabbit there are four types of such neuron with four different [spark] features , upward , downward , forward , and backward movement ( see figure 5 above ) .

Neocortical trigger features
neocortical [spark] features

The discovery that oriented bars and edges were the trigger features for neurons in the visual cortex was enormously exciting when it was made thirty years ago , but Levick followed up their discovery and found that there are orientation selective neurons in rabbit retina as well as the directionally selective ones shown in Figure 4 .
the discovery that oriented bars and edges were the [spark] features for neurons in the visual cortex was enormously exciting when it was made thirty years ago , but levick followed up their discovery and found that there are orientation selective neurons in rabbit retina as well as the directionally selective ones shown in figure 4 .

If their special property is not to be found in their trigger features , might it be something about their projective zones ?
if their special property is not to be found in their [spark] features , might it be something about their projective zones ?

The primary visual cortex is surrounded by many secondary visual regions that seem to deal with special qualities of the image such as colour and movement , and in theory much could be achieved by assembling in appropriate ways information about the occurrence of different trigger features .
the primary visual cortex is surrounded by many secondary visual regions that seem to deal with special qualities of the image such as colour and movement , and in theory much could be achieved by assembling in appropriate ways information about the occurrence of different [spark] features .

Perhaps in the next decade the projective zone will be recognised to be a neural processing tool as powerful as the neuron 's receptive field and trigger feature .
perhaps in the next decade the projective zone will be recognised to be a neural processing tool as powerful as the neuron 's receptive field and [spark] feature .

For some cells they had the strong impression that the response increased the more the object resembled a monkey 's hand , while in others the trigger feature appeared to be a monkey 's face or head .
for some cells they had the strong impression that the response increased the more the object resembled a monkey 's hand , while in others the [spark] feature appeared to be a monkey 's face or head .

In spite of these impressive results , progress in finding other examples of neurons with highly selective trigger features has not been as rapid as was hoped .
in spite of these impressive results , progress in finding other examples of neurons with highly selective [spark] features has not been as rapid as was hoped .

Actors have to be trained , and they have to learn their parts ; similarly , neurons must somehow acquire their trigger features and projective zones .
actors have to be trained , and they have to learn their parts ; similarly , neurons must somehow acquire their [spark] features and projective zones .

In an age of ‘ background music ’ , listening is often distracted , and popular music is often used as a drug or as a ‘ switch ’ to trigger preplanned narcissistic ally comfortable sensations or as an instrument of group conformity .
in an age of ‘ background music ’ , listening is often distracted , and popular music is often used as a drug or as a ‘ switch ’ to [spark] preplanned narcissistic ally comfortable sensations or as an instrument of group conformity .

Only a decade earlier the war with Japan had proved the trigger for a revolutionary storm which the regime had barely survived .
only a decade earlier the war with japan had proved the [spark] for a revolutionary storm which the regime had barely survived .

He runs the Government , oversees the Civil Service , the Armed Forces , the Security Services and , ultimately , his is the hand on the nuclear trigger .
he runs the government , oversees the civil service , the armed forces , the security services and , ultimately , his is the hand on the nuclear [spark] .

He had not delivered the fatal blows , he had not pulled the trigger .
he had not delivered the fatal blows , he had not pulled the [spark] .

Finally , the combination of the ‘ toxic mix ’ of prisoners with these deteriorating conditions within which they are contained is thought to trigger off the periodic riots and disturbances to which the prison system is increasingly prone .
finally , the combination of the ‘ toxic mix ’ of prisoners with these deteriorating conditions within which they are contained is thought to [spark] off the periodic riots and disturbances to which the prison system is increasingly prone .

‘ Any fool can pull a trigger , girl , so it means nothing .
‘ any fool can pull a [spark] , girl , so it means nothing .

Ace 's finger remained clamped down on the trigger even after all seven bullets had gone and the slide had locked back in the ‘ empty ’ position .
ace 's finger remained clamped down on the [spark] even after all seven bullets had gone and the slide had locked back in the ‘ empty ’ position .

These include predictions that the no-arbitrage condition should generally apply ; when it ceases to apply this should promptly trigger index arbitrage transactions which should rapidly eliminate the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .
these include predictions that the no-arbitrage condition should generally apply ; when it ceases to apply this should promptly [spark] index arbitrage transactions which should rapidly eliminate the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .

The body heat from a bird would trigger them .
the body heat from a bird would [spark] them .

You can also attach code to each object to respond to and trigger events .
you can also attach code to each object to respond to and [spark] events .

That requires an open , problem solving approach — and one that uses complaints to trigger reviews of standards .
that requires an open , problem solving approach — and one that uses complaints to [spark] reviews of standards .

Graduating payments and particularly the high score needed to trigger any payment are problems .
graduating payments and particularly the high score needed to [spark] any payment are problems .

The legacy of establishing need in order to trigger the duty to make payments still haunts the administration of means-tested benefits and has flavoured supplementary benefits appeal tribunals with Victorian notions of identifying those who are ‘ the deserving poor ’ .
the legacy of establishing need in order to [spark] the duty to make payments still haunts the administration of means-tested benefits and has flavoured supplementary benefits appeal tribunals with victorian notions of identifying those who are ‘ the deserving poor ’ .

If they are attacked by one of their main enemies , trigger fish , the column breaks and they form circles , pincers outwards , like pioneer wagon trains crossing the prairies of the American Wild West , defending themselves against attack by Indians .
if they are attacked by one of their main enemies , [spark] fish , the column breaks and they form circles , pincers outwards , like pioneer wagon trains crossing the prairies of the american wild west , defending themselves against attack by indians .

However , being an alien , her astonishing depths of knowledge in some spheres , coupled with incredible ignorance in others , would be the trigger to launch Ian and Barbara on their quest to discover the truth about her .
however , being an alien , her astonishing depths of knowledge in some spheres , coupled with incredible ignorance in others , would be the [spark] to launch ian and barbara on their quest to discover the truth about her .

When she confessed to shooting Martin no one could doubt she had it in her to pull the trigger .
when she confessed to shooting martin no one could doubt she had it in her to pull the [spark] .

Each can receive impulses from other cells , and each will ’ fire ’ and so stimulate other neurones if its own inputs trigger it .
each can receive impulses from other cells , and each will ’ fire ’ and so stimulate other neurones if its own inputs [spark] it .

’ The ballistic expert 's evidence was that the defendant 's gun was fitted with a hammer block safety mechanism , which was in proper working order , so that it could only be fired if the trigger was fully pressed back .
’ the ballistic expert 's evidence was that the defendant 's gun was fitted with a hammer block safety mechanism , which was in proper working order , so that it could only be fired if the [spark] was fully pressed back .

There is no evidence that stress causes addiction as such although a stressful life event may trigger latent addictive disease .
there is no evidence that stress causes addiction as such although a stressful life event may [spark] latent addictive disease .

At the same time the adrenalin surge is itself a strong feeling and any strong feeling can be a trigger factor in stimulating the urge to use other mood-altering substances or processes — It is therefore advisable for people in recovery from any form of addictive disease that they should avoid gambling and other forms of risk-taking as far as possible .
at the same time the adrenalin surge is itself a strong feeling and any strong feeling can be a [spark] factor in stimulating the urge to use other mood-altering substances or processes — it is therefore advisable for people in recovery from any form of addictive disease that they should avoid gambling and other forms of risk-taking as far as possible .

The use of these specific substances or behaviours may trigger the underlying addictive potential so that they come to be used inappropriately and compulsively .
the use of these specific substances or behaviours may [spark] the underlying addictive potential so that they come to be used inappropriately and compulsively .

True recovery begins with physical abstinence : i abstaining from sugar , white flour and specific `` anorexic `` foods such as salty substances and raw vegetables or binge foods that the sufferer knows may trigger a binge .
true recovery begins with physical abstinence : i abstaining from sugar , white flour and specific `` anorexic `` foods such as salty substances and raw vegetables or binge foods that the sufferer knows may [spark] a binge .

Being aware that feelings of negativity or excessive inappropriate activity of any kind can trigger the reactivation of the disease process .
being aware that feelings of negativity or excessive inappropriate activity of any kind can [spark] the reactivation of the disease process .

The tip of one finger touched it ! The trigger at least was hers !
the tip of one finger touched it ! the [spark] at least was hers !

It involved identifying common concerns of teachers and then producing stimulus materials to initiate and focus discussion and trigger groups working on them to devise their own plans of action .
it involved identifying common concerns of teachers and then producing stimulus materials to initiate and focus discussion and [spark] groups working on them to devise their own plans of action .

The group is invited to start at a common point : response to a specific trigger — a research quote , a statement about opinions to be completed , a range of factors to be ranked for importance , a role play .
the group is invited to start at a common point : response to a specific [spark] — a research quote , a statement about opinions to be completed , a range of factors to be ranked for importance , a role play .

As winds sweep these chemical pockets into middle latitudes they encounter sunlight and trigger rapid ozone destruction .
as winds sweep these chemical pockets into middle latitudes they encounter sunlight and [spark] rapid ozone destruction .

Whether it was the media , leaders of interest groups , or trigger events ( such as the sequence of New York City smogs during the 1960s , publication of numerous books which continued the theme first introduced in Rachel Carson 's Silent Spring , or Ralph Nader 's environmental reports ) which generated the environmental movement , the media sustained public interest for environmental issues ( figure 8.5 ) .
whether it was the media , leaders of interest groups , or [spark] events ( such as the sequence of new york city smogs during the 1960s , publication of numerous books which continued the theme first introduced in rachel carson 's silent spring , or ralph nader 's environmental reports ) which generated the environmental movement , the media sustained public interest for environmental issues ( figure 8.5 ) .

The action potential serves as a signal in its turn for the synapse to release neurotransmitters which trigger the response in adjacent neurons .
the action potential serves as a signal in its turn for the synapse to release neurotransmitters which [spark] the response in adjacent neurons .

At the same time it was necessary to speculate as to how transient changes in neurotransmitters such as serotonin , or the flow of calcium ions across the synaptic membrane , might in turn trigger the specific synthesis of the new proteins that long-term memory demanded .
at the same time it was necessary to speculate as to how transient changes in neurotransmitters such as serotonin , or the flow of calcium ions across the synaptic membrane , might in turn [spark] the specific synthesis of the new proteins that long-term memory demanded .

He took up the trigger pressure .
he took up the [spark] pressure .

He pulled the trigger .
he pulled the [spark] .

Her finger slipped inside the weapon 's trigger guard .
her finger slipped inside the weapon 's [spark] guard .

Her finger tightened on the trigger .
her finger tightened on the [spark] .

Christine made a grab for his gun as it spun away , but only succeeded in pushing it into a console , where its trigger caught on the comer .
christine made a grab for his gun as it spun away , but only succeeded in pushing it into a console , where its [spark] caught on the comer .

While violence on the field of play may generate tension and even trigger violence , one must probe a little deeper to discover the underlying social roots of the problem .
while violence on the field of play may generate tension and even [spark] violence , one must probe a little deeper to discover the underlying social roots of the problem .

The strikers ' blockade of Orgreave was a precisely planned operation , but the police responded , sending in riot squad reinforcements to match the 5,000 or more pickets , and that was the trigger for some of the worst violence of this lengthy dispute .
the strikers ' blockade of orgreave was a precisely planned operation , but the police responded , sending in riot squad reinforcements to match the 5,000 or more pickets , and that was the [spark] for some of the worst violence of this lengthy dispute .

Like Between , in which foreign languages serve as a psychological trigger to recall the experience of incomprehension that is an integral part of travel , Textermination makes use of novelistic allusions which readers will be aware that they do not always understand .
like between , in which foreign languages serve as a psychological [spark] to recall the experience of incomprehension that is an integral part of travel , textermination makes use of novelistic allusions which readers will be aware that they do not always understand .

After the separation from her husband , Blanche 's love life was a Russian roulette of the emotions : taking men to her heart , and sometimes to her bed , with the fateful enthusiasm of a suicide pulling the trigger of a gun .
after the separation from her husband , blanche 's love life was a russian roulette of the emotions : taking men to her heart , and sometimes to her bed , with the fateful enthusiasm of a suicide pulling the [spark] of a gun .

Cow 's milk can trigger allergies , especially if they run in the family .
cow 's milk can [spark] allergies , especially if they run in the family .

Using a mixture of regression , clustering and genetic algorithms , it becomes possible to ‘ train ’ the computer to recognise the signals that indicate a given event , and to decide the most appropriate action , if any , that such an event should trigger .
using a mixture of regression , clustering and genetic algorithms , it becomes possible to ‘ train ’ the computer to recognise the signals that indicate a given event , and to decide the most appropriate action , if any , that such an event should [spark] .

If a teenager has been feeling acutely depressed for some time , then it may only take a trigger such as exams , to tip her over the edge ( suicide is the third most common cause of death among the under 25s , and the peak months are April to July ) .
if a teenager has been feeling acutely depressed for some time , then it may only take a [spark] such as exams , to tip her over the edge ( suicide is the third most common cause of death among the under 25s , and the peak months are april to july ) .

The immediate trigger was that during the last period of the war the Ministry of Reconstruction 's Housing Advisory Panel , chaired by Lord Salisbury , was successful in establishing the parameters of post-war policy .
the immediate [spark] was that during the last period of the war the ministry of reconstruction 's housing advisory panel , chaired by lord salisbury , was successful in establishing the parameters of post-war policy .

All they could do was watch and wait , trigger off several fuses and watch them burn until one of them , hopefully , ran its full course .
all they could do was watch and wait , [spark] off several fuses and watch them burn until one of them , hopefully , ran its full course .

For Geoffroy , a change in the environment might trigger off a new pattern of growth in the organism — but the result was determined more by the laws of growth than by the adaptive needs of the organism .
for geoffroy , a change in the environment might [spark] off a new pattern of growth in the organism — but the result was determined more by the laws of growth than by the adaptive needs of the organism .

He raised the Browning automatic as if he was at target practice , levelled the sight at the thing 's one remaining monstrous yellow eye — and pulled the trigger .
he raised the browning automatic as if he was at target practice , levelled the sight at the thing 's one remaining monstrous yellow eye — and pulled the [spark] .

He squeezed the trigger and the echo of the shot blasted all around the stairwell .
he squeezed the [spark] and the echo of the shot blasted all around the stairwell .

’ He raised his gun , pointed it directly at Barbara and , before they could react … pulled the trigger .
’ he raised his gun , pointed it directly at barbara and , before they could react … pulled the [spark] .

Cardiff pulled the trigger again , and there was another thunderclap in the office .
cardiff pulled the [spark] again , and there was another thunderclap in the office .

Donna did n't manage to get her finger around the trigger but she did pull the weapon clear , closing her hand around it and using it as a club .
donna did n't manage to get her finger around the [spark] but she did pull the weapon clear , closing her hand around it and using it as a club .

In all the examples supplied by Stack the game obviously stops when the trigger is pulled .
in all the examples supplied by stack the game obviously stops when the [spark] is pulled .

So , when the trigger is pulled on the Light Rifle the software must freeze the action and establish whether the target on the screen is aligned with the position of the gun .
so , when the [spark] is pulled on the light rifle the software must freeze the action and establish whether the target on the screen is aligned with the position of the gun .

In thy , once the trigger has been pulled the amount of code necessary to establish the current screen position of the scan should be very small indeed but observing the software in action tends to indicate that this is n't the always case .
in thy , once the [spark] has been pulled the amount of code necessary to establish the current screen position of the scan should be very small indeed but observing the software in action tends to indicate that this is n't the always case .

The grouse turn a nice shade of red and fall from the sky but the halt in the action when the trigger is pulled is very noticeable .
the grouse turn a nice shade of red and fall from the sky but the halt in the action when the [spark] is pulled is very noticeable .

He held the piece up and sighted it , squeezing the trigger , allowing the hammer to fall on an empty chamber .
he held the piece up and sighted it , squeezing the [spark] , allowing the hammer to fall on an empty chamber .

Rory aimed at the small hole , pulled the trigger .
rory aimed at the small hole , pulled the [spark] .

He pulled the trigger again .
he pulled the [spark] again .

The estate may suffer because it may be impossible for the personal representative to sell the shares at their true value , especially if any attempt to dispose of them would trigger rights of pre-emption or first refusal .
the estate may suffer because it may be impossible for the personal representative to sell the shares at their true value , especially if any attempt to dispose of them would [spark] rights of pre-emption or first refusal .

It was not only physical wounds that left scars ; damage to the mind could throb and fester in secret over many years , and some flash of memory could trigger unexpected , possibly violent reactions .
it was not only physical wounds that left scars ; damage to the mind could throb and fester in secret over many years , and some flash of memory could [spark] unexpected , possibly violent reactions .

Quoting from the L'Express story , the Independent described him as ‘ an associate of one of two Libyan secret agents picked up in Senegal in February 1988 , in possession of a trigger device identical to the one recovered from the Lockerbie wreckage ’ .
quoting from the l'express story , the independent described him as ‘ an associate of one of two libyan secret agents picked up in senegal in february 1988 , in possession of a [spark] device identical to the one recovered from the lockerbie wreckage ’ .

Also , according to the Libyan story in the Independent , the detonator was just a simple timer — not a barometric pressure trigger .
also , according to the libyan story in the independent , the detonator was just a simple timer — not a barometric pressure [spark] .

It seemed as if Walterkin 's request for more information had become a subliminal trigger which Lucien could not , or did not want to , ignore .
it seemed as if walterkin 's request for more information had become a subliminal [spark] which lucien could not , or did not want to , ignore .

Birth of nation 's founder is trigger for festivities
birth of nation 's founder is [spark] for festivities

If between them they acquire ( when aggregated with their existing holdings of shares ) 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights they might similarly breach Rule 5 or trigger an obligation to make a mandatory offer for the target themselves .
if between them they acquire ( when aggregated with their existing holdings of shares ) 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights they might similarly breach rule 5 or [spark] an obligation to make a mandatory offer for the target themselves .

( 4 ) An underwriter who may acquire 30 per cent or more of the bidder 's voting rights as a result of the underwriting may trigger an obligation to make a mandatory bid for the offeror and the Panel should be consulted in such cases .
( 4 ) an underwriter who may acquire 30 per cent or more of the bidder 's voting rights as a result of the underwriting may [spark] an obligation to make a mandatory bid for the offeror and the panel should be consulted in such cases .

7.7.9.2 to pay to the Landlord on demand with Interest the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply ] It is not unreasonable for a lease to contain a provision that the tenant will pay for the reinstatement of premises where insurance has been vitiated subject to a limitation being placed on the persons who can trigger this provision and possibly subject to the tenant being allowed to receive the payable insurance money as the reinstatement progresses . The following amendment to 7.7.9.2 should however be considered :
7.7.9.2 to pay to the landlord on demand with interest the amount of such insurance money so irrecoverable in which event the provisions of clauses 7.5 and 7.6 shall apply ] it is not unreasonable for a lease to contain a provision that the tenant will pay for the reinstatement of premises where insurance has been vitiated subject to a limitation being placed on the persons who can [spark] this provision and possibly subject to the tenant being allowed to receive the payable insurance money as the reinstatement progresses . the following amendment to 7.7.9.2 should however be considered :

Only when the Government could prove that disclosure would cause `` grave and irreparable injury to the public interest `` — details , for example , of troop deployment in wartime or information which might trigger a nuclear war — was a court entitled to stop the presses .
only when the government could prove that disclosure would cause `` grave and irreparable injury to the public interest `` — details , for example , of troop deployment in wartime or information which might [spark] a nuclear war — was a court entitled to stop the presses .

The idea that literary texts may trigger more than one level of reading is also central to Irene Fairley 's paper , which is a discussion of a corpus of interpretative responses to Sylvia Plath 's poem `` Mushrooms `` .
the idea that literary texts may [spark] more than one level of reading is also central to irene fairley 's paper , which is a discussion of a corpus of interpretative responses to sylvia plath 's poem `` mushrooms `` .

Brief as it was , the contact was sufficient to trigger a whole wealth of signals she was working desperately hard to suppress .
brief as it was , the contact was sufficient to [spark] a whole wealth of signals she was working desperately hard to suppress .

Certain foods can trigger an attack .
certain foods can [spark] an attack .

Furthermore , evidence was described to support their contention that the events were of formative importance , and were not merely serving to trigger depression in a woman who would shortly have become depressed anyway .
furthermore , evidence was described to support their contention that the events were of formative importance , and were not merely serving to [spark] depression in a woman who would shortly have become depressed anyway .

Events which have been implicated in schizophrenia are of a more everyday nature ( although it is possible that many also have a private meaning ) , and a very wide range of emotionally arousing events may trigger a relapse .
events which have been implicated in schizophrenia are of a more everyday nature ( although it is possible that many also have a private meaning ) , and a very wide range of emotionally arousing events may [spark] a relapse .

Following a share buy-in , a capitalisation issue may trigger a distribution for tax purposes under s210 .
following a share buy-in , a capitalisation issue may [spark] a distribution for tax purposes under s210 .

Frequently , investors also insist that they can trigger the redemption provisions upon a material breach of the subscription and shareholders ' agreement .
frequently , investors also insist that they can [spark] the redemption provisions upon a material breach of the subscription and shareholders ' agreement .

One of the purposes of warranties is , as has been seen , to trigger disclosures so that Newco , the management and the investors can see precisely what they are buying .
one of the purposes of warranties is , as has been seen , to [spark] disclosures so that newco , the management and the investors can see precisely what they are buying .

Greenpeace 's scientific director , Susan Mayer , warned that discharges of toxic waste into rivers and from there into the sea could soon trigger `` marine meltdown `` a large-scale collapse of fish and sea mammal populations `` .
greenpeace 's scientific director , susan mayer , warned that discharges of toxic waste into rivers and from there into the sea could soon [spark] `` marine meltdown `` a large-scale collapse of fish and sea mammal populations `` .

The quota for this year has been set at 120,000 tonnes ( compared with 235,000 in 1989 ) , with a proviso that only 25,000 tonnes can be caught before July , at which point the report of a new study may trigger further cuts .
the quota for this year has been set at 120,000 tonnes ( compared with 235,000 in 1989 ) , with a proviso that only 25,000 tonnes can be caught before july , at which point the report of a new study may [spark] further cuts .

One implication of the research is that particles entering the stratosphere may trigger ozone depletion , even though they may have quite different chemical compositions to other particles in the stratosphere .
one implication of the research is that particles entering the stratosphere may [spark] ozone depletion , even though they may have quite different chemical compositions to other particles in the stratosphere .

The amount of hot air likely to be generated over the 12 days could trigger off the kind of chain reaction that global warming scientists only refer to in hushed tones .
the amount of hot air likely to be generated over the 12 days could [spark] off the kind of chain reaction that global warming scientists only refer to in hushed tones .

He hefted the pistol towards the window , laid it on the sill , cocked it , put a percussion cap beneath the hammer , directed it at some sepoys trotting below , and pulled the trigger , confident that a sepoy would throw up his arms and sink to the ground .
he hefted the pistol towards the window , laid it on the sill , cocked it , put a percussion cap beneath the hammer , directed it at some sepoys trotting below , and pulled the [spark] , confident that a sepoy would throw up his arms and sink to the ground .

But when he pulled the trigger , it fired .
but when he pulled the [spark] , it fired .

But never mind , though their blue-veined old hands might be trembling their fingers could still pull a trigger .
but never mind , though their blue-veined old hands might be trembling their fingers could still pull a [spark] .

The trigger fish feeds on coral , crunching the stony branches and extracting the little polyps .
the [spark] fish feeds on coral , crunching the stony branches and extracting the little polyps .

The trigger , which gives the fish its name , is the leading ray of its dorsal fin which has become bony .
the [spark] , which gives the fish its name , is the leading ray of its dorsal fin which has become bony .

When waves crash over the reef , the fish swims into a crevice , sticks up its bony trigger and locks itself in place so firmly that neither ocean currents , hungry predators nor inquisitive skin divers can extract it .
when waves crash over the reef , the fish swims into a crevice , sticks up its bony [spark] and locks itself in place so firmly that neither ocean currents , hungry predators nor inquisitive skin divers can extract it .

He then uses much the same repertory of colours and patterns and fin displays as he did for aggression , but in a female these trigger a series of different responses that eventually culminates in the laying of eggs .
he then uses much the same repertory of colours and patterns and fin displays as he did for aggression , but in a female these [spark] a series of different responses that eventually culminates in the laying of eggs .

He pulled the automatic from his holster but stopped short of curling his finger around the trigger .
he pulled the automatic from his holster but stopped short of curling his finger around the [spark] .

But he still could n't bring himself to touch the trigger .
but he still could n't bring himself to touch the [spark] .

But that was when he could still pull a trigger .
but that was when he could still pull a [spark] .

He bit his lip as he tried to thread his finger through the trigger guard .
he bit his lip as he tried to thread his finger through the [spark] guard .

‘ Not until you 've told me what the hell happened to make you trigger shy .
‘ not until you 've told me what the hell happened to make you [spark] shy .

The attempt by Frenchmen to seize a Chinese junk carrying what was considered to be a cargo of contraband fuel , and their ensuing capture by Vietminh militia , was an unlikely incident to trigger a war and falls , no doubt , into Aristotle 's category of trivial occasions .
the attempt by frenchmen to seize a chinese junk carrying what was considered to be a cargo of contraband fuel , and their ensuing capture by vietminh militia , was an unlikely incident to [spark] a war and falls , no doubt , into aristotle 's category of trivial occasions .

So far as we can be aware the infant , in its earliest stages , can not distinguish between `` self `` and `` non-self `` , or between its own perceptions and sensations and the phenomena which trigger them .
so far as we can be aware the infant , in its earliest stages , can not distinguish between `` self `` and `` non-self `` , or between its own perceptions and sensations and the phenomena which [spark] them .

But do n't just stand there looking brave , press the trigger of yer gun and spray some slugs around .
but do n't just stand there looking brave , press the [spark] of yer gun and spray some slugs around .

Try to record anything you can remember — details , a feeling , colours , even an odd word can sometimes trigger the total memory of a dream .
try to record anything you can remember — details , a feeling , colours , even an odd word can sometimes [spark] the total memory of a dream .

One of the most important measures in the effective treatment of sickle cell disease is to minimise the number of crises by educating sufferers and their families about circumstances which may trigger a sickling crisis .
one of the most important measures in the effective treatment of sickle cell disease is to minimise the number of crises by educating sufferers and their families about circumstances which may [spark] a sickling crisis .

The most frequent trigger to that crisis was career blockage , the realization that they , with the vast majority , would not make it to the top .
the most frequent [spark] to that crisis was career blockage , the realization that they , with the vast majority , would not make it to the top .

The terms ‘ Jewish ’ , ‘ Irish ’ , ‘ Japanese ’ , ‘ American ’ , ‘ Russian ’ and ‘ Muslim ’ trigger different snapshots of assumed personality traits .
the terms ‘ jewish ’ , ‘ irish ’ , ‘ japanese ’ , ‘ american ’ , ‘ russian ’ and ‘ muslim ’ [spark] different snapshots of assumed personality traits .

The pattern caused problems , in that the circumstances which might trigger off renewed fighting were unpredictable ; yet the moment an opportunity offered , princes had to be prepared for invading their enemies ; there was no time for lengthy preparation .
the pattern caused problems , in that the circumstances which might [spark] off renewed fighting were unpredictable ; yet the moment an opportunity offered , princes had to be prepared for invading their enemies ; there was no time for lengthy preparation .

Using ‘ government ’ instead of ‘ state ’ , carries important trigger connotations of accountability to electors that are missing from the coercive feel of the term ‘ state ’ .
using ‘ government ’ instead of ‘ state ’ , carries important [spark] connotations of accountability to electors that are missing from the coercive feel of the term ‘ state ’ .

For a brief moment , she had seen herself raising the tiny silver gun and pulling the trigger , once and then again , the blood appearing like a diseased flower on Lewis 's soiled shirt .
for a brief moment , she had seen herself raising the tiny silver gun and pulling the [spark] , once and then again , the blood appearing like a diseased flower on lewis 's soiled shirt .

Katherine started awake , confused for a single moment , images of the dream in which she had shot John Lewis still vivid behind her eyes — except now when she raised the gun and pulled the trigger , it was her son who spun away , red blossoming on his shirt .
katherine started awake , confused for a single moment , images of the dream in which she had shot john lewis still vivid behind her eyes — except now when she raised the gun and pulled the [spark] , it was her son who spun away , red blossoming on his shirt .

It seemed to set it off , to trigger it , for as it slipped along her skin like a bead of ice , a huge pain took hold of her left arm , as if an iron claw had grasped it .
it seemed to set it off , to [spark] it , for as it slipped along her skin like a bead of ice , a huge pain took hold of her left arm , as if an iron claw had grasped it .

That was the trigger that started the weeping .
that was the [spark] that started the weeping .

The death in 1990 of Leonard Bernstein , a longtime friend and colleague , was the trigger that really got the project rolling .
the death in 1990 of leonard bernstein , a longtime friend and colleague , was the [spark] that really got the project rolling .

3 Insert the cartridge , nozzle end first . Pump the trigger ( c ) until the follower plate ( d ) reaches the end of the cartridge
3 insert the cartridge , nozzle end first . pump the [spark] ( c ) until the follower plate ( d ) reaches the end of the cartridge

4 Apply the sealant ( or other product ) by slowly squeezing the trigger to obtain an even flow — practise this first
4 apply the sealant ( or other product ) by slowly squeezing the [spark] to obtain an even flow — practise this first

5 When you want to stop the flow of sealant , release the trigger ( c ) and depress the clutch plate ( a )
5 when you want to stop the flow of sealant , release the [spark] ( c ) and depress the clutch plate ( a )

This is the trigger question which has been used recently to encourage students in the Department of Industrial Technology to contribute to the monitoring and evaluation of the management , delivery and content of their course .
this is the [spark] question which has been used recently to encourage students in the department of industrial technology to contribute to the monitoring and evaluation of the management , delivery and content of their course .

Using the deliberately open ended trigger sentence , we then asked each student to take two minutes , working alone , to identify one ‘ good ’ factor from their own personal experience of learning on their course .
using the deliberately open ended [spark] sentence , we then asked each student to take two minutes , working alone , to identify one ‘ good ’ factor from their own personal experience of learning on their course .

While the roots of both bulimia and anorexia lie in childhood and a disordered family background , uncertainty and anxiety in adult life provide the trigger for the illness .
while the roots of both bulimia and anorexia lie in childhood and a disordered family background , uncertainty and anxiety in adult life provide the [spark] for the illness .

Clean out all loose masonry and dust ; dampen the area thoroughly with clean water and inject Evo-Seal Expanding Filler into the void by operating the trigger on the plastic nozzle . Protect your eyes and use the plastic gloves supplied
clean out all loose masonry and dust ; dampen the area thoroughly with clean water and inject evo-seal expanding filler into the void by operating the [spark] on the plastic nozzle . protect your eyes and use the plastic gloves supplied

This served as a wonderful trigger for the crowd .
this served as a wonderful [spark] for the crowd .

The trigger effect of a few schools opting out could lead to an avalanche of applications .
the [spark] effect of a few schools opting out could lead to an avalanche of applications .

All in all , a trip down under can be an unsettling experience , liable to trigger off spasms of creative impotence .
all in all , a trip down under can be an unsettling experience , liable to [spark] off spasms of creative impotence .

’ Cecil inserted another high-calibre short-range evil-doer into his assault cannon and pulled the trigger .
’ cecil inserted another high-calibre short-range evil-doer into his assault cannon and pulled the [spark] .

Laura smiled and cocked the trigger .
laura smiled and cocked the [spark] .

’ Laura squeezed the trigger .
’ laura squeezed the [spark] .

‘ We could push it through the letter-hole and pull the trigger .
‘ we could push it through the letter-hole and pull the [spark] .

Then , as Rory relaxed , he pulled the trigger .
then , as rory relaxed , he pulled the [spark] .

‘ All right , perhaps they pulled the trigger .
‘ all right , perhaps they pulled the [spark] .

NSAIDs may also trigger or exacerbate bleeding from vascular lesions with the intestine as well as malignant lesions .
nsaids may also [spark] or exacerbate bleeding from vascular lesions with the intestine as well as malignant lesions .

In previous studies in the rat , we reproduced the intermittent duodenal acid exposure that occurs physiologically , and observed that pulses of acid entering the duodenum trigger a response of adaptive cytoprotection by the duodenal mucosa and stimulate the release of cytoprotective prostaglandins into the duodenal lumen .
in previous studies in the rat , we reproduced the intermittent duodenal acid exposure that occurs physiologically , and observed that pulses of acid entering the duodenum [spark] a response of adaptive cytoprotection by the duodenal mucosa and stimulate the release of cytoprotective prostaglandins into the duodenal lumen .

We used bilateral intrahippocampal microdialysis to test the hypothesis that an increase in extracellular glutamate may trigger spontaneous seizures .
we used bilateral intrahippocampal microdialysis to test the hypothesis that an increase in extracellular glutamate may [spark] spontaneous seizures .

While it is not easy to establish as an empirical matter what the current income-wealth distribution is , even if it could be established , the question of what degree of inequality should be the trigger for government policy remains .
while it is not easy to establish as an empirical matter what the current income-wealth distribution is , even if it could be established , the question of what degree of inequality should be the [spark] for government policy remains .

With stable macro policies of either a monetary or a fiscal kind , rational expectations on behalf of economic agents mean that such agents fully appreciate the signals that trigger government policy and the prescriptions that follow , internalizing this into their behaviour .
with stable macro policies of either a monetary or a fiscal kind , rational expectations on behalf of economic agents mean that such agents fully appreciate the signals that [spark] government policy and the prescriptions that follow , internalizing this into their behaviour .

‘ Al Capone has got his finger on the trigger at long last .
‘ al capone has got his finger on the [spark] at long last .

An American retaliatory strike would either have to be launched before the incoming missiles arrived — a policy that would put nuclear war on a hair trigger and increase the chance of a mistake — or would have to consist of submarine-launched missiles which are only accurate enough to cities .
an american retaliatory strike would either have to be launched before the incoming missiles arrived — a policy that would put nuclear war on a hair [spark] and increase the chance of a mistake — or would have to consist of submarine-launched missiles which are only accurate enough to cities .

trigger clauses
[spark] clauses

Trigger clauses .
[spark] clauses .

Trigger clauses define the conditions when the balance of the amount outstanding becomes due .
[spark] clauses define the conditions when the balance of the amount outstanding becomes due .

Unless they did so , he warned , he would abandon the bipartisan sprit of the negotiations and publicly denounce them ; he also threatened to veto all spending bills and thereby trigger the automatic Gramm-Rudman cuts .
unless they did so , he warned , he would abandon the bipartisan sprit of the negotiations and publicly denounce them ; he also threatened to veto all spending bills and thereby [spark] the automatic gramm-rudman cuts .

At a news conference on Sept. 18 Habash declared that `` in case the United States and its allies commit an aggression against Iraq , our fingers will pull the trigger to open fire on the forces of aggression `` .
at a news conference on sept. 18 habash declared that `` in case the united states and its allies commit an aggression against iraq , our fingers will pull the [spark] to open fire on the forces of aggression `` .

Washington could not but be uneasy when it heard the British ( and later the French ) hinting ( and sometimes stating more explicitly ) that their nuclear force might be used to trigger American use of nuclear weapons in an East–West confrontation .
washington could not but be uneasy when it heard the british ( and later the french ) hinting ( and sometimes stating more explicitly ) that their nuclear force might be used to [spark] american use of nuclear weapons in an east–west confrontation .

They did not travel to Tibet to seek enlightenment in high places and in an alien culture — though one at least knew the capacity of the literal pilgrimage journey to trigger an existential experience of this power , and they all believed some kind of solitude and withdrawal from the normal conditions of social life to be an enabler of such knowledge .
they did not travel to tibet to seek enlightenment in high places and in an alien culture — though one at least knew the capacity of the literal pilgrimage journey to [spark] an existential experience of this power , and they all believed some kind of solitude and withdrawal from the normal conditions of social life to be an enabler of such knowledge .

Margery 's reactions may have been physically extreme , but her account highlights the peculiar potential in the liturgy to trigger existential experiences of the faith .
margery 's reactions may have been physically extreme , but her account highlights the peculiar potential in the liturgy to [spark] existential experiences of the faith .

They could operate as a focus or trigger for meditative understanding .
they could operate as a focus or [spark] for meditative understanding .

’ Then he rolled over , pointed the gun at the bulky figure and pulled the trigger twice in rapid succession .
’ then he rolled over , pointed the gun at the bulky figure and pulled the [spark] twice in rapid succession .

Jerking the trigger instead of squeezing it with a steady pressure , meant the gun muzzle being pulled slightly down and left for the first shot .
jerking the [spark] instead of squeezing it with a steady pressure , meant the gun muzzle being pulled slightly down and left for the first shot .

He was acutely conscious of the fact that his life hung on a twitch of his captor 's trigger finger .
he was acutely conscious of the fact that his life hung on a twitch of his captor 's [spark] finger .

All he had to do was pull the trigger .
all he had to do was pull the [spark] .

But as they fell , one of the four convulsively jerked the trigger of his gun .
but as they fell , one of the four convulsively jerked the [spark] of his gun .

But in the split second it took Angel Two to cover the few feet between them , Grant reflexively pulled the trigger of the shotgun .
but in the split second it took angel two to cover the few feet between them , grant reflexively pulled the [spark] of the shotgun .

Grant leapt back behind the cover of the metal sheathed door and as he did so , pulled the trigger of the shotgun , blasting off a wild shot up the length of the corridor .
grant leapt back behind the cover of the metal sheathed door and as he did so , pulled the [spark] of the shotgun , blasting off a wild shot up the length of the corridor .

This time when the firing stopped , he stuck the shotgun round the door with his right hand and pulled the trigger .
this time when the firing stopped , he stuck the shotgun round the door with his right hand and pulled the [spark] .

Then he unfroze , pulled the trigger of the shotgun and leapt back into cover , all in the same movement .
then he unfroze , pulled the [spark] of the shotgun and leapt back into cover , all in the same movement .

Quickly loading the Very pistol with the red cartridge , Larsen aimed it at the open skylight and pulled the trigger .
quickly loading the very pistol with the red cartridge , larsen aimed it at the open skylight and pulled the [spark] .

Grimly he worked the pump action to eject the load , closing his mind to the thought of the wall and ceiling smeared with his brain matter , when he put the muzzle in his mouth and pulled the trigger .
grimly he worked the pump action to eject the load , closing his mind to the thought of the wall and ceiling smeared with his brain matter , when he put the muzzle in his mouth and pulled the [spark] .

Aiming high for a body shot , so he would avoid hitting the prostrate Grant , he squeezed the trigger .
aiming high for a body shot , so he would avoid hitting the prostrate grant , he squeezed the [spark] .

The new stand was the trigger for the layout .
the new stand was the [spark] for the layout .

One day he would open up a book — some new sword-and-sorcery trilogy , probably — and something he would read there would trigger what he knew was locked away in his own brain somewhere .
one day he would open up a book — some new sword-and-sorcery trilogy , probably — and something he would read there would [spark] what he knew was locked away in his own brain somewhere .

Soon Godwin was to sell the shop to Collins — and trigger its slow decline — but before he quit for a job as chief editor with Penguin Books he decided to open a paperback section in Old Compton Street .
soon godwin was to sell the shop to collins — and [spark] its slow decline — but before he quit for a job as chief editor with penguin books he decided to open a paperback section in old compton street .

Fears are growing that the event will trigger violence following the trouble which broke out during a recent ‘ warm-up ’ session for the reggae extravaganza .
fears are growing that the event will [spark] violence following the trouble which broke out during a recent ‘ warm-up ’ session for the reggae extravaganza .

He decided to risk a burst at long range and squeezed the trigger ; nothing happened .
he decided to risk a burst at long range and squeezed the [spark] ; nothing happened .

’ He pulled the trigger and sent the tin pinning through the air .
’ he pulled the [spark] and sent the tin pinning through the air .

’ Woolley pulled the trigger , and Hawthorn 's cap spun to earth ten feet behind him .
’ woolley pulled the [spark] , and hawthorn 's cap spun to earth ten feet behind him .

The three principal figures in his demonology proved to be the Shah , Israel and the United States , and in a sermon against this trio in March 1963 he had done much to trigger the disturbances of that summer and the process that led to his banishment to Najaf in Iraq .
the three principal figures in his demonology proved to be the shah , israel and the united states , and in a sermon against this trio in march 1963 he had done much to [spark] the disturbances of that summer and the process that led to his banishment to najaf in iraq .

They value their role not as therapists but as enablers , agents to trigger off dormant creative processes which in turn bring pleasure .
they value their role not as therapists but as enablers , agents to [spark] off dormant creative processes which in turn bring pleasure .

This is a condition affecting the events which trigger the operation and will enable the triggering of that operation .
this is a condition affecting the events which [spark] the operation and will enable the triggering of that operation .

No time to aim , Sam jerks the trigger .
no time to aim , sam jerks the [spark] .

It is sensitive to slight movements of the camera , subject or reference strip and will sometimes trigger spurious diagnostics .
it is sensitive to slight movements of the camera , subject or reference strip and will sometimes [spark] spurious diagnostics .

The tests which trigger the various diagnostics need investigating .
the tests which [spark] the various diagnostics need investigating .

Again , in some light conditions this can lead to problems which trigger a diagnostic .
again , in some light conditions this can lead to problems which [spark] a diagnostic .

Their trigger fingers are obviously becoming more itchy ; last year they took nine months to fire off 313,000 rounds at demonstrators with a total bill to the Korean taxpayer of $ 6.7 million .
their [spark] fingers are obviously becoming more itchy ; last year they took nine months to fire off 313,000 rounds at demonstrators with a total bill to the korean taxpayer of $ 6.7 million .

We are made to wait while he shows his new toys ; a scarlet tricycle , a pull-along duck , a space-age gun playing the tunes of eight different police sirens when you pull the trigger .
we are made to wait while he shows his new toys ; a scarlet tricycle , a pull-along duck , a space-age gun playing the tunes of eight different police sirens when you pull the [spark] .

On security , is not the most urgent initiative to try to help the republics with the leaking trigger mechanisms of many of the nuclear devices on their territory ? Should not we as a practical matter offer them the facilities of Burghfield and Dounreay to do something about the beryllium and other toxic compounds which are doubtless leaking from ill-maintained equipment ? Even the manuals have been taken away by those who have found jobs in Iran and elsewhere .
on security , is not the most urgent initiative to try to help the republics with the leaking [spark] mechanisms of many of the nuclear devices on their territory ? should not we as a practical matter offer them the facilities of burghfield and dounreay to do something about the beryllium and other toxic compounds which are doubtless leaking from ill-maintained equipment ? even the manuals have been taken away by those who have found jobs in iran and elsewhere .

She gave a dark scowl , left the room and trudged downstairs , her mood so prickly that she knew it would only need one wrong word from Julius to trigger off her own temper .
she gave a dark scowl , left the room and trudged downstairs , her mood so prickly that she knew it would only need one wrong word from julius to [spark] off her own temper .

We know this individual pulled the trigger , but there are several possibilities as to who was actually responsible .
we know this individual pulled the [spark] , but there are several possibilities as to who was actually responsible .

The federal government on Jan. 8 accused Serbia of having critically undermined the federal monetary system and of jeopardizing economic reforms because the illegal issue would trigger inflation and threaten the dinar 's stability .
the federal government on jan. 8 accused serbia of having critically undermined the federal monetary system and of jeopardizing economic reforms because the illegal issue would [spark] inflation and threaten the dinar 's stability .

In Lamb , above , the accused pulled the trigger of a gun and killed his best friend , but there was no assault because both did not expect a bullet to come out of the barrel .
in lamb , above , the accused pulled the [spark] of a gun and killed his best friend , but there was no assault because both did not expect a bullet to come out of the barrel .

He pulled the trigger , believing that the safety catch was on .
he pulled the [spark] , believing that the safety catch was on .

Even if the reason does n't seem fully convincing , or seems in itself unimportant , the process of analysing the word can sometimes serve as a trigger which enables you to remember the correct spelling .
even if the reason does n't seem fully convincing , or seems in itself unimportant , the process of analysing the word can sometimes serve as a [spark] which enables you to remember the correct spelling .

With NVQs a trainee can trigger a demand for assessment whenever he or she reaches competence .
with nvqs a trainee can [spark] a demand for assessment whenever he or she reaches competence .

Thumbsucking in the womb , for example , may trigger a preference for being right or left-handed , according to De Peter Hepper at Queens University in Belfast .
thumbsucking in the womb , for example , may [spark] a preference for being right or left-handed , according to de peter hepper at queens university in belfast .

Everyone present knows what is to be done , indeed has rehearsed it , and all that is needed to trigger the next move is a loud noise from the expected direction .
everyone present knows what is to be done , indeed has rehearsed it , and all that is needed to [spark] the next move is a loud noise from the expected direction .

embodied in a structure , together with a trigger identifying , in conjunction with the structure , the option to be conveyed .
embodied in a structure , together with a [spark] identifying , in conjunction with the structure , the option to be conveyed .

The hypothesis is that , when there is no formal communication structure to ensure that the symbols used trigger the same reaction everywhere , differentiations such as those above have the effect of making it probable that they will trigger quite different responses in different people .
the hypothesis is that , when there is no formal communication structure to ensure that the symbols used [spark] the same reaction everywhere , differentiations such as those above have the effect of making it probable that they will [spark] quite different responses in different people .

The Soviet parliament approved special measures allowing the military to take over the railways to get supplies through , but the army held off , apparently reluctant to trigger fresh protests .
the soviet parliament approved special measures allowing the military to take over the railways to get supplies through , but the army held off , apparently reluctant to [spark] fresh protests .

Beyond these , at a deeper level , images exist that can trigger emotions in all mankind .
beyond these , at a deeper level , images exist that can [spark] emotions in all mankind .

So every time a bit is put in the horse 's mouth it can trigger the fear of being hurt .
so every time a bit is put in the horse 's mouth it can [spark] the fear of being hurt .

Now we are looking at it from the point of view of anticipating a loss which will trigger the grief response .
now we are looking at it from the point of view of anticipating a loss which will [spark] the grief response .

This of course does not deny the grief that will be expressed , but it often acts as a strong trigger for its positive expression in a healthy way .
this of course does not deny the grief that will be expressed , but it often acts as a strong [spark] for its positive expression in a healthy way .

This has two aspects : that all the members of a group were obliged to join in the fighting or threats ; and that there was some automatic trigger contained in the genealogy which determined the number of the combatants .
this has two aspects : that all the members of a group were obliged to join in the fighting or threats ; and that there was some automatic [spark] contained in the genealogy which determined the number of the combatants .

The genealogical trigger determining the numbers involved , the extensiveness of the quarrel , is thus the branching of the tree through brotherhood : by tracing the extent of obligation to two brothers ( rather than to their father ) each disputant secures the maximum of supporters who owe him loyalty and who do not in that particular instance owe loyalty to the other side .
the genealogical [spark] determining the numbers involved , the extensiveness of the quarrel , is thus the branching of the tree through brotherhood : by tracing the extent of obligation to two brothers ( rather than to their father ) each disputant secures the maximum of supporters who owe him loyalty and who do not in that particular instance owe loyalty to the other side .

To correct the problem , researchers transplanted a copy of the missing gene into the child 's body in order to trigger production of the crucial enzyme .
to correct the problem , researchers transplanted a copy of the missing gene into the child 's body in order to [spark] production of the crucial enzyme .

They 're teaching them to pull the trigger at the Academy of Marksmanship .
they 're teaching them to pull the [spark] at the academy of marksmanship .

The MacMahon Act did not , as is often suggested , trigger Attlee 's decision in January 1947 to go ahead with the development of the British atomic bomb .
the macmahon act did not , as is often suggested , [spark] attlee 's decision in january 1947 to go ahead with the development of the british atomic bomb .

He pulled the trigger and the report was deafening .
he pulled the [spark] and the report was deafening .

Since some astronomers believe that the shock wave from a supernova would be needed to trigger the formation of a solar system , direct evidence of such an explosion would be illuminating , to say the least .
since some astronomers believe that the shock wave from a supernova would be needed to [spark] the formation of a solar system , direct evidence of such an explosion would be illuminating , to say the least .

Nigel Short has realistic prospects of an individual world title match ; Michael Adams may be the player of the 1990s , but for others our runner-up medals behind Soviet gold could trigger a motivation crisis .
nigel short has realistic prospects of an individual world title match ; michael adams may be the player of the 1990s , but for others our runner-up medals behind soviet gold could [spark] a motivation crisis .

Some figures put the market share at more than 25 per cent which would normally trigger a monopolies inquiry .
some figures put the market share at more than 25 per cent which would normally [spark] a monopolies inquiry .

The iron 's ‘ trigger ’ , concealed in its handle , was jolly good fun to operate .
the iron 's ‘ [spark] ’ , concealed in its handle , was jolly good fun to operate .

But as he climbed onto it he slipped to the ground , catching his arm on the trigger handle .
but as he climbed onto it he slipped to the ground , catching his arm on the [spark] handle .

What is needed to trigger confidence and growth is a Conservative victory with a decisive majority .
what is needed to [spark] confidence and growth is a conservative victory with a decisive majority .

The trigger is a three-position rocker switch , turning the gun on and selecting one of two air speeds : this allows rapid or slow heating up — useful when working with very delicate materials such as plastic or plastic film .
the [spark] is a three-position rocker switch , turning the gun on and selecting one of two air speeds : this allows rapid or slow heating up — useful when working with very delicate materials such as plastic or plastic film .

The only controls are a variable speed dial mounted on the top of the trigger , and a small lock-on button .
the only controls are a variable speed dial mounted on the top of the [spark] , and a small lock-on button .

The cutting action is very positive , and the trigger is large enough to use easily if the operator is wearing protective gloves .
the cutting action is very positive , and the [spark] is large enough to use easily if the operator is wearing protective gloves .

When the trigger is pulled the adhesive having been heated to melting point is squeezed out of the front nozzle .
when the [spark] is pulled the adhesive having been heated to melting point is squeezed out of the front nozzle .

Low temperature melt sticks are pushed into back of gun and trigger pressure forces the melted glue out of the nozzle
low temperature melt sticks are pushed into back of gun and [spark] pressure forces the melted glue out of the nozzle

Read it aloud half a dozen times then try to set down the framework and some key ‘ trigger words ’ on half a dozen index cards .
read it aloud half a dozen times then try to set down the framework and some key ‘ [spark] words ’ on half a dozen index cards .

Their natural reaction to this is to shed leaves , to cut maintenance back to the essential main frame as it were , and this may happen during August or at the beginning of September , long before the frosts which generally trigger leaf fall .
their natural reaction to this is to shed leaves , to cut maintenance back to the essential main frame as it were , and this may happen during august or at the beginning of september , long before the frosts which generally [spark] leaf fall .

‘ If we have learned anything from the last few years , it is that availability is the main occasion and the trigger for experimentation among the young . ’
‘ if we have learned anything from the last few years , it is that availability is the main occasion and the [spark] for experimentation among the young . ’

Even if the laws of psychophysics are empirical laws in the sense of correlating one type of observation or experience with another , they are not laws about the relationship between experience and that which lies outside of experience and is its trigger or basis — ‘ pure ’ , objective , material energy .
even if the laws of psychophysics are empirical laws in the sense of correlating one type of observation or experience with another , they are not laws about the relationship between experience and that which lies outside of experience and is its [spark] or basis — ‘ pure ’ , objective , material energy .

Shingles arises when some ‘ trigger factor ’ reactivates the virus .
shingles arises when some ‘ [spark] factor ’ reactivates the virus .

Some , like chickweed and poppies , have seeds that lie dormant in the soil for long periods until the right conditions trigger them to life .
some , like chickweed and poppies , have seeds that lie dormant in the soil for long periods until the right conditions [spark] them to life .

Too much sun , for example helps trigger the premature bolting to seed of some crops in summer , which is one reason why later sowings of radishes , salads or spinach are much better situated in a cool , shady bed .
too much sun , for example helps [spark] the premature bolting to seed of some crops in summer , which is one reason why later sowings of radishes , salads or spinach are much better situated in a cool , shady bed .

In particular , the New Moon present in your own birth sign on the 29th will trigger off a new period of some really quite remarkable and reassuring developments in your very personal life .
in particular , the new moon present in your own birth sign on the 29th will [spark] off a new period of some really quite remarkable and reassuring developments in your very personal life .

The Guardia Nacional wear jackboots and hook their fingers in their trigger guards .
the guardia nacional wear jackboots and hook their fingers in their [spark] guards .

‘ Once they were shy , ’ he told me , ‘ but now they attack because the white man … ’ he pointed an imaginary rifle at the window and pulled the trigger .
‘ once they were shy , ’ he told me , ‘ but now they attack because the white man … ’ he pointed an imaginary rifle at the window and pulled the [spark] .

The bomb had a barometric trigger of the kind that had been used to bomb aircraft before .
the bomb had a barometric [spark] of the kind that had been used to bomb aircraft before .

But a spokesman for Bond Corporation admitted that the receivership could trigger Mr Bond 's mountain of debt , making financial collapse almost inevitable .
but a spokesman for bond corporation admitted that the receivership could [spark] mr bond 's mountain of debt , making financial collapse almost inevitable .

‘ In theory , it could trigger the repayment of every other facility we have .
‘ in theory , it could [spark] the repayment of every other facility we have .

It was a life-size cutout of Roy Rogers on Trigger that held me .
it was a life-size cutout of roy rogers on [spark] that held me .

Perceptions contain no element of approval or disapproval though they may trigger a reaction in terms of approval .
perceptions contain no element of approval or disapproval though they may [spark] a reaction in terms of approval .

The Chancellor might be forced to raise rates again if sterling took a nosedive , but he did not need to sit with his finger on the trigger .
the chancellor might be forced to raise rates again if sterling took a nosedive , but he did not need to sit with his finger on the [spark] .

The first argument centred on the producer 's plan to sample Charman 's kit , a process where pads are used to trigger off sounds in a computer .
the first argument centred on the producer 's plan to sample charman 's kit , a process where pads are used to [spark] off sounds in a computer .

You do n't find out that the gun 's not loaded until after you 've heard the trigger click .
you do n't find out that the gun 's not loaded until after you 've heard the [spark] click .

As the Hare-woman 's golden eyes narrowed and hardened and her finger moved towards the trigger .
as the hare-woman 's golden eyes narrowed and hardened and her finger moved towards the [spark] .

There were lots of smaller snapshots of him sitting astride Trigger , or propped on cushions behind the steering-wheel of Buddie 's truck , or standing in the garden in his very smartest clothes .
there were lots of smaller snapshots of him sitting astride [spark] , or propped on cushions behind the steering-wheel of buddie 's truck , or standing in the garden in his very smartest clothes .

Someone even remembered seeing the famous photograph of Frankie on Trigger , his circus pony .
someone even remembered seeing the famous photograph of frankie on [spark] , his circus pony .

Trigger sprayers : These hand sprayers easily recognisable by their trigger pump action are known widely to gardeners .
[spark] sprayers : these hand sprayers easily recognisable by their [spark] pump action are known widely to gardeners .

They are commonly supplied with 600 ml plastic bottle reservoirs into which the trigger head is screwed .
they are commonly supplied with 600 ml plastic bottle reservoirs into which the [spark] head is screwed .

Hand pressure sprayers : Again well known to gardeners these sprayers consist of a rigid plastic or metal container with a screw on or integral hand pump assembly , a spray wand and trigger .
hand pressure sprayers : again well known to gardeners these sprayers consist of a rigid plastic or metal container with a screw on or integral hand pump assembly , a spray wand and [spark] .

Pressure jet cleaners : Often mistaken for steam cleaners , these are mobile high pressure pumps usually electrically powered with a lengthy pressured hose , spray wand and trigger assembly .
pressure jet cleaners : often mistaken for steam cleaners , these are mobile high pressure pumps usually electrically powered with a lengthy pressured hose , spray wand and [spark] assembly .

The resignation of Sir Geoffrey Howe , the Deputy Prime Minister and last remaining member of Mrs Thatcher 's original 1979 Cabinet , on 1 November provided both the issue and the trigger .
the resignation of sir geoffrey howe , the deputy prime minister and last remaining member of mrs thatcher 's original 1979 cabinet , on 1 november provided both the issue and the [spark] .

Cutout , below : Improve your home security with a Philips automatic floodlight system , which includes a passive infra-red sensor to trigger the light when someone approaches
cutout , below : improve your home security with a philips automatic floodlight system , which includes a passive infra-red sensor to [spark] the light when someone approaches

To start the saw , the starting lock at the top of the handle has to be pressed forwards and at the same time the trigger switch is squeezed .
to start the saw , the starting lock at the top of the handle has to be pressed forwards and at the same time the [spark] switch is squeezed .

The saw is fitted with a quick-stop blade system , and as soon as the trigger is released , the blade stops almost instantaneously ; a good safety feature .
the saw is fitted with a quick-stop blade system , and as soon as the [spark] is released , the blade stops almost instantaneously ; a good safety feature .

The stroke rate is controlled by squeezing the trigger , and a particular stroke rate can be pre-selected by turning a small thumb wheel situated on the trigger .
the stroke rate is controlled by squeezing the [spark] , and a particular stroke rate can be pre-selected by turning a small thumb wheel situated on the [spark] .

It works with a variable speed trigger , but the speed ( 0–400rpm ) is considerably slower than a normal percussion drill .
it works with a variable speed [spark] , but the speed ( 0–400rpm ) is considerably slower than a normal percussion drill .

Drill held by side handle with two fingers on the trigger
drill held by side handle with two fingers on the [spark]

The 4320 jigsaw has a variable speed control mounted in the trigger , a lock-on button to maintain the desired cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .
the 4320 jigsaw has a variable speed control mounted in the [spark] , a lock-on button to maintain the desired cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .

They should also not be used with certain electronic chimes as the current they use may trigger the chime .
they should also not be used with certain electronic chimes as the current they use may [spark] the chime .

Moulded nylon is used for the free-floating trigger bar which can be used with one or two fingers , inside or out .
moulded nylon is used for the free-floating [spark] bar which can be used with one or two fingers , inside or out .

As well as strengthening the stem The Fix has a new trigger mechanism for retracting the cams .
as well as strengthening the stem the fix has a new [spark] mechanism for retracting the cams .

Some processor memory should be available to act as external emulation memory for the processor and there should also be adequate memory to allow a trigger trace analysis to be performed .
some processor memory should be available to act as external emulation memory for the processor and there should also be adequate memory to allow a [spark] trace analysis to be performed .

There should be scope for at least 256 instructions traced before the trigger and possibly 256 instructions traced after the trigger .
there should be scope for at least 256 instructions traced before the [spark] and possibly 256 instructions traced after the [spark] .

Trigger condition should be configured from multiple logic conditions .
[spark] condition should be configured from multiple logic conditions .

Choreographers , like dancers , have long memories and what a student experiences in a class-room can trigger off an idea much later .
choreographers , like dancers , have long memories and what a student experiences in a class-room can [spark] off an idea much later .

Errors sometimes occur , in part because an innocuous substance may trigger a positive .
errors sometimes occur , in part because an innocuous substance may [spark] a positive .

Scientists believe that molecules of an odorous substance meeting the membranes of specialised olfactory cells somehow trigger electrical signals to the brain , and this is the foundation of smell perception .
scientists believe that molecules of an odorous substance meeting the membranes of specialised olfactory cells somehow [spark] electrical signals to the brain , and this is the foundation of smell perception .

Moreover , he says , Delta 's haemoglobin is guaranteed to be free of the viruses that could contaminate the blood-derived product , and of any residual matter from the blood cells that might trigger allergic reactions in patients .
moreover , he says , delta 's haemoglobin is guaranteed to be free of the viruses that could contaminate the blood-derived product , and of any residual matter from the blood cells that might [spark] allergic reactions in patients .

Any inability to carry the weight on the hind-legs will trigger off resistance in the mouth .
any inability to carry the weight on the hind-legs will [spark] off resistance in the mouth .

As in Handsworth , Brixton , and Toxteth , the context within which the disturbances occurred in Tottenham was one of deteriorating relations between the police and young people , especially blacks , and the trigger event involved police-officers and black people ( Gifford , 1986 ) .
as in handsworth , brixton , and toxteth , the context within which the disturbances occurred in tottenham was one of deteriorating relations between the police and young people , especially blacks , and the [spark] event involved police-officers and black people ( gifford , 1986 ) .

The alarm will trigger in a central control point and the people there will either ring a neighbour to ask them to go and see what the problem is , or immediately ring the emergency services .
the alarm will [spark] in a central control point and the people there will either ring a neighbour to ask them to go and see what the problem is , or immediately ring the emergency services .

Many of these techniques culminate in your being able to trigger off a general sense of relaxation when it suits you .
many of these techniques culminate in your being able to [spark] off a general sense of relaxation when it suits you .

Stress and our inability to cope with it can be an important cellulite trigger because it affects the hypothalamus ‘ master gland ’ which controls all other hormonal functions .
stress and our inability to cope with it can be an important cellulite [spark] because it affects the hypothalamus ‘ master gland ’ which controls all other hormonal functions .

Steam inhalations should be avoided if you suffer from asthma , as the concentrated steam may trigger an attack , but they can be used to help other respiratory problems such as those mentioned above .
steam inhalations should be avoided if you suffer from asthma , as the concentrated steam may [spark] an attack , but they can be used to help other respiratory problems such as those mentioned above .

The pros and cons of which financial saviour should be favoured — a bid led by the American company Sikorsky , or a European consortium including British Aerospace — need not concern us here , because to dwell unduly upon them would be like treating the assassination of an archduke in Sarajevo as the cause rather than the trigger for the First World War .
the pros and cons of which financial saviour should be favoured — a bid led by the american company sikorsky , or a european consortium including british aerospace — need not concern us here , because to dwell unduly upon them would be like treating the assassination of an archduke in sarajevo as the cause rather than the [spark] for the first world war .

There are so many ways in which our intolerance will trigger an angry response either in ourselves or others .
there are so many ways in which our intolerance will [spark] an angry response either in ourselves or others .

That rumour will trigger our store of images about loss of status , loss of income , threats to home , security and so on .
that rumour will [spark] our store of images about loss of status , loss of income , threats to home , security and so on .

All we had to experience was the trigger and off we went into a state of fear .
all we had to experience was the [spark] and off we went into a state of fear .

These were the portion that fitted into the metal block and atop the trigger guard , due to this section being of such a geometric shape ie three radii and tapered , and the hole through the butt , which was counterbored some 3/4 of its length .
these were the portion that fitted into the metal block and atop the [spark] guard , due to this section being of such a geometric shape ie three radii and tapered , and the hole through the butt , which was counterbored some 3/4 of its length .

Clearly , ideas for changing the events that trigger your guilt feelings will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :
clearly , ideas for changing the events that [spark] your guilt feelings will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your guilt you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your guilt feelings and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of guilt are :
rather than modify anything to do with the external events that [spark] your guilt you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your guilt feelings and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of guilt are :

Clearly , ideas for changing the events that trigger your feelings of inadequacy will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :
clearly , ideas for changing the events that [spark] your feelings of inadequacy will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your inadequacy , you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your feelings of inadequacy and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of inadequacy are :
rather than modify anything to do with the external events that [spark] your inadequacy , you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your feelings of inadequacy and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of inadequacy are :

Clearly , ideas for changing the events that trigger your feelings of inhibition will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :
clearly , ideas for changing the events that [spark] your feelings of inhibition will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your inhibition you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your inhibition and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of inhibition are :
rather than modify anything to do with the external events that [spark] your inhibition you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your inhibition and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of inhibition are :

Clearly , ideas for changing the events that trigger your jealousy will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :
clearly , ideas for changing the events that [spark] your jealousy will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your jealousy you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your jealousy and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of jealousy are :
rather than modify anything to do with the external events that [spark] your jealousy you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your jealousy and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of jealousy are :

Since the whole sequence of events begins with an external event , one option is to identify what external events tend to trigger unproductive feelings and to arrange to avoid or change the external events themselves .
since the whole sequence of events begins with an external event , one option is to identify what external events tend to [spark] unproductive feelings and to arrange to avoid or change the external events themselves .

The idea here is consciously to replace the thoughts that trigger an unproductive feeling with other ones that do not .
the idea here is consciously to replace the thoughts that [spark] an unproductive feeling with other ones that do not .

Behaviour is always a reaction to a trigger of some kind .
behaviour is always a reaction to a [spark] of some kind .

Clearly , ideas for changing the events that trigger your worry will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :
clearly , ideas for changing the events that [spark] your worry will depend on the exact circumstances , but here are some thought-starters that might help you to arrive at a feasible plan :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your worry you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your worry and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of worry are :
rather than modify anything to do with the external events that [spark] your worry you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your worry and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of worry are :

It came clear from the bag , her finger slipping on to the trigger , thumb freeing the safety catch .
it came clear from the bag , her finger slipping on to the [spark] , thumb freeing the safety catch .

Delaney 's Uzi zeroed in , pressure increased on the trigger .
delaney 's uzi zeroed in , pressure increased on the [spark] .

He pointed the Uzi , pulled the trigger , Forster 's words coming to mind : ‘ Watch out for this one , John .
he pointed the uzi , pulled the [spark] , forster 's words coming to mind : ‘ watch out for this one , john .

Delaney rolled aside , and pulled the trigger .
delaney rolled aside , and pulled the [spark] .

Filmer looked back towards Xanthe and the investigator and made a small gesture of impatience , and it seemed to trigger a response from the investigator because he said that if anyone remembered any helpful detail , however small , would they please tell him or one of his colleagues , but meanwhile everyone was free to go .
filmer looked back towards xanthe and the investigator and made a small gesture of impatience , and it seemed to [spark] a response from the investigator because he said that if anyone remembered any helpful detail , however small , would they please tell him or one of his colleagues , but meanwhile everyone was free to go .

It seems likely that it involved the utilisation of the X-rays emitted by the fission bomb trigger to propagate the explosion throughout the charge of thermonuclear fuel ; travelling at the speed of light they could initiate the fusion reaction in all parts of the charge in a time much less than could be achieved by shock waves ( travelling at perhaps 104m/s ) , so that a substantial degree of reaction Could occur before the material was dispersed by the explosion ( New Scientist , 2 September , 1982 , p641 ) .
it seems likely that it involved the utilisation of the x-rays emitted by the fission bomb [spark] to propagate the explosion throughout the charge of thermonuclear fuel ; travelling at the speed of light they could initiate the fusion reaction in all parts of the charge in a time much less than could be achieved by shock waves ( travelling at perhaps 104m/s ) , so that a substantial degree of reaction could occur before the material was dispersed by the explosion ( new scientist , 2 september , 1982 , p641 ) .

For additional safety each missile 's thermonuclear warhead incorporates a high-explosive trigger that is insensitive to shocks , from bullets for example .
for additional safety each missile 's thermonuclear warhead incorporates a high-explosive [spark] that is insensitive to shocks , from bullets for example .

The device , which costs around £40 , uses bar codes to trigger chips that synthesise speech .
the device , which costs around £40 , uses bar codes to [spark] chips that synthesise speech .

Some Laboulbeniales even have so-called trigger organs to ensure judicious use of spores .
some laboulbeniales even have so-called [spark] organs to ensure judicious use of spores .

If the user wants to keep the appliance switched on , he touches it to trigger the sensor and reset the timer .
if the user wants to keep the appliance switched on , he touches it to [spark] the sensor and reset the timer .

They may be unable to make some of the viral proteins that should trigger the immune system into action , leading to a weakened immune response against the infection .
they may be unable to make some of the viral proteins that should [spark] the immune system into action , leading to a weakened immune response against the infection .

Equipment was possibly used to trigger air raid sirens during the Second World War .
equipment was possibly used to [spark] air raid sirens during the second world war .

These could trigger an ‘ auto-immune ’ response with the immune system of the workers sending out antibodies to attack their own proteins .
these could [spark] an ‘ auto-immune ’ response with the immune system of the workers sending out antibodies to attack their own proteins .

They have become emancipated from their roots and exist as trigger reactions to the approach of predators .
they have become emancipated from their roots and exist as [spark] reactions to the approach of predators .

They were not legally entitled to do so as teenagers and various factors may trigger their desire to find their birth parents at this stage .
they were not legally entitled to do so as teenagers and various factors may [spark] their desire to find their birth parents at this stage .

Children read a wide variety of things , from the back of the cereal packet to The Dandy , from a page of the daily newspaper to something written by Roald Dahl , and who is to know what will trigger off ideas , possibilities , expectations , or activity ? Rubbish has a place in this process of stimulation .
children read a wide variety of things , from the back of the cereal packet to the dandy , from a page of the daily newspaper to something written by roald dahl , and who is to know what will [spark] off ideas , possibilities , expectations , or activity ? rubbish has a place in this process of stimulation .

Staff need to be made aware of the indicators that trigger off their own prejudices — snotty noses , nose- and ear-rings , coloured hair , leather jackets , elaborate and expensive school uniforms , gum-chewing — all those things that set off an expectation of a certain kind of behaviour , regardless of the individual young person 's personality .
staff need to be made aware of the indicators that [spark] off their own prejudices — snotty noses , nose- and ear-rings , coloured hair , leather jackets , elaborate and expensive school uniforms , gum-chewing — all those things that set off an expectation of a certain kind of behaviour , regardless of the individual young person 's personality .

Controls , however , are in themselves useless unless they trigger an appropriate response to permit changes to be made .
controls , however , are in themselves useless unless they [spark] an appropriate response to permit changes to be made .

In order to identify the ‘ critical ’ elements , the time-scale must indicate the earliest and latest finish dates and any functions which will trigger the next step ( see fig .
in order to identify the ‘ critical ’ elements , the time-scale must indicate the earliest and latest finish dates and any functions which will [spark] the next step ( see fig .

Could either or both factors be the trigger ?
could either or both factors be the [spark] ?

They reach a point where even the smallest stimulus will trigger off a massive reaction .
they reach a point where even the smallest stimulus will [spark] off a massive reaction .

The stimuli that trigger this action are usually moving objects that hang down from above , or toys that are thrown to the kittens by their owners .
the stimuli that [spark] this action are usually moving objects that hang down from above , or toys that are thrown to the kittens by their owners .

And what is it about the cat that is the specific trigger for the irrational panics ?
and what is it about the cat that is the specific [spark] for the irrational panics ?

The assessment should not trigger off frantic practising , but the ward sister can arrange for the student to have the relevant experience .
the assessment should not [spark] off frantic practising , but the ward sister can arrange for the student to have the relevant experience .

‘ Patient problems ’ provide a basis for studying nursing , and so these problems form the presenting , or trigger , problems which are given to the learners .
‘ patient problems ’ provide a basis for studying nursing , and so these problems form the presenting , or [spark] , problems which are given to the learners .

Prepare trigger material to be presented to the learner :
prepare [spark] material to be presented to the learner :

You 've been rode merr often than Trigger By the light of the silvery moon Ye think he 's Clark Gable , turns oot he 's The Creature Fae the Black Lagoon .
you 've been rode merr often than [spark] by the light of the silvery moon ye think he 's clark gable , turns oot he 's the creature fae the black lagoon .

Any of these could provide a trigger to the memory .
any of these could provide a [spark] to the memory .

He brought up his arm in one swift movement and pulled the trigger .
he brought up his arm in one swift movement and pulled the [spark] .

Apart from a very limited number of highly specialist areas of the environment where changes will automatically trigger responses within the enterprise ( e.g .
apart from a very limited number of highly specialist areas of the environment where changes will automatically [spark] responses within the enterprise ( e.g .

But the best-laid schemes of mankind and its security police can be blown aside in the squeeze of the assassin 's trigger , sending one to heaven and one to hell and not for any good or ill they 've done to him .
but the best-laid schemes of mankind and its security police can be blown aside in the squeeze of the assassin 's [spark] , sending one to heaven and one to hell and not for any good or ill they 've done to him .

Send not to know by whom the trigger is squeezed , it is squeezed by us all .
send not to know by whom the [spark] is squeezed , it is squeezed by us all .

Give a dog ( so to speak ) a bad name , treat him or her accordingly — by having a confrontation or using a suspicious manner — and we are quite likely to trigger a hostile , resentful reaction that confirms our original opinion .
give a dog ( so to speak ) a bad name , treat him or her accordingly — by having a confrontation or using a suspicious manner — and we are quite likely to [spark] a hostile , resentful reaction that confirms our original opinion .

If you analyse episodes of persistent disobedience in before-and-after sequences , you will gain an understanding of some of the significant influences which trigger and maintain unhappy disciplinary confrontations with your child .
if you analyse episodes of persistent disobedience in before-and-after sequences , you will gain an understanding of some of the significant influences which [spark] and maintain unhappy disciplinary confrontations with your child .

The possible drawback of this advice is that you may be ‘ too quick on the trigger ’ and misinterpret your child 's action .
the possible drawback of this advice is that you may be ‘ too quick on the [spark] ’ and misinterpret your child 's action .

Conflict — as the Grants slowly realized — is not a matter of words alone ; actions too can serve as a trigger for a negative response .
conflict — as the grants slowly realized — is not a matter of words alone ; actions too can serve as a [spark] for a negative response .

Stewart 1989 ) argue that some natural systems are so sensitive to tiny stimuli that even ‘ the faint beat of a butterfly 's wing could be the ultimate trigger for a hurricane ’ .
stewart 1989 ) argue that some natural systems are so sensitive to tiny stimuli that even ‘ the faint beat of a butterfly 's wing could be the ultimate [spark] for a hurricane ’ .

The trigger points are innumerable but the nurse should have the maturity to deal with the resultant feelings in a constructive way that avoids reflecting any annoyance on to the patient .
the [spark] points are innumerable but the nurse should have the maturity to deal with the resultant feelings in a constructive way that avoids reflecting any annoyance on to the patient .

The cheap poster 's trigger : and then the dream
the cheap poster 's [spark] : and then the dream

If so , perturbations of a single gene in one type of cell should trigger a power law distribution of avalanches of changes of gene activities that spreads from the perturbed gene to other genes in that cell and species , and to cells of other species .
if so , perturbations of a single gene in one type of cell should [spark] a power law distribution of avalanches of changes of gene activities that spreads from the perturbed gene to other genes in that cell and species , and to cells of other species .

Binding a ligand to a receptor may trigger a complicated sequence of reactions leading to the synthesis of hundreds of dierent molecular species .
binding a ligand to a receptor may [spark] a complicated sequence of reactions leading to the synthesis of hundreds of dierent molecular species .

It is hard to prove that worker illness is a result of pesticide exposure in the field because other things , both on and off the job , can trigger physical symptoms , said Dr. Suzanne Wuerthele , an EPA toxicologist in Denver .
it is hard to prove that worker illness is a result of pesticide exposure in the field because other things , both on and off the job , can [spark] physical symptoms , said dr. suzanne wuerthele , an epa toxicologist in denver .

This preliminary screen should trigger a more in-depth assessment and a brief intervention that can be delivered either separately or as a package ( Figure 2 ) .
this preliminary screen should [spark] a more in-depth assessment and a brief intervention that can be delivered either separately or as a package ( figure 2 ) .

Similarly , information on whom individual NEPDG members and staff met with and the dates and subjects of the meetings would be relevant in confirming that meetings with members of the public did not trigger FACA .
similarly , information on whom individual nepdg members and staff met with and the dates and subjects of the meetings would be relevant in confirming that meetings with members of the public did not [spark] faca .

Buzzy '' Krongard , had said that either one of them would be happy to pull the trigger , but Tenet was appalled , telling them that they had no authority to do it , nor did he .
buzzy '' krongard , had said that either one of them would be happy to pull the [spark] , but tenet was appalled , telling them that they had no authority to do it , nor did he .

These methods have been articulated in many ways , but almost all seem to have at least four elements in common : ( 1 ) think about how surprise attacks might be launched ; ( 2 ) identify telltale indicators connected to the most dangerous possibilities ; ( 3 ) where feasible , collect intelligence on these indicators ; and ( 4 ) adopt defenses to deflect the most dangerous possibilities or at least trigger an earlier warning .
these methods have been articulated in many ways , but almost all seem to have at least four elements in common : ( 1 ) think about how surprise attacks might be launched ; ( 2 ) identify telltale indicators connected to the most dangerous possibilities ; ( 3 ) where feasible , collect intelligence on these indicators ; and ( 4 ) adopt defenses to deflect the most dangerous possibilities or at least [spark] an earlier warning .

Mihdhar did not trigger the alarm and was permitted through the checkpoint .
mihdhar did not [spark] the alarm and was permitted through the checkpoint .

AGE-BSA and PA Sequentially Activate src kinase , Proapoptotic p38 MAPK , and Caspase 3 through CD36 Receptor CD36 has previously been shown to trigger the activation of p59fyn , p38 MAPK , and caspase 3 ( GeneID : 836 ) in response to thrombospondin in endothelial cells [ 8 ] .
age-bsa and pa sequentially activate src kinase , proapoptotic p38 mapk , and caspase 3 through cd36 receptor cd36 has previously been shown to [spark] the activation of p59fyn , p38 mapk , and caspase 3 ( geneid : 836 ) in response to thrombospondin in endothelial cells [ 8 ] .

This finding suggests that tubular epithelial apoptosis may trigger TED and IF in this model of chronic glomerulonephritis in rat , and supports our conclusions that diabetes-induced tubular epithelial apoptosis may underlie TED associated with IF in human DNP .
this finding suggests that tubular epithelial apoptosis may [spark] ted and if in this model of chronic glomerulonephritis in rat , and supports our conclusions that diabetes-induced tubular epithelial apoptosis may underlie ted associated with if in human dnp .

However , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the monitor were to register a falsely elevated blood glucose and thereby trigger an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .
however , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the monitor were to register a falsely elevated blood glucose and thereby [spark] an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .

This unequivocally fingered dsRNA as the trigger of silencing .
this unequivocally fingered dsrna as the [spark] of silencing .

In resource-limited settings , the primary use of CD4 counts is as a trigger to initiate antiretroviral therapy , which typically occurs at a CD4 count of 200 cells/Î¼l .
in resource-limited settings , the primary use of cd4 counts is as a [spark] to initiate antiretroviral therapy , which typically occurs at a cd4 count of 200 cells/î¼l .

The mechanism is clear : worms trigger one arm of the immune system which down-regulates another , inflammatory arm .
the mechanism is clear : worms [spark] one arm of the immune system which down-regulates another , inflammatory arm .

It is thus possible that this external trigger signal reaches speech-producing central brain areas by circumventing the frontocentral disconnection and is able to resynchronize frontocentral decorrelated activity .
it is thus possible that this external [spark] signal reaches speech-producing central brain areas by circumventing the frontocentral disconnection and is able to resynchronize frontocentral decorrelated activity .

The assumption underlying this system is that positive findings on earlier , more basic tests of neurotoxicity in adult animals will “ trigger ” the EPA to request more extensive testing by manufacturers , including tests in immature animals .
the assumption underlying this system is that positive findings on earlier , more basic tests of neurotoxicity in adult animals will “ [spark] ” the epa to request more extensive testing by manufacturers , including tests in immature animals .

Current understanding of disease pathogenesis suggests a complex action of multiple environmental factors that trigger disease in individuals with a susceptible genetic background .
current understanding of disease pathogenesis suggests a complex action of multiple environmental factors that [spark] disease in individuals with a susceptible genetic background .

If a frigid winter pushed oil prices high enough to trigger a recession , it would be very bad for Gore .
if a frigid winter pushed oil prices high enough to [spark] a recession , it would be very bad for gore .

Bloomberg quoted an analyst with Banc Boston Robertson Stephens who confidently said , `` The New York Times article would be the trigger today . ''
bloomberg quoted an analyst with banc boston robertson stephens who confidently said , `` the new york times article would be the [spark] today . ''

They had a greater tolerance for weight gain , saying it would take a 20 pound gain before they took action , as opposed to the 10 pound gain that would trigger action in higher-income women .
they had a greater tolerance for weight gain , saying it would take a 20 pound gain before they took action , as opposed to the 10 pound gain that would [spark] action in higher-income women .

Moreover , by failing to persuade more than a handful of Democrats to vote for impeachment , the GOP failed to trigger the kind of bipartisan collapse necessary to bring down a president .
moreover , by failing to persuade more than a handful of democrats to vote for impeachment , the gop failed to [spark] the kind of bipartisan collapse necessary to bring down a president .

Clinton says he 's `` profoundly sorry ... for what I said and did to trigger these events . ''
clinton says he 's `` profoundly sorry ... for what i said and did to [spark] these events . ''

Critics harp on his loyalty to wife Dale and horse Trigger and his tendency to express himself through ballads , not fisticuffs .
critics harp on his loyalty to wife dale and horse [spark] and his tendency to express himself through ballads , not fisticuffs .

Rumors that ABC and NBC may replace their nightly news shows with prime-time newsmagazines trigger laments about the genre 's decline .
rumors that abc and nbc may replace their nightly news shows with prime-time newsmagazines [spark] laments about the genre 's decline .

Since the person who caught the ball gave nothing to receive the ball and received nothing in return , even if the ball has some inherent value of $ 1,000,000 , there is no `` realizing event '' that would trigger taxation .
since the person who caught the ball gave nothing to receive the ball and received nothing in return , even if the ball has some inherent value of $ 1,000,000 , there is no `` realizing event '' that would [spark] taxation .

You can short-circuit the biology of erection , but that does n't `` fix '' the nonbiological problems that exacerbate and sometimes even trigger impotence .
you can short-circuit the biology of erection , but that does n't `` fix '' the nonbiological problems that exacerbate and sometimes even [spark] impotence .

Three Kings is not the first anti-war movie in which opposing soldiers have recognized themselves in one another before pulling the trigger , but it might be the first to make the point in a way that has nothing to do with liberal humanism .
three kings is not the first anti-war movie in which opposing soldiers have recognized themselves in one another before pulling the [spark] , but it might be the first to make the point in a way that has nothing to do with liberal humanism .

Like guns and gun control , it 's not the gun that needs to be removed from society , it 's the ass behind the trigger .
like guns and gun control , it 's not the gun that needs to be removed from society , it 's the ass behind the [spark] .

The other admission : Vacco acknowledged that he was virtually guilty of murdering Buffalo doctor Barnett Slepian , `` just as if I 'd pulled the trigger myself . ''
the other admission : vacco acknowledged that he was virtually guilty of murdering buffalo doctor barnett slepian , `` just as if i 'd pulled the [spark] myself . ''

If firms `` all start to reduce their risks simultaneously , it might trigger a vicious liquidity-draining cycle . ''
if firms `` all start to reduce their risks simultaneously , it might [spark] a vicious liquidity-draining cycle . ''

The chemical , known as the vasoactive intestinal peptide , appears to trigger the orgasm sensation in the brain .
the chemical , known as the vasoactive intestinal peptide , appears to [spark] the orgasm sensation in the brain .

On CNN 's Capital Gang , Robert Novak speaks for many when he asks , `` Can you explain to me how a president who wants you to go to jail if you do n't have a trigger lock is going to say that these [ prisoners ] should be released , even though they were collecting arms ? ''
on cnn 's capital gang , robert novak speaks for many when he asks , `` can you explain to me how a president who wants you to go to jail if you do n't have a [spark] lock is going to say that these [ prisoners ] should be released , even though they were collecting arms ? ''

He recently said that a Washington state initiative to require trigger locks was `` written by Satan . '' )
he recently said that a washington state initiative to require [spark] locks was `` written by satan . '' )

That in turn could -- most likely would -- trigger another round of devaluations in Asia and set back the region 's recovery . ''
that in turn could -- most likely would -- [spark] another round of devaluations in asia and set back the region 's recovery . ''

In Israel , the daily Ha'aretz reported from Washington Sunday that the Clinton sex scandal might trigger a wave of anti-Semitism in the United States .
in israel , the daily ha'aretz reported from washington sunday that the clinton sex scandal might [spark] a wave of anti-semitism in the united states .

The device was hidden inside a hollow piece of wood , so that when the wood were to be grabbed or picked up , the bolts in the trigger would come out .
the device was hidden inside a hollow piece of wood , so that when the wood were to be grabbed or picked up , the bolts in the [spark] would come out .

McEwan is a Freudian with an Orwellian sense of decency , and his novels often trigger this sort of unsettling examination of both one 's unconscious and one 's conscience .
mcewan is a freudian with an orwellian sense of decency , and his novels often [spark] this sort of unsettling examination of both one 's unconscious and one 's conscience .

About five hours later , his supine body was discovered by a secluded Civil War cannon near the Potomac River , a bullet wound through his mouth , his right thumb trapped in the trigger of an antique .38-caliber revolver , gun-shot residue on his hand , and blood oozing from the back of his head .
about five hours later , his supine body was discovered by a secluded civil war cannon near the potomac river , a bullet wound through his mouth , his right thumb trapped in the [spark] of an antique .38-caliber revolver , gun-shot residue on his hand , and blood oozing from the back of his head .

Bobby , a Navy vet who never saw action in World War II , fixed a deer in his sights , squeezed the trigger -- and landed flat on his back from the recoil .
bobby , a navy vet who never saw action in world war ii , fixed a deer in his sights , squeezed the [spark] -- and landed flat on his back from the recoil .

Whenever viewers hear of the treaty again , the first thing they 're likely to think of is that map -- just as the phrase `` Clinton health plan '' came to trigger the picture of Harry and Louise being denied the right to choose their own doctor .
whenever viewers hear of the treaty again , the first thing they 're likely to think of is that map -- just as the phrase `` clinton health plan '' came to [spark] the picture of harry and louise being denied the right to choose their own doctor .

Upham has a series of clear shots at German soldiers who do n't see him , and ca n't bring himself to pull the trigger .
upham has a series of clear shots at german soldiers who do n't see him , and ca n't bring himself to pull the [spark] .

I think that we ought to put trigger locks on guns .
i think that we ought to put [spark] locks on guns .

We know , for example , that one adolescent suicide can trigger others , even through media reports , leading to `` suicide clusters . ''
we know , for example , that one adolescent suicide can [spark] others , even through media reports , leading to `` suicide clusters . ''

In some cases , the toxins trigger the destruction of blood cells and cause renal failure .
in some cases , the toxins [spark] the destruction of blood cells and cause renal failure .

He wants you to stay on his site , read his summaries , and pull the trigger .
he wants you to stay on his site , read his summaries , and pull the [spark] .

If you know enough to trigger an impeachment , the president wo n't dare cross you .
if you know enough to [spark] an impeachment , the president wo n't dare cross you .

Such a standoff , when it occurs , will trigger a global media event , with CNN broadcasting satellite shots of the suspected facility every 30 minutes , and so on .
such a standoff , when it occurs , will [spark] a global media event , with cnn broadcasting satellite shots of the suspected facility every 30 minutes , and so on .

Last October , President Clinton persuaded a number of firearms makers to voluntarily supply trigger locks with new handguns .
last october , president clinton persuaded a number of firearms makers to voluntarily supply [spark] locks with new handguns .

If it did n't exactly pull the trigger , it sure did n't tackle the gunman and restrain him .
if it did n't exactly pull the [spark] , it sure did n't tackle the gunman and restrain him .

The story advises us to add `` workplace rage '' to the culprits ( read : Internet , Internet , Internet ) that made Mark Barton pull the trigger in Atlanta .
the story advises us to add `` workplace rage '' to the culprits ( read : internet , internet , internet ) that made mark barton pull the [spark] in atlanta .

In the Bahrain daily Akhbar al-Khaleej , the Egyptian columnist Assayed Zahra wrote that the United States was now carrying out its intention to carve up Iraq along ethnic and sectarian lines and to trigger a civil war that would unseat Saddam .
in the bahrain daily akhbar al-khaleej , the egyptian columnist assayed zahra wrote that the united states was now carrying out its intention to carve up iraq along ethnic and sectarian lines and to [spark] a civil war that would unseat saddam .

She went on , `` the airstrikes could not only provoke Serbian retaliation against NATO forces in Bosnia , but trigger ethnic conflict in Macedonia , which has a large ethnic Albanian majority , '' and a Balkan explosion would severely weaken NATO .
she went on , `` the airstrikes could not only provoke serbian retaliation against nato forces in bosnia , but [spark] ethnic conflict in macedonia , which has a large ethnic albanian majority , '' and a balkan explosion would severely weaken nato .

This , he maintained , is sufficient to `` trigger '' bombing : `` The threshold for their conduct has already been crossed . ''
this , he maintained , is sufficient to `` [spark] '' bombing : `` the threshold for their conduct has already been crossed . ''

It would raise the legal age for handgun possession to 21 , prohibit juvenile possession of semiautomatic weapons , require trigger locks , make parents criminally liable for `` knowingly or recklessly '' giving their kids access to guns used to kill or injure , and extend background checks to gun show patrons and people who try to buy explosives .
it would raise the legal age for handgun possession to 21 , prohibit juvenile possession of semiautomatic weapons , require [spark] locks , make parents criminally liable for `` knowingly or recklessly '' giving their kids access to guns used to kill or injure , and extend background checks to gun show patrons and people who try to buy explosives .

After referring to the USA Today report that economists do n't expect rising gasoline prices to trigger inflation , `` '' concludes with the rhetorical flourish , `` Huh -- is n't inflation primarily measured as a rate of increase in cost ? ''
after referring to the usa today report that economists do n't expect rising gasoline prices to [spark] inflation , `` '' concludes with the rhetorical flourish , `` huh -- is n't inflation primarily measured as a rate of increase in cost ? ''

Surely that blood bath -- and the hundreds like it in those years -- could n't have been far from the mind of William Bradford Huie , a journalist and Ray 's confessor , when Huie claimed in a 1968 Look magazine article that King 's well-placed killers `` wanted to use King 's murder to trigger violent conflict between white and Negro citizens . ''
surely that blood bath -- and the hundreds like it in those years -- could n't have been far from the mind of william bradford huie , a journalist and ray 's confessor , when huie claimed in a 1968 look magazine article that king 's well-placed killers `` wanted to use king 's murder to [spark] violent conflict between white and negro citizens . ''

Thereafter when the allergen enters the body , the immunoglobulins send signals to trigger the release of a set of nasty chemicals , most notably histamines , that destroy it .
thereafter when the allergen enters the body , the immunoglobulins send signals to [spark] the release of a set of nasty chemicals , most notably histamines , that destroy it .

About half completely terminate cash benefits and about half trigger a work requirement after a specific period on the rolls , usually 24 months or 36 months .
about half completely terminate cash benefits and about half [spark] a work requirement after a specific period on the rolls , usually 24 months or 36 months .

Adjusting for the quadrupling of the market over the last seven years , the SEC and the NYSE raised the circuit-breaker trigger last year to 350 points .
adjusting for the quadrupling of the market over the last seven years , the sec and the nyse raised the circuit-breaker [spark] last year to 350 points .

Critics say that 350-point trigger is far too low , allowing the circuit breakers to flip at levels that do n't warrant a stoppage of trade .
critics say that 350-point [spark] is far too low , allowing the circuit breakers to flip at levels that do n't warrant a stoppage of trade .

In it , says the paper , Lewinsky says she 's no longer in love with Bill Clinton , that she 's through having affairs with married men , and that she wants to apologize to the country for the yearlong political ordeal she helped trigger .
in it , says the paper , lewinsky says she 's no longer in love with bill clinton , that she 's through having affairs with married men , and that she wants to apologize to the country for the yearlong political ordeal she helped [spark] .

The story , by LAT tobacco specialist Myron Levin , notes that the decision is only the second courtroom loss ever for a tobacco company in such a suit , and is certain to trigger a slew of similar court cases and hence to further dim any fleeting hopes the tobacco companies had of gaining blanket legal liability protection .
the story , by lat tobacco specialist myron levin , notes that the decision is only the second courtroom loss ever for a tobacco company in such a suit , and is certain to [spark] a slew of similar court cases and hence to further dim any fleeting hopes the tobacco companies had of gaining blanket legal liability protection .

Sometimes , the shock of recognition when one encounters a well-phrased truism is enough to trigger a welcoming response , which might manifest itself in a smile to indicate the pleasure of the experience .
sometimes , the shock of recognition when one encounters a well-phrased truism is enough to [spark] a welcoming response , which might manifest itself in a smile to indicate the pleasure of the experience .

In the half cock position , the trigger is not “ partially back-locked , ” whatever that means .
in the half cock position , the [spark] is not “ partially back-locked , ” whatever that means .

To over-simplify the process , when the lock is moved to full cock , the trigger , a simple lever , moves another lever , the sear , out of the notch in a semi-circular internal lock part to which the hammer is connected .
to over-simplify the process , when the lock is moved to full cock , the [spark] , a simple lever , moves another lever , the sear , out of the notch in a semi-circular internal lock part to which the hammer is connected .

He leaned his forehead on the barrel of the rifle and only then pulled the trigger .
he leaned his forehead on the barrel of the rifle and only then pulled the [spark] .

I am feeling quick on the trigger , quick on the draw , hot as a pistol , and loaded for bear , so I am going to get the drop on you and let you have it with both barrels .
i am feeling quick on the [spark] , quick on the draw , hot as a pistol , and loaded for bear , so i am going to get the drop on you and let you have it with both barrels .

