A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink .
a nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the united states has [sparked] experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from st. louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink .

In some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need .
in some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , [sparked] by a passing but urgent emotional need .

Meanwhile , the experts speak of wars triggered by `` false pre-emption '' , `` escalation '' , `` unauthorized behavior '' and other terms that will be discussed in this report .
meanwhile , the experts speak of wars [sparked] by `` false pre-emption '' , `` escalation '' , `` unauthorized behavior '' and other terms that will be discussed in this report .

An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself , resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew .
an advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself , resonances [sparked] by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the jew .

And to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell Courtenay that three days is the `` optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it .
and to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell courtenay that three days is the `` optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be [sparked] with a catalytic cue-phrase '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it .

But fusion power in the Coal Sack was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an Angel aboard .
but fusion power in the coal sack was what had [sparked] all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an angel aboard .

And , though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself , there was in me a growing desire , a sexual awareness , that Johnnie had set in motion , an awareness that no other man had ever triggered .
and , though at the time i blushed to admit it even to myself , there was in me a growing desire , a sexual awareness , that johnnie had set in motion , an awareness that no other man had ever [sparked] .

Again , careful handling can reduce many of the problems associated with this temperament , but these traits remain present and may be triggered when the horse is stressed .
again , careful handling can reduce many of the problems associated with this temperament , but these traits remain present and may be [sparked] when the horse is stressed .

Sparked off in the city of Timisoara by Lazlo Tokes , a Hungarian priest , the uprising spread to Bucharest and triggered the overthrow of the Ceausescu regime ending 40 years of communist rule .
sparked off in the city of timisoara by lazlo tokes , a hungarian priest , the uprising spread to bucharest and [sparked] the overthrow of the ceausescu regime ending 40 years of communist rule .

‘ Low mortgage rates — a £30,000 flat can be bought for about 30 per cent less than it can be rented — has undoubtedly triggered off a renewal in confidence . ’
‘ low mortgage rates — a £30,000 flat can be bought for about 30 per cent less than it can be rented — has undoubtedly [sparked] off a renewal in confidence . ’

The main danger now is that the gain in competitiveness will be eroded by inflation partly triggered by the rise in import costs .
the main danger now is that the gain in competitiveness will be eroded by inflation partly [sparked] by the rise in import costs .

The main danger now is that the gain in competitiveness will be eroded by inflation partly triggered by the rise in import costs .
the main danger now is that the gain in competitiveness will be eroded by inflation partly [sparked] by the rise in import costs .

Rumours of another realignment of the remaining exchange rate mechanism currencies to coincide with the Group of Seven meeting this week-end triggered a rush for marks which also put the French franc and Spanish peseta under pressure .
rumours of another realignment of the remaining exchange rate mechanism currencies to coincide with the group of seven meeting this week-end [sparked] a rush for marks which also put the french franc and spanish peseta under pressure .

Darlington magistrates were told Mr Siddle had been suffering from clinical depression triggered by business problems .
darlington magistrates were told mr siddle had been suffering from clinical depression [sparked] by business problems .

The proposal to build houses near Brinkburn Pond , in Darlington , has triggered an outcry from Darlington Wildlife Trust and Darlington Environmental Watch .
the proposal to build houses near brinkburn pond , in darlington , has [sparked] an outcry from darlington wildlife trust and darlington environmental watch .

The decision to separate was ‘ entirely mutual ’ and was triggered by the accumulated pressure of two very successful careers which had become even more successful in the last couple of years , he added .
the decision to separate was ‘ entirely mutual ’ and was [sparked] by the accumulated pressure of two very successful careers which had become even more successful in the last couple of years , he added .

The threat to Srebrenica and Zepa triggered a refugee exodus and dealt a blow to a peace plan granting the area to Muslims .
the threat to srebrenica and zepa [sparked] a refugee exodus and dealt a blow to a peace plan granting the area to muslims .

Incentives for bank staff come under spotlight Performance targets introduced by the Royal Bank of Scotland have triggered a consumer row .
incentives for bank staff come under spotlight performance targets introduced by the royal bank of scotland have [sparked] a consumer row .

One 's abiding memory is of a hand-off with the impact of the proverbial kicking mule and reminiscences of him triggered talk of how much less use is made of that weapon these days .
one 's abiding memory is of a hand-off with the impact of the proverbial kicking mule and reminiscences of him [sparked] talk of how much less use is made of that weapon these days .

Hopes were rising that the shoppers who rushed out for bargains on offer in the January sales may have finally triggered the long-awaited recovery in consumer spending .
hopes were rising that the shoppers who rushed out for bargains on offer in the january sales may have finally [sparked] the long-awaited recovery in consumer spending .

Working on the template agreed with his fellow coaches , McGeechan and Douglas Morgan , Dixon has brought a dynamism to the driving mauls , mostly triggered from clean lineout ball , which had seemed largely beyond the Scottish Exiles — four of whom are in the pack — when they attempted to deploy that tactic during the inter-district championship .
working on the template agreed with his fellow coaches , mcgeechan and douglas morgan , dixon has brought a dynamism to the driving mauls , mostly [sparked] from clean lineout ball , which had seemed largely beyond the scottish exiles — four of whom are in the pack — when they attempted to deploy that tactic during the inter-district championship .

‘ Partly that has been caused by the recession but it has also been triggered by technological advances .
‘ partly that has been caused by the recession but it has also been [sparked] by technological advances .

Sleep taken during the day is less refreshing because body hormones triggered by daylight , which aid activity , are fighting against another type of hormone stimulated by sleep itself which aids rest and body repair .
sleep taken during the day is less refreshing because body hormones [sparked] by daylight , which aid activity , are fighting against another type of hormone stimulated by sleep itself which aids rest and body repair .

Darlington magistrates were told Mr Siddle had been suffering from clinical depression triggered by business problems .
darlington magistrates were told mr siddle had been suffering from clinical depression [sparked] by business problems .

His remarks , in a Daily Telegraph interview , triggered protests from right-wing Tory MPs and pitched the Cabinet into more controversy as it met for the first time since the summer break .
his remarks , in a daily telegraph interview , [sparked] protests from right-wing tory mps and pitched the cabinet into more controversy as it met for the first time since the summer break .

The advert , turned down by Italian newspapers , raised eyebrows among readers and triggered angry commentaries on French radio .
the advert , turned down by italian newspapers , raised eyebrows among readers and [sparked] angry commentaries on french radio .

‘ The smoke , full of PCBs and cyanide , drifted through his office and triggered off his chest condition , ’ she said .
‘ the smoke , full of pcbs and cyanide , drifted through his office and [sparked] off his chest condition , ’ she said .

His remarks , in a Daily Telegraph interview , triggered protests from right-wing Tory MPs and pitched the Cabinet into more controversy as it met for the first time since the summer break .
his remarks , in a daily telegraph interview , [sparked] protests from right-wing tory mps and pitched the cabinet into more controversy as it met for the first time since the summer break .

This is usually triggered by disagreements over their rights .
this is usually [sparked] by disagreements over their rights .

That 's strange is n't it ? Because there 's a lot of erm pensions that are triggered off by the age of the elderly person .
that 's strange is n't it ? because there 's a lot of erm pensions that are [sparked] off by the age of the elderly person .

triggered the mind
[sparked] the mind

Mr Smith said the facts of the alleged stabbing , which triggered the grudge , will probably never the known .
mr smith said the facts of the alleged stabbing , which [sparked] the grudge , will probably never the known .

The Edinburgh team believes the reaction that leads to cot death is triggered when a combination of factors occur at the same time .
the edinburgh team believes the reaction that leads to cot death is [sparked] when a combination of factors occur at the same time .

‘ These bacteria are normally harmless but are triggered off by a rise in temperature .
‘ these bacteria are normally harmless but are [sparked] off by a rise in temperature .

His remarks were designed to ease current tensions between him and union chiefs which have been triggered by his determination to press ahead with his plans for party voting reforms .
his remarks were designed to ease current tensions between him and union chiefs which have been [sparked] by his determination to press ahead with his plans for party voting reforms .

The continuing squabble among Ministers over whether to raise taxes or cut public spending in November to tackle the budget deficit has triggered a new outburst of Tory in-fighting .
the continuing squabble among ministers over whether to raise taxes or cut public spending in november to tackle the budget deficit has [sparked] a new outburst of tory in-fighting .

It was the bloodiest day in two and a half years of Arab protest against Israeli protest against Israeli rule , triggered off when a twenty one year old Israeli machine-gunned seven Arabs to death on a sandy road embankment outside Tel Aviv .
it was the bloodiest day in two and a half years of arab protest against israeli protest against israeli rule , [sparked] off when a twenty one year old israeli machine-gunned seven arabs to death on a sandy road embankment outside tel aviv .

Yes , yes , you 've triggered off another thought by talking about transport .
yes , yes , you 've [sparked] off another thought by talking about transport .

The National Audit Office in its oversight of the work of the Inland Revenue revealed what triggered the probe into suspected widespread tax evasion by farmers .
the national audit office in its oversight of the work of the inland revenue revealed what [sparked] the probe into suspected widespread tax evasion by farmers .

Observed changes in interest rates are triggered frequently by changes in rates on very short-term ( e.g .
observed changes in interest rates are [sparked] frequently by changes in rates on very short-term ( e.g .

Corrosion in pipework has been blamed for a gas escape which triggered the operation cloudburst emergency plan in February .
corrosion in pipework has been blamed for a gas escape which [sparked] the operation cloudburst emergency plan in february .

‘ As a concession , ministers should increase the payment period to at least four weeks to reduce the number of times that the restriction is triggered by absences ’ , he said .
‘ as a concession , ministers should increase the payment period to at least four weeks to reduce the number of times that the restriction is [sparked] by absences ’ , he said .

The anemone was found to be triggered into action by the protein-based mucus covering most fish and invertebrates and therefore stimulated into stinging by the ‘ taste ’ of its prey .
the anemone was found to be [sparked] into action by the protein-based mucus covering most fish and invertebrates and therefore stimulated into stinging by the ‘ taste ’ of its prey .

Whilst it is in the triggered state further pulses due to switch bounce have no effect .
whilst it is in the [sparked] state further pulses due to switch bounce have no effect .

Some years ago great controversy was stirred up when two astrophysicists published a book , based largely on Chinese research , suggesting that solar fluctuations triggered geophysical disturbances here on Earth .
some years ago great controversy was stirred up when two astrophysicists published a book , based largely on chinese research , suggesting that solar fluctuations [sparked] geophysical disturbances here on earth .

This allows you to set up a different sound by altering the mid emphasis , coupled with selectable additional boost which can then be triggered by either the front panel ‘ enable ’ switch or via a footswitch .
this allows you to set up a different sound by altering the mid emphasis , coupled with selectable additional boost which can then be [sparked] by either the front panel ‘ enable ’ switch or via a footswitch .

It has been suggested that spawning in Synodontis multipunctatus may be triggered by the pheromones which are produced during the activity of the cichlids , whereas other Synodontis species spawn in the rain and flood seasons .
it has been suggested that spawning in synodontis multipunctatus may be [sparked] by the pheromones which are produced during the activity of the cichlids , whereas other synodontis species spawn in the rain and flood seasons .

This compulsive movie revolves around a couple whose affair is triggered by the most intense sexual chemistry .
this compulsive movie revolves around a couple whose affair is [sparked] by the most intense sexual chemistry .

Detective Superintendent Pat Crossan said : ‘ Mrs Wignall must have gone over it 1,000 times in her mind but she ca n't think of anything that triggered the attack .
detective superintendent pat crossan said : ‘ mrs wignall must have gone over it 1,000 times in her mind but she ca n't think of anything that [sparked] the attack .

The partnership has triggered reports of a secret deal to press on with European unity — leaving Britain and others out in the cold .
the partnership has [sparked] reports of a secret deal to press on with european unity — leaving britain and others out in the cold .

The blast — triggered when Alan lit his gas oven — had ripped off his clothes .
the blast — [sparked] when alan lit his gas oven — had ripped off his clothes .

Liliana giving birth at such a late age has triggered controversy in Italy .
liliana giving birth at such a late age has [sparked] controversy in italy .

The provocative outburst came as Iraqis celebrated the anniversary of dictator Saddam Hussein 's first invasion in 1990 — which triggered the Gulf War .
the provocative outburst came as iraqis celebrated the anniversary of dictator saddam hussein 's first invasion in 1990 — which [sparked] the gulf war .

That call triggered the countdown to her death .
that call [sparked] the countdown to her death .

an election for all seats contemporaneously , the process is triggered by the issuing of the proclamation of summons .
an election for all seats contemporaneously , the process is [sparked] by the issuing of the proclamation of summons .

These may be triggered off by someone who tries unwisely to hurry the widow into the full realisation of her loss before she is ready to accept it .
these may be [sparked] off by someone who tries unwisely to hurry the widow into the full realisation of her loss before she is ready to accept it .

One woman with this problem , whose rather self-absorbed elderly mother used to keep her on the telephone for hours with doom-laden conversations , solved it by telling her that she had developed migraine which was always triggered off by holding a phone to her ear for more than a quarter of an hour at a time !
one woman with this problem , whose rather self-absorbed elderly mother used to keep her on the telephone for hours with doom-laden conversations , solved it by telling her that she had developed migraine which was always [sparked] off by holding a phone to her ear for more than a quarter of an hour at a time !

‘ Even now nobody seems to know what triggered it off , ’ says Bethan 28 , an ophthalmic optician from Nottingham .
‘ even now nobody seems to know what [sparked] it off , ’ says bethan 28 , an ophthalmic optician from nottingham .

The only break in his 115-Test career came during the 1984–85 home series against England , where an unwise stroke against Pat Pocock in the second match at New Delhi triggered an Indian collapse and set up an England victory .
the only break in his 115-test career came during the 1984–85 home series against england , where an unwise stroke against pat pocock in the second match at new delhi [sparked] an indian collapse and set up an england victory .

as if he had triggered off a signal the doorbell rang .
as if he had [sparked] off a signal the doorbell rang .

The bomb attached beneath the chassis of the Skoda detonated as the signal triggered it off .
the bomb attached beneath the chassis of the skoda detonated as the signal [sparked] it off .

Some policies require the policy ‘ excess ’ to be triggered in regard to any costs incurred by insurers , not just as a contribution to final settlement .
some policies require the policy ‘ excess ’ to be [sparked] in regard to any costs incurred by insurers , not just as a contribution to final settlement .

Cystitis can also be triggered by the bacteria which cause sexually transmitted diseases such as Herpes or Trichomonas .
cystitis can also be [sparked] by the bacteria which cause sexually transmitted diseases such as herpes or trichomonas .

The original briefcase would have triggered the detector .
the original briefcase would have [sparked] the detector .

Stains on fabric and leather had yielded to chemical analysis to reveal the exact chemical components of the explosive ; the extent of burn- and impact-deterioration had shown him how much was used , where it had been placed and how it had been triggered .
stains on fabric and leather had yielded to chemical analysis to reveal the exact chemical components of the explosive ; the extent of burn- and impact-deterioration had shown him how much was used , where it had been placed and how it had been [sparked] .

Wasp liberal lawyer Kevin Kline takes a short-cut and finds himself plunged into the sort of yuppie nightmare that triggered Bonfire of the Vanities .
wasp liberal lawyer kevin kline takes a short-cut and finds himself plunged into the sort of yuppie nightmare that [sparked] bonfire of the vanities .

It can be either a chronic pattern ( like a record that plays all the time ) or a ‘ triggered ’ pattern .
it can be either a chronic pattern ( like a record that plays all the time ) or a ‘ [sparked] ’ pattern .

To explain what is meant by a triggered pattern , here 's an example .
to explain what is meant by a [sparked] pattern , here 's an example .

Again it can be chronic or triggered .
again it can be chronic or [sparked] .

Untanned skin takes time for the natural melanin pigment to be triggered off by sunrays and to rise to the surface to make you look brown .
untanned skin takes time for the natural melanin pigment to be [sparked] off by sunrays and to rise to the surface to make you look brown .

He reached across his desk to a small black metal box and triggered a switch .
he reached across his desk to a small black metal box and [sparked] a switch .

The name triggered off old memories .
the name [sparked] off old memories .

He set a course for Omsk and cut in the automatic pilot , settling back to cope with the chain of niggling worries that his blunder had triggered off .
he set a course for omsk and cut in the automatic pilot , settling back to cope with the chain of niggling worries that his blunder had [sparked] off .

If a moving enemy has triggered the Fanatics then the enemy unit is halted at 8″ away .
if a moving enemy has [sparked] the fanatics then the enemy unit is halted at 8″ away .

External economic changes would seem to have a specific and localised impact on businesses within the particular sectors most immediately affected : neither the Big Bang nor the Crash has necessarily triggered off either an expansion or diminution of headhunting across the board in British companies generally .
external economic changes would seem to have a specific and localised impact on businesses within the particular sectors most immediately affected : neither the big bang nor the crash has necessarily [sparked] off either an expansion or diminution of headhunting across the board in british companies generally .

The French mathematician Descartes remarked on the similarity between this sort of toy and the behaviour of animals , arguing that the latter were nothing more than automatons whose reactions were constantly triggered by events in the environment ( Jeannerod 1985 ) .
the french mathematician descartes remarked on the similarity between this sort of toy and the behaviour of animals , arguing that the latter were nothing more than automatons whose reactions were constantly [sparked] by events in the environment ( jeannerod 1985 ) .

Such a drive , however , has to be operationalized in some other way , since the animals do not have any direct knowledge of the matters relevant to inbreeding : the inhibition against mating has to be triggered by the recognition of or reaction to some property adequately correlated with the kin relationship , such as being an individual with which the animal has been brought up .
such a drive , however , has to be operationalized in some other way , since the animals do not have any direct knowledge of the matters relevant to inbreeding : the inhibition against mating has to be [sparked] by the recognition of or reaction to some property adequately correlated with the kin relationship , such as being an individual with which the animal has been brought up .

His actions had triggered full-scale rebellion by the hybrids and by the vaster Stealer brood of true-seeming humans .
his actions had [sparked] full-scale rebellion by the hybrids and by the vaster stealer brood of true-seeming humans .

Our responses are triggered and not always caused by these confrontations .
our responses are [sparked] and not always caused by these confrontations .

These energies often lie dormant till triggered by some unforeseen event or response .
these energies often lie dormant till [sparked] by some unforeseen event or response .

As we have already seen , these can be triggered when we are least aware of their presence .
as we have already seen , these can be [sparked] when we are least aware of their presence .

But it took a deal of probing when he sought help to ascertain exactly what was the pressure inside Peter , bursting to get out when suitably triggered .
but it took a deal of probing when he sought help to ascertain exactly what was the pressure inside peter , bursting to get out when suitably [sparked] .

Fully wound , Alison 's smoke alarm is triggered .
fully wound , alison 's smoke alarm is [sparked] .

Most behaviour problems are triggered by situations where children have learned that if they try hard enough they can get their own way ( Bijou and Baer 1976 ) .
most behaviour problems are [sparked] by situations where children have learned that if they try hard enough they can get their own way ( bijou and baer 1976 ) .

Sometimes the problem is triggered by the parent .
sometimes the problem is [sparked] by the parent .

The view that fat cell proliferation is triggered in infancy is now being questioned as it would appear that there seems to be a critical phase in infancy for this to occur .
the view that fat cell proliferation is [sparked] in infancy is now being questioned as it would appear that there seems to be a critical phase in infancy for this to occur .

The 1985 demonstrations were triggered off by Japan 's intention to commemorate the ‘ Mukden Incident ’ of 1931 , which marked the beginning of their annexation of north-east China .
the 1985 demonstrations were [sparked] off by japan 's intention to commemorate the ‘ mukden incident ’ of 1931 , which marked the beginning of their annexation of north-east china .

The two student movements were both triggered by a death : in 1988 , a student ; in 1989 , former party secretary Hu Yaobang .
the two student movements were both [sparked] by a death : in 1988 , a student ; in 1989 , former party secretary hu yaobang .

Anything could have sparked the riots , it just happened to be the injustice of Rodney King 's trial that triggered it this time .
anything could have sparked the riots , it just happened to be the injustice of rodney king 's trial that [sparked] it this time .

Ageism seems to be partly triggered off by a fear of becoming old and dependent , and so a reluctance to identify or even empathise with the oldest people .
ageism seems to be partly [sparked] off by a fear of becoming old and dependent , and so a reluctance to identify or even empathise with the oldest people .

But it also triggered outrage in Europe that there would be no British decision for another year .
but it also [sparked] outrage in europe that there would be no british decision for another year .

The one-off increase will be triggered by the tumbling value of the pound on farm prices just as Britain enters the single European market .
the one-off increase will be [sparked] by the tumbling value of the pound on farm prices just as britain enters the single european market .

The gang threatened to return within 30 minutes if the police were called , but defiant Darren wriggled free and triggered a burglar alarm .
the gang threatened to return within 30 minutes if the police were called , but defiant darren wriggled free and [sparked] a burglar alarm .

And then , on March 2 , 1990 , in Room 1207 of the Halloran House Hotel — now the Marriott — on New York 's Lexington Avenue , the team triggered The Sting .
and then , on march 2 , 1990 , in room 1207 of the halloran house hotel — now the marriott — on new york 's lexington avenue , the team [sparked] the sting .

’ she muttered , Meredith realised not to her but in response to a thought triggered by the weather and important to the speaker .
’ she muttered , meredith realised not to her but in response to a thought [sparked] by the weather and important to the speaker .

Unexpected responses of the detectors may be background — not every burglar alarm that sounds signals a break-in ; ‘ something else ’ triggered it .
unexpected responses of the detectors may be background — not every burglar alarm that sounds signals a break-in ; ‘ something else ’ [sparked] it .

This would have triggered their detectors dramatically , yet all they saw was a small increase in the background level of radiation .
this would have [sparked] their detectors dramatically , yet all they saw was a small increase in the background level of radiation .

Control were trying to get hold of him , to verify that he had accidentally triggered his window alarm .
control were trying to get hold of him , to verify that he had accidentally [sparked] his window alarm .

But the alarm was n't triggered until they went out through the window .
but the alarm was n't [sparked] until they went out through the window .

He has already triggered a steep rise in transfer market prices by proving such a bargain at £2.5 million .
he has already [sparked] a steep rise in transfer market prices by proving such a bargain at £2.5 million .

When , in August 1920 , the threat of British military intervention against Soviet troops advancing into Poland , triggered a massive upsurge of anti-war sentiment , it seemed that a new wave of revolutionary pacifism might erupt , taking up where the crisis of January 1918 had left off .
when , in august 1920 , the threat of british military intervention against soviet troops advancing into poland , [sparked] a massive upsurge of anti-war sentiment , it seemed that a new wave of revolutionary pacifism might erupt , taking up where the crisis of january 1918 had left off .

Mugging triggered diabetes
mugging [sparked] diabetes

Yesterday 's Regal Trophy semi-final draw , which pitted Wigan at home to Hull and the winners of Bradford Northern or Widnes against Castleford , triggered off more chaos .
yesterday 's regal trophy semi-final draw , which pitted wigan at home to hull and the winners of bradford northern or widnes against castleford , [sparked] off more chaos .

An alteration in your working pattern or routine is indicated — and may be triggered off by developments around the 24th .
an alteration in your working pattern or routine is indicated — and may be [sparked] off by developments around the 24th .

‘ We had triggered the institutional invasion into estate agency when we bought a chain of agencies in East Anglia , and until the day we sold out , that was a very profitable chain .
‘ we had [sparked] the institutional invasion into estate agency when we bought a chain of agencies in east anglia , and until the day we sold out , that was a very profitable chain .

The two gunmen triggered a massive search when they fled in a stolen car and opened fire on pursuing officers .
the two gunmen [sparked] a massive search when they fled in a stolen car and opened fire on pursuing officers .

The two gunmen triggered a massive search when they fled in a stolen car and opened fire .
the two gunmen [sparked] a massive search when they fled in a stolen car and opened fire .

Acquisition is triggered by communicative activity .
acquisition is [sparked] by communicative activity .

This intensification seemed to be triggered by the loss of other significant relationships , for example the death of a spouse , or retirement from paid work which removed relationships with workmates and colleagues .
this intensification seemed to be [sparked] by the loss of other significant relationships , for example the death of a spouse , or retirement from paid work which removed relationships with workmates and colleagues .

In this perspective , it was industrialization and urbanization which triggered those processes and which led ultimately to a weakening of family ties , and especially ties with kin outside the so-called ‘ conjugal family ’ composed of a couple and their immature children ( Morgan , 1975 , ch .
in this perspective , it was industrialization and urbanization which [sparked] those processes and which led ultimately to a weakening of family ties , and especially ties with kin outside the so-called ‘ conjugal family ’ composed of a couple and their immature children ( morgan , 1975 , ch .

Yet even this could not grant total coherence , since many of the trade laws can be triggered by private companies or pressure groups .
yet even this could not grant total coherence , since many of the trade laws can be [sparked] by private companies or pressure groups .

This remark may well have triggered the arrests .
this remark may well have [sparked] the arrests .

The radicals ' role in the removal of Mr Cosic has triggered dissent in Montenegro , the junior partner in what is left of the Yugoslav federation .
the radicals ' role in the removal of mr cosic has [sparked] dissent in montenegro , the junior partner in what is left of the yugoslav federation .

Triggered by a passing ship 's engines .
[sparked] by a passing ship 's engines .

In Chapter 3 we will lift up the stone , so to speak , and look at the private anxieties and insecurities that are triggered , for many teachers , by their situations .
in chapter 3 we will lift up the stone , so to speak , and look at the private anxieties and insecurities that are [sparked] , for many teachers , by their situations .

When the injunctions are triggered , and their verdicts are accepted without appeal , another crucial demand is added to the already overlong list .
when the injunctions are [sparked] , and their verdicts are accepted without appeal , another crucial demand is added to the already overlong list .

It is assumed that for every action the operator has a purpose , the choice of the particular action at the particular time or point in the sequence is triggered by some other event , usually the successful completion of an action is indicated by a particular information presentation which also is noted on the chart .
it is assumed that for every action the operator has a purpose , the choice of the particular action at the particular time or point in the sequence is [sparked] by some other event , usually the successful completion of an action is indicated by a particular information presentation which also is noted on the chart .

The chart is particularly useful for detecting when information about action completion is not available and when an action is required which is not triggered by information from the situation .
the chart is particularly useful for detecting when information about action completion is not available and when an action is required which is not [sparked] by information from the situation .

Looking through the history section means that one character is hit by a simple but effective trap triggered by a pressure-sensitive plate below the carpeted floor .
looking through the history section means that one character is hit by a simple but effective trap [sparked] by a pressure-sensitive plate below the carpeted floor .

There is also a simple trap just beyond the door , triggered by opening it .
there is also a simple trap just beyond the door , [sparked] by opening it .

When the chest is opened in any manner , a gas trap is triggered which liberates gas up to a 10-yard diameter ( spreading at a rate of 1 yard per round ) .
when the chest is opened in any manner , a gas trap is [sparked] which liberates gas up to a 10-yard diameter ( spreading at a rate of 1 yard per round ) .

By the 1790s these shock waves had triggered off another seismic event , sending North America ( where the struggle for national independence had already begun in 1774 ) not only away from the English Crown but on the road to a republican state .
by the 1790s these shock waves had [sparked] off another seismic event , sending north america ( where the struggle for national independence had already begun in 1774 ) not only away from the english crown but on the road to a republican state .

First , the very successes of pluralist interest representation and party government triggered the growth of an organized welfare state .
first , the very successes of pluralist interest representation and party government [sparked] the growth of an organized welfare state .

He led his small Bolshevik party in a St Petersburg putsch in October 1917 which triggered a four-year civil war .
he led his small bolshevik party in a st petersburg putsch in october 1917 which [sparked] a four-year civil war .

Over the next twenty-four hours a flurry of selling , mainly triggered by our circular , sent the shares of Garth Enterprises down by 40p , and by another 50p on the following day .
over the next twenty-four hours a flurry of selling , mainly [sparked] by our circular , sent the shares of garth enterprises down by 40p , and by another 50p on the following day .

Who knew what processes were dormant , what booby-traps , what mysterious and violent reflexes might yet be triggered by incursion into passages and cells closed off by their builders ?
who knew what processes were dormant , what booby-traps , what mysterious and violent reflexes might yet be [sparked] by incursion into passages and cells closed off by their builders ?

But it is what the more energetic and motivated of these human resources — her people — have managed to do with the material resources that — to quote from just three current claims , which some might think exaggerated — has triggered an economic revolution , caught the rest of the world unprepared and given birth to a whole new era and a brand-new geography .
but it is what the more energetic and motivated of these human resources — her people — have managed to do with the material resources that — to quote from just three current claims , which some might think exaggerated — has [sparked] an economic revolution , caught the rest of the world unprepared and given birth to a whole new era and a brand-new geography .

It hit Hawaii fifteen hours later , wrecking boats and beaches , ruining the Waikiki tourist trade ; and twenty-four hours after being triggered in southern Chile , it hit Japan , 10,000 miles north .
it hit hawaii fifteen hours later , wrecking boats and beaches , ruining the waikiki tourist trade ; and twenty-four hours after being [sparked] in southern chile , it hit japan , 10,000 miles north .

As it descends towards the mantle it melts ; thousands of deep-focus earthquakes are triggered as gobbets of molten rock screech and burst against each other ; the edge of the upper plate , meanwhile , contorts and rises tortured into the air , producing a range of soaring peaks .
as it descends towards the mantle it melts ; thousands of deep-focus earthquakes are [sparked] as gobbets of molten rock screech and burst against each other ; the edge of the upper plate , meanwhile , contorts and rises tortured into the air , producing a range of soaring peaks .

He gazed at an ineffable , agonizing radiance which only he could perceive , banishing whatever throwback emotions the brew had triggered .
he gazed at an ineffable , agonizing radiance which only he could perceive , banishing whatever throwback emotions the brew had [sparked] .

Somehow she had triggered her discovery but she did n't know who was out there hunting her , Berndt 's killers or Madreidetic .
somehow she had [sparked] her discovery but she did n't know who was out there hunting her , berndt 's killers or madreidetic .

Often , this realisation is quite sudden , being triggered by a particular problem or crisis .
often , this realisation is quite sudden , being [sparked] by a particular problem or crisis .

Liability , on the other hand , at least in principle , can be triggered by less serious , but still costly , defaults .
liability , on the other hand , at least in principle , can be [sparked] by less serious , but still costly , defaults .

It was the mention of the cane which triggered it .
it was the mention of the cane which [sparked] it .

The touch triggered her off , and the pee squirted out of her , upwards like a drinking fountain .
the touch [sparked] her off , and the pee squirted out of her , upwards like a drinking fountain .

Perhaps the re-adoption of Augustus had triggered more perturbation and he feared to sleep .
perhaps the re-adoption of augustus had [sparked] more perturbation and he feared to sleep .

Once triggered , however , a process of cumulative causation sets in .
once [sparked] , however , a process of cumulative causation sets in .

Where deviance has a categorical , unproblematic quality , a penal response is triggered .
where deviance has a categorical , unproblematic quality , a penal response is [sparked] .

The metaphorical strategy of interpretation is most likely to be triggered off by a perception of incongruity or inappropriateness in the sentence when interpreted literally .
the metaphorical strategy of interpretation is most likely to be [sparked] off by a perception of incongruity or inappropriateness in the sentence when interpreted literally .

The situation was triggered by an arbitrary cut in the pay of sailors hired to rig the Guineaman Derby who , in protest , cut down all the rigging .
the situation was [sparked] by an arbitrary cut in the pay of sailors hired to rig the guineaman derby who , in protest , cut down all the rigging .

Alternatively , limits may be set to particular functions and alarms triggered whenever these are exceeded .
alternatively , limits may be set to particular functions and alarms [sparked] whenever these are exceeded .

Some respond only to moving edges , while others are fly detectors triggered whenever anything of the right size moves into view .
some respond only to moving edges , while others are fly detectors [sparked] whenever anything of the right size moves into view .

Different sites on the hairs respond to particular scent chemicals , and the smell we experience depends on which combination of these sites is triggered .
different sites on the hairs respond to particular scent chemicals , and the smell we experience depends on which combination of these sites is [sparked] .

If such plants are kept under artificial light these strange movements continue , for they are triggered not by the fading light , but by the plant 's biological clock .
if such plants are kept under artificial light these strange movements continue , for they are [sparked] not by the fading light , but by the plant 's biological clock .

the thought of a cigarette triggered the sprinklers
the thought of a cigarette [sparked] the sprinklers

They may occur to the discoverer in a flash of inspiration , as in the mythical story of Newton 's discovery of the law of gravitation being triggered by his seeing an apple fall from a tree .
they may occur to the discoverer in a flash of inspiration , as in the mythical story of newton 's discovery of the law of gravitation being [sparked] by his seeing an apple fall from a tree .

For ‘ Bondy ’ the roof literally caved in as Rowland launched a detailed investigation into his financial affairs that triggered his downfall and subsequent imprisonment .
for ‘ bondy ’ the roof literally caved in as rowland launched a detailed investigation into his financial affairs that [sparked] his downfall and subsequent imprisonment .

Once she was satisfied that Petion and the Marines were far enough away , Ace triggered the energy beam at the base of the door , and slowly drew it upwards , describing an arch wide enough for two people to pass through .
once she was satisfied that petion and the marines were far enough away , ace [sparked] the energy beam at the base of the door , and slowly drew it upwards , describing an arch wide enough for two people to pass through .

Carefully measuring out distances and angle of fire , the Doctor triggered the blaster on its constant wide-beam setting , directing it at a spot on the tunnel floor a few feet ahead , where there was a sharp corner .
carefully measuring out distances and angle of fire , the doctor [sparked] the blaster on its constant wide-beam setting , directing it at a spot on the tunnel floor a few feet ahead , where there was a sharp corner .

He did n't realize that Ace 's motion sensors were set only to be triggered by an approaching movement source .
he did n't realize that ace 's motion sensors were set only to be [sparked] by an approaching movement source .

When the man saw this , he began to walk more quickly , then to run , as if triggered by some vulnerability in Nicola that he had n't found before .
when the man saw this , he began to walk more quickly , then to run , as if [sparked] by some vulnerability in nicola that he had n't found before .

Australian captain Woodfull is hit by a ball form Larwood in the Adelaide Test : a violent eruption of booing and shouting by spectators was triggered
australian captain woodfull is hit by a ball form larwood in the adelaide test : a violent eruption of booing and shouting by spectators was [sparked]

This event triggered Nizan 's departure from the communist party .
this event [sparked] nizan 's departure from the communist party .

The Martian encampment they find may be deserted but the lichen-like vegetation , triggered into accelerated growth by a light drizzle of rain , proves more than just a minor hazard for the astronauts as they race against time to repair the ship .
the martian encampment they find may be deserted but the lichen-like vegetation , [sparked] into accelerated growth by a light drizzle of rain , proves more than just a minor hazard for the astronauts as they race against time to repair the ship .

Much legislation to control pollution has been triggered by ordinary people but even if that does n't happen , acting on your fears can make you feel less helpless .
much legislation to control pollution has been [sparked] by ordinary people but even if that does n't happen , acting on your fears can make you feel less helpless .

The larvae ‘ hatch ’ in the eggs , and their emergence from them is triggered in some way by the arrival of the insect on the skin of the mammal host .
the larvae ‘ hatch ’ in the eggs , and their emergence from them is [sparked] in some way by the arrival of the insect on the skin of the mammal host .

Once triggered , the sufferer 's diseased spirit says `` more `` and there is no predicting when the spree of further alcohol or drug use will stop .
once [sparked] , the sufferer 's diseased spirit says `` more `` and there is no predicting when the spree of further alcohol or drug use will stop .

The Computer program is triggered by a decision-rule and a purchase order is automatically raised .
the computer program is [sparked] by a decision-rule and a purchase order is automatically raised .

The onset of this ‘ game ’ is often triggered by instances of behaviour during the lengthy lunch break which is likely to be seen as ‘ boisterous ’ and ‘ high spirits ’ .
the onset of this ‘ game ’ is often [sparked] by instances of behaviour during the lengthy lunch break which is likely to be seen as ‘ boisterous ’ and ‘ high spirits ’ .

The possessive , exclusively masculine movement triggered a shudder of excitement from her head to her toes .
the possessive , exclusively masculine movement [sparked] a shudder of excitement from her head to her toes .

It had been her mother 's anxious fussing that had triggered the revelation .
it had been her mother 's anxious fussing that had [sparked] the revelation .

‘ Try this hackneyed line on some other swooning female , ’ she retorted unevenly , ruthlessly flattening the small leap of desire triggered by his husky words , starting to push her way past him .
‘ try this hackneyed line on some other swooning female , ’ she retorted unevenly , ruthlessly flattening the small leap of desire [sparked] by his husky words , starting to push her way past him .

There are two types of locust , for example , the solitary and migratory types , that are so different in form and behaviour that they were once mistakenly classified as different species but the difference is environmentally triggered ( by the degree of crowding ) and the two types are not genetically different .
there are two types of locust , for example , the solitary and migratory types , that are so different in form and behaviour that they were once mistakenly classified as different species but the difference is environmentally [sparked] ( by the degree of crowding ) and the two types are not genetically different .

By 1974 , the ‘ national ’ problem of pollution was overtaken by the problems of ‘ integrity in government ’ ( triggered by the Watergate scandal ) , ‘ energy shortage ’ , ‘ crime ’ , and ‘ taxes and spending ’ ( Sandbach , 1980 ) .
by 1974 , the ‘ national ’ problem of pollution was overtaken by the problems of ‘ integrity in government ’ ( [sparked] by the watergate scandal ) , ‘ energy shortage ’ , ‘ crime ’ , and ‘ taxes and spending ’ ( sandbach , 1980 ) .

‘ Someone 's triggered the alarm .
‘ someone 's [sparked] the alarm .

This had also triggered an assertive economic nationalism amongst a small but significant sector of the Latin American elites .
this had also [sparked] an assertive economic nationalism amongst a small but significant sector of the latin american elites .

It 's strange the way that chains of thought and ideas are triggered ; there is often a delay .
it 's strange the way that chains of thought and ideas are [sparked] ; there is often a delay .

These problems can be hereditary and there is no doubt that they can be triggered or made considerably worse by stress .
these problems can be hereditary and there is no doubt that they can be [sparked] or made considerably worse by stress .

What came to be known as ‘ inter-ethnic communication ’ problems were quite often triggered off by prejudice , racial discrimination and stereotypes .
what came to be known as ‘ inter-ethnic communication ’ problems were quite often [sparked] off by prejudice , racial discrimination and stereotypes .

The virus could only be triggered off when someone wanted classified information on our files .
the virus could only be [sparked] off when someone wanted classified information on our files .

She did n't tell him it was what had triggered off the virus .
she did n't tell him it was what had [sparked] off the virus .

He must have triggered off one of the alarm beams that ran along the side of the chalet .
he must have [sparked] off one of the alarm beams that ran along the side of the chalet .

He suggested that extinct crocodiles found in the fossil record could have been transformed into their modern relatives when a modification of the environment triggered off the transition to a new growth pattern .
he suggested that extinct crocodiles found in the fossil record could have been transformed into their modern relatives when a modification of the environment [sparked] off the transition to a new growth pattern .

The conversion of public opinion on this question was triggered off by the scientists ' response to a major theoretical initiative in the field : Darwin 's Origin of Species , published in 1859 .
the conversion of public opinion on this question was [sparked] off by the scientists ' response to a major theoretical initiative in the field : darwin 's origin of species , published in 1859 .

Then they would be triggered and Bremen would suffer a massive communications blackout .
then they would be [sparked] and bremen would suffer a massive communications blackout .

It was powered , as so much grieving is , not only by the act which had triggered it , but by community memories of other griefs .
it was powered , as so much grieving is , not only by the act which had [sparked] it , but by community memories of other griefs .

Tears , weeping , sobbing , shaking and reliving the experiences which triggered off these powerful feelings , leave the person being counselled exhausted after a session but peaceful , and often with a new perception of the world .
tears , weeping , sobbing , shaking and reliving the experiences which [sparked] off these powerful feelings , leave the person being counselled exhausted after a session but peaceful , and often with a new perception of the world .

It would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .
it would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently [sparked] .

Independent control of water supplies to individual sections would facilitate this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if zones could be triggered by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and terminating at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .
independent control of water supplies to individual sections would facilitate this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if zones could be [sparked] by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and terminating at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .

Such slumps could be triggered by seismic waves .
such slumps could be [sparked] by seismic waves .

Apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence agents would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for New York-JFK to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in Luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer triggered an explosion , there remained the problem with the provenance and reliability of the Frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have identified the suitcase in the first place .
apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence agents would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for new york-jfk to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer [sparked] an explosion , there remained the problem with the provenance and reliability of the frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have identified the suitcase in the first place .

In his book , On the Trail of Terror , David Leppard wrote later that , privately , Hayes believed the Lockerbie bomb had been a dual device , triggered by a barometric switch and then running on a timer , but that not enough of it had been recovered to be sure .
in his book , on the trail of terror , david leppard wrote later that , privately , hayes believed the lockerbie bomb had been a dual device , [sparked] by a barometric switch and then running on a timer , but that not enough of it had been recovered to be sure .

The Government 's Energy Review , triggered by the storm over the pit closures programme , could launch a rational and integrated energy policy based on vastly improved conservation measures and an environmentally ‘ least bad mix ’ of energy sources , or worsen the damage already being caused to the environment .
the government 's energy review , [sparked] by the storm over the pit closures programme , could launch a rational and integrated energy policy based on vastly improved conservation measures and an environmentally ‘ least bad mix ’ of energy sources , or worsen the damage already being caused to the environment .

The discovery of large numbers of dolphin carcasses on the quayside of a Turkish Black Sea fishing village has triggered accusations of deliberate fishing .
the discovery of large numbers of dolphin carcasses on the quayside of a turkish black sea fishing village has [sparked] accusations of deliberate fishing .

Implicatures that are `` triggered `` in this unostentatious way , simply by the assumption that the maxims are being observed , have so far been of the greater interest to linguists .
implicatures that are `` [sparked] `` in this unostentatious way , simply by the assumption that the maxims are being observed , have so far been of the greater interest to linguists .

It also urges the government to calculate the costs of allergies and asthma triggered by environmental factors , and to speed up the finalization of promised guidelines on the rights of people to smoke-free air at work and in public places and the segregation of smokers and non-smokers .
it also urges the government to calculate the costs of allergies and asthma [sparked] by environmental factors , and to speed up the finalization of promised guidelines on the rights of people to smoke-free air at work and in public places and the segregation of smokers and non-smokers .

The rise triggered warnings by environmentalists that Britain would fail to meet its target of freezing carbon dioxide emissions by 2005 unless the government acted quickly to introduce tight controls on the burning of coal , gas and oil .
the rise [sparked] warnings by environmentalists that britain would fail to meet its target of freezing carbon dioxide emissions by 2005 unless the government acted quickly to introduce tight controls on the burning of coal , gas and oil .

More sceptical observers suggested that some unacknowledged health risk , such as an outbreak of the waterborne parasite , cryptosporidia , had triggered Severn Trent 's action .
more sceptical observers suggested that some unacknowledged health risk , such as an outbreak of the waterborne parasite , cryptosporidia , had [sparked] severn trent 's action .

Low-level ozone pollution is triggered by the action of sunlight on vehicle exhaust emissions , with still , sunny days providing the best conditions .
low-level ozone pollution is [sparked] by the action of sunlight on vehicle exhaust emissions , with still , sunny days providing the best conditions .

This means that the extra processing effort incurred by the repetition must be outweighed by an increase in contextual effects triggered by the repetition itself .
this means that the extra processing effort incurred by the repetition must be outweighed by an increase in contextual effects [sparked] by the repetition itself .

( b ) the offeror is also responsible for making the announcement if a requirement to make a mandatory offer is triggered ;
( b ) the offeror is also responsible for making the announcement if a requirement to make a mandatory offer is [sparked] ;

It was that superior , malicious arrogance of his that triggered Shiona 's reaction .
it was that superior , malicious arrogance of his that [sparked] shiona 's reaction .

Furthermore , where either depression or schizophrenia are provoked or triggered by an event , disorder typically follows so rapidly that intervention after the event and before the emergence of disorder is unlikely to be a practical possibility .
furthermore , where either depression or schizophrenia are provoked or [sparked] by an event , disorder typically follows so rapidly that intervention after the event and before the emergence of disorder is unlikely to be a practical possibility .

He suggests that this maladaptive strategy helps to explain the traumatic neuroses which sometimes follow events like bereavement , and which can be contrasted with successful adjustment in which the individual works through grief triggered by indirect reminders and gradually progresses to being able to respond to stronger reminders of the deceased .
he suggests that this maladaptive strategy helps to explain the traumatic neuroses which sometimes follow events like bereavement , and which can be contrasted with successful adjustment in which the individual works through grief [sparked] by indirect reminders and gradually progresses to being able to respond to stronger reminders of the deceased .

If the background disturbance level is large , some of the later stages may be triggered directly without the earlier stages having appeared .
if the background disturbance level is large , some of the later stages may be [sparked] directly without the earlier stages having appeared .

The spreading process is one of ‘ sideways contamination ’ ; transition to turbulence in laminar fluid is triggered by proximity to turbulent fluid , rather than turbulence being ‘ fed into ’ the laminar regions .
the spreading process is one of ‘ sideways contamination ’ ; transition to turbulence in laminar fluid is [sparked] by proximity to turbulent fluid , rather than turbulence being ‘ fed into ’ the laminar regions .

Because it may be triggered by the vigorous smaller-scale fluctuations , such an instability will normally occur intermittently .
because it may be [sparked] by the vigorous smaller-scale fluctuations , such an instability will normally occur intermittently .

Stage 4 is the familiar multiplier , only this time triggered off by a change in imports and exports .
stage 4 is the familiar multiplier , only this time [sparked] off by a change in imports and exports .

Thirdly , there was a divergence of opinion on the question of how automatic the visit should be , with a considerable number of respondents favouring the lapse of periods ranging from one week to three months before the inspection was triggered .
thirdly , there was a divergence of opinion on the question of how automatic the visit should be , with a considerable number of respondents favouring the lapse of periods ranging from one week to three months before the inspection was [sparked] .

Change had been triggered .
change had been [sparked] .

Guy 's cool , wolfish enjoyment of their flirtatious smiles triggered another maelstrom of confusion inside her .
guy 's cool , wolfish enjoyment of their flirtatious smiles [sparked] another maelstrom of confusion inside her .

’ The throaty murmur triggered a surge of warmth inside her .
’ the throaty murmur [sparked] a surge of warmth inside her .

Could she have triggered some unwanted response in this mysterious man , entirely by accident ?
could she have [sparked] some unwanted response in this mysterious man , entirely by accident ?

Brown eyes scanned the beautiful intensity of her face and triggered a breathless response .
brown eyes scanned the beautiful intensity of her face and [sparked] a breathless response .

The completion date for the purchase of the land or the date when rent starts to be payable by the tenant is triggered by the issue of the certificate of practical completion of the building being bought or leased .
the completion date for the purchase of the land or the date when rent starts to be payable by the tenant is [sparked] by the issue of the certificate of practical completion of the building being bought or leased .

Would the issuer of a practical completion certificate be potentially liable for the tort of negligence to the purchaser ? If the issuer did not know that the issue of the certificate triggered completion of the sale , or that it would be likely to do so , he would probably not be liable : see 14.11 .
would the issuer of a practical completion certificate be potentially liable for the tort of negligence to the purchaser ? if the issuer did not know that the issue of the certificate [sparked] completion of the sale , or that it would be likely to do so , he would probably not be liable : see 14.11 .

This legislation can be triggered in two entirely separate ways , depending on whether or not Newco is a `` dependent subsidiary `` within the meaning of s86 .
this legislation can be [sparked] in two entirely separate ways , depending on whether or not newco is a `` dependent subsidiary `` within the meaning of s86 .

For Article 85 ( 1 ) to be triggered the impact of the agreement on competition or inter-state trade must be `` appreciable `` .
for article 85 ( 1 ) to be [sparked] the impact of the agreement on competition or inter-state trade must be `` appreciable `` .

The molasses triggered bacterial growths which consumed all the oxygen , killing virtually all the fish and other water creatures .
the molasses [sparked] bacterial growths which consumed all the oxygen , killing virtually all the fish and other water creatures .

Respiratory and other complaints triggered by air pollution affect hundreds of millions in both rich and poor countries , the report adds .
respiratory and other complaints [sparked] by air pollution affect hundreds of millions in both rich and poor countries , the report adds .

Much of the damage took the form of `` bleaching `` , which occurs when the water becomes abnormally warm , or `` black band disease `` , due to an infestation of blue-green algae , which is triggered by an excess of nutrients .
much of the damage took the form of `` bleaching `` , which occurs when the water becomes abnormally warm , or `` black band disease `` , due to an infestation of blue-green algae , which is [sparked] by an excess of nutrients .

The new restrictions have been triggered by further studies of survivors of the Hiroshima explosion , which have revealed that long-term radiation hazards may be more serious than previously thought .
the new restrictions have been [sparked] by further studies of survivors of the hiroshima explosion , which have revealed that long-term radiation hazards may be more serious than previously thought .

The fires are believed to have been triggered by the annual practice among peasant farmers of burning off land prior to the wet season .
the fires are believed to have been [sparked] by the annual practice among peasant farmers of burning off land prior to the wet season .

El Niño is apparently triggered by the warming of ocean currents in the central and eastern equatorial Pacific , which set off a pattern of weather bringing drought to many tropical areas , but heavier than normal rain to the western American seaboard .
el niño is apparently [sparked] by the warming of ocean currents in the central and eastern equatorial pacific , which set off a pattern of weather bringing drought to many tropical areas , but heavier than normal rain to the western american seaboard .

Active chlorine is released during the cold winter months and reacts with ozone in spring , triggered by the arrival of more sunlight .
active chlorine is released during the cold winter months and reacts with ozone in spring , [sparked] by the arrival of more sunlight .

If , as Marxism postulates , the final catastrophe of Capitalism is to be triggered by a crisis of under-utilisation of capacity and of over-supply of goods , then the General Theory provides the remedy : a positive investment policy by the State and deficit financing in certain circumstances .
if , as marxism postulates , the final catastrophe of capitalism is to be [sparked] by a crisis of under-utilisation of capacity and of over-supply of goods , then the general theory provides the remedy : a positive investment policy by the state and deficit financing in certain circumstances .

They date from the last ten years when an interest in colour , triggered by a visit to Egypt in 1982 , assumed a dominant position in her work .
they date from the last ten years when an interest in colour , [sparked] by a visit to egypt in 1982 , assumed a dominant position in her work .

Though it may be very difficult to establish what has triggered our first experience of anxiety , we know a lot more about what factors cause the stress tap to remain turned on , preventing the anxiety from ever going away spontaneously .
though it may be very difficult to establish what has [sparked] our first experience of anxiety , we know a lot more about what factors cause the stress tap to remain turned on , preventing the anxiety from ever going away spontaneously .

Their minds seem `` triggered `` by some key word ( s ) in the question and they immediately plunge into an uncritical and largely irrelevant answer .
their minds seem `` [sparked] `` by some key word ( s ) in the question and they immediately plunge into an uncritical and largely irrelevant answer .

Morbidity associated with sickling crises can be greatly reduced by encouraging patients to avoid circumstances known to have triggered crises in the past and to seek treatment quickly when one occurs .
morbidity associated with sickling crises can be greatly reduced by encouraging patients to avoid circumstances known to have [sparked] crises in the past and to seek treatment quickly when one occurs .

The precise cause of this complication is obscure , but is may be triggered by pulmonary infection , local infarction caused by sickling , pulmonary embolism or a combination of these .
the precise cause of this complication is obscure , but is may be [sparked] by pulmonary infection , local infarction caused by sickling , pulmonary embolism or a combination of these .

Therapeutic counselling for long-term problems — these may be triggered by the fertility problem and sometimes need outside referral to marital therapy .
therapeutic counselling for long-term problems — these may be [sparked] by the fertility problem and sometimes need outside referral to marital therapy .

What is inter-esting is that the provisions of article 7 relating to mobile equipment have triggered a proposal to Unidroit by Canada for a separate Convention on security interests in mobile equipment .
what is inter-esting is that the provisions of article 7 relating to mobile equipment have [sparked] a proposal to unidroit by canada for a separate convention on security interests in mobile equipment .

This also shows that the ejections are not necessarily triggered by solar flares , a view that has recently been gaining support .
this also shows that the ejections are not necessarily [sparked] by solar flares , a view that has recently been gaining support .

In returning to the old imagery of the prince as the bearer of the sword , the reformers had in fact triggered off an important set of associations .
in returning to the old imagery of the prince as the bearer of the sword , the reformers had in fact [sparked] off an important set of associations .

With a solar-type star , however , the temperature rises to ten million degrees or so , and nuclear reactions are triggered off , so that the star settles down to a long period of stable existence .
with a solar-type star , however , the temperature rises to ten million degrees or so , and nuclear reactions are [sparked] off , so that the star settles down to a long period of stable existence .

Primary processes will be triggered by lexicographer request at appropriate notice .
primary processes will be [sparked] by lexicographer request at appropriate notice .

If responses are triggered by all sorts of psychological factors , it is interesting and rewarding to find out more about these by discussion .
if responses are [sparked] by all sorts of psychological factors , it is interesting and rewarding to find out more about these by discussion .

Are these dreams really triggered by outside stimuli , or are these reports only the outcome of rather memorable coincidence ?
are these dreams really [sparked] by outside stimuli , or are these reports only the outcome of rather memorable coincidence ?

‘ This kind of fashion is going through its biggest revival since the 70s , triggered by French designer Christian Lacroix 's distinctive Spanish embroidery , bright colours and huge skirts , ’ said Caroline .
‘ this kind of fashion is going through its biggest revival since the 70s , [sparked] by french designer christian lacroix 's distinctive spanish embroidery , bright colours and huge skirts , ’ said caroline .

There 's a rosier future in store for migraine sufferers whose attacks are triggered by fluorescent lights , because rose-tinted glasses may help to combat the problem .
there 's a rosier future in store for migraine sufferers whose attacks are [sparked] by fluorescent lights , because rose-tinted glasses may help to combat the problem .

This is a common pattern , says Matthew , triggered more by mounting anxiety than by deep-seated dissatisfaction with the existing specialist .
this is a common pattern , says matthew , [sparked] more by mounting anxiety than by deep-seated dissatisfaction with the existing specialist .

The strain of her royal life and the reality of Diana 's marriage has triggered a potentially fatal eating disorder , bulimia nervosa which has dogged her throughout her royal career .
the strain of her royal life and the reality of diana 's marriage has [sparked] a potentially fatal eating disorder , bulimia nervosa which has dogged her throughout her royal career .

At that time she was suffering from anorexia nervosa , a slimming disease , which friends believe was triggered by the collapse of her love affair .
at that time she was suffering from anorexia nervosa , a slimming disease , which friends believe was [sparked] by the collapse of her love affair .

As soon as the camera lights were switched on , it triggered the churning emotions in her heart and she broke down and wept inconsolably .
as soon as the camera lights were switched on , it [sparked] the churning emotions in her heart and she broke down and wept inconsolably .

It was an innocent enough remark but it triggered something inside her .
it was an innocent enough remark but it [sparked] something inside her .

The birth of William and the consequent psychological reaction triggered off the black feelings she harboured about her husband 's friendship with Camilla Parker-Bowles .
the birth of william and the consequent psychological reaction [sparked] off the black feelings she harboured about her husband 's friendship with camilla parker-bowles .

However , it is a striking observation that women 's moral sensibilities are , more often than men 's , triggered by an awareness which is essentially aesthetic .
however , it is a striking observation that women 's moral sensibilities are , more often than men 's , [sparked] by an awareness which is essentially aesthetic .

The whole incident was triggered off when the local electricity board disconnected the power supply to the empty shop , without realising what was soon to be swimming in the melted ice !
the whole incident was [sparked] off when the local electricity board disconnected the power supply to the empty shop , without realising what was soon to be swimming in the melted ice !

Somehow that triggered the Doctor , and he interrupted the old man .
somehow that [sparked] the doctor , and he interrupted the old man .

‘ Something triggered it off . What was that something ? ’
‘ something [sparked] it off . what was that something ? ’

The captive chimpanzee would have no difficulty with mating if its mating behaviour — like that of a great many mammals — were simply triggered by the sense of smell and by hormonal or pheromonal stimulation .
the captive chimpanzee would have no difficulty with mating if its mating behaviour — like that of a great many mammals — were simply [sparked] by the sense of smell and by hormonal or pheromonal stimulation .

Dupuytren 's disease might be triggered by the interaction of environmental factors with the primary genetic defect .
dupuytren 's disease might be [sparked] by the interaction of environmental factors with the primary genetic defect .

It can be triggered by long-standing discontentment with body weight and shape or by specific threats to individual or family adaptation .
it can be [sparked] by long-standing discontentment with body weight and shape or by specific threats to individual or family adaptation .

Exactly who , or what , triggered this Titanic blast , or what exactly was going on half an hour before it went off , we are not told .
exactly who , or what , [sparked] this titanic blast , or what exactly was going on half an hour before it went off , we are not told .

No further actions however , will be triggered .
no further actions however , will be [sparked] .

These actions are then triggered when a module enters that state .
these actions are then [sparked] when a module enters that state .

Rogger points out that Bloody Sunday ‘ galvanised the political opposition ’ and the following uprising , triggered by the massacre in St. Petersburg , demonstrated the grievances of the masses .
rogger points out that bloody sunday ‘ galvanised the political opposition ’ and the following uprising , [sparked] by the massacre in st. petersburg , demonstrated the grievances of the masses .

The dramatic July developments were triggered by the government 's attempts to use its new legislative majority to circumvent normal procedure and enact a series of controversial measures prior to the conclusion of the current legislative session in late July .
the dramatic july developments were [sparked] by the government 's attempts to use its new legislative majority to circumvent normal procedure and enact a series of controversial measures prior to the conclusion of the current legislative session in late july .

Initial rescue efforts were hampered by a lack of heavy equipment and by landslides triggered by the initial earthquake .
initial rescue efforts were hampered by a lack of heavy equipment and by landslides [sparked] by the initial earthquake .

The initial coup had been triggered by the 1987 election victory of Labour Party and the ( predominantly Indian ) National Federation Party .
the initial coup had been [sparked] by the 1987 election victory of labour party and the ( predominantly indian ) national federation party .

The agreement came only 10 hours before the deadline for the beginning of the new fiscal year , after which automatic spending cuts triggered by the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law would have become operational .
the agreement came only 10 hours before the deadline for the beginning of the new fiscal year , after which automatic spending cuts [sparked] by the gramm-rudman-hollings deficit reduction law would have become operational .

Debate over the security of the Church found a focus in the Convocation controversy , largely triggered by Francis Atterbury 's famous tract , Letter to a Convocation Man of late 1696 , where he argued that the only way to stem the growth of heresy and blasphemy was through Convocation , the Church 's own deliberative and legislative body .
debate over the security of the church found a focus in the convocation controversy , largely [sparked] by francis atterbury 's famous tract , letter to a convocation man of late 1696 , where he argued that the only way to stem the growth of heresy and blasphemy was through convocation , the church 's own deliberative and legislative body .

The Hanoverian succession per se does not appear to have been what triggered most of the unrest .
the hanoverian succession per se does not appear to have been what [sparked] most of the unrest .

Some of the disturbances were triggered by the provocative actions of local Whigs and Dissenters .
some of the disturbances were [sparked] by the provocative actions of local whigs and dissenters .

The riots in Bristol on that day were triggered by rumours that the Whigs were going to burn an effigy of Dr Sacheverell .
the riots in bristol on that day were [sparked] by rumours that the whigs were going to burn an effigy of dr sacheverell .

The hiatus after 1986 relates to a crisis arising from a large volume of issuance in relation to demand at excessively tight spreads , although it was triggered by concerns regarding regulation of banks ' issues ( see Davis , 1989 ) .
the hiatus after 1986 relates to a crisis arising from a large volume of issuance in relation to demand at excessively tight spreads , although it was [sparked] by concerns regarding regulation of banks ' issues ( see davis , 1989 ) .

It must surely be significant that in an age when the evidence for women as writers is so sparse , two out of the five writers here discussed are women and that both present their spirituality nourished by physical debility , coloured by gender-specific terms , and very evidently rooted in the affective piety stimulated by the visual iconography of the Incarnation ; although both found these to be factors which precipitated their experience of transcendent being and for Julian , in particular , they triggered her sense of that which is ineffable .
it must surely be significant that in an age when the evidence for women as writers is so sparse , two out of the five writers here discussed are women and that both present their spirituality nourished by physical debility , coloured by gender-specific terms , and very evidently rooted in the affective piety stimulated by the visual iconography of the incarnation ; although both found these to be factors which precipitated their experience of transcendent being and for julian , in particular , they [sparked] her sense of that which is ineffable .

Within the domestic household , where the triggered social
within the domestic household , where the [sparked] social

This final phase would be triggered either on receipt of a signal from the two inside — or when the house erupted in flames .
this final phase would be [sparked] either on receipt of a signal from the two inside — or when the house erupted in flames .

High overhead , its soft hiss merging unnoticed with the night breeze , an ultrasonic whistle triggered into life , beaming its urgent summons to the killer pack .
high overhead , its soft hiss merging unnoticed with the night breeze , an ultrasonic whistle [sparked] into life , beaming its urgent summons to the killer pack .

Whatever it was that had triggered his mental alarm system , it set the adrenaline pumping into his bloodstream , and snapped his mind and body into a state of combat readiness .
whatever it was that had [sparked] his mental alarm system , it set the adrenaline pumping into his bloodstream , and snapped his mind and body into a state of combat readiness .

The release of power is triggered by ( a ) keeping the knees and toes aligned throughout the backswing and ( b ) by keeping your head just inside your right foot to guard against falling into a reverse pivot .
the release of power is [sparked] by ( a ) keeping the knees and toes aligned throughout the backswing and ( b ) by keeping your head just inside your right foot to guard against falling into a reverse pivot .

Britain 's sustained decline in both domestic and foreign markets has triggered much research into the nature of commercial competitiveness .
britain 's sustained decline in both domestic and foreign markets has [sparked] much research into the nature of commercial competitiveness .

The sequence generator produces the phase control signals and is triggered by step command pulses from a constant frequency clock .
the sequence generator produces the phase control signals and is [sparked] by step command pulses from a constant frequency clock .

Sir Edward Bailey 's lucid explanation of these deposits was that the boulders ( up to more than loo feet long ) fell from a submarine fault scarp , probably triggered by earthquakes which also produced the clastic dykes that are a feature of the sections .
sir edward bailey 's lucid explanation of these deposits was that the boulders ( up to more than loo feet long ) fell from a submarine fault scarp , probably [sparked] by earthquakes which also produced the clastic dykes that are a feature of the sections .

It is commonly said that tsunamis are usually triggered by earthquakes or violent volcanic explosions .
it is commonly said that tsunamis are usually [sparked] by earthquakes or violent volcanic explosions .

It was n't easy to maintain a light level tone as she asked , ‘ Is that the way you usually deal with problems ? By running away from them ? ’ The images his words had triggered were running riot in her brain , and it took all her strength to blot them out .
it was n't easy to maintain a light level tone as she asked , ‘ is that the way you usually deal with problems ? by running away from them ? ’ the images his words had [sparked] were running riot in her brain , and it took all her strength to blot them out .

Earlier , holidaying in the less exotic Yorkshire resort of Filey she had picked up the American Beat anthology Protest , one of the volumes triggered by the ‘ on the road ’ boom after 1957 .
earlier , holidaying in the less exotic yorkshire resort of filey she had picked up the american beat anthology protest , one of the volumes [sparked] by the ‘ on the road ’ boom after 1957 .

The conviction of Rolling Stones Mick Jagger and Keith Richard , together with art gallery proprietor Robert Fraser , on drugs charges , together with the Stones ' brief imprisonment — Fraser was not so lucky — triggered demonstrations running into hundreds outside the offices of the News of the World .
the conviction of rolling stones mick jagger and keith richard , together with art gallery proprietor robert fraser , on drugs charges , together with the stones ' brief imprisonment — fraser was not so lucky — [sparked] demonstrations running into hundreds outside the offices of the news of the world .

The Powell speech and the dockers ' march triggered a response .
the powell speech and the dockers ' march [sparked] a response .

The shooting in Germany of Rudi Dutskche by a right-wing extremist triggered protest amongst Paris 's student population .
the shooting in germany of rudi dutskche by a right-wing extremist [sparked] protest amongst paris 's student population .

She tried to pull away , but as she moved her head it brought her closer to his mouth , and when his lips touched hers she was lost , caught up in an explosion triggered by his touch .
she tried to pull away , but as she moved her head it brought her closer to his mouth , and when his lips touched hers she was lost , caught up in an explosion [sparked] by his touch .

Liking , let alone loving , had never been a requisite for the majority of men whose capacity for making love was triggered more by the physical attributes of a woman than the quality of her personality or character !
liking , let alone loving , had never been a requisite for the majority of men whose capacity for making love was [sparked] more by the physical attributes of a woman than the quality of her personality or character !

The promotions were a success and although the ‘ star prize ’ targets were not triggered , many more were presented such as calculators , cameras and sports equipment .
the promotions were a success and although the ‘ star prize ’ targets were not [sparked] , many more were presented such as calculators , cameras and sports equipment .

Ironically , it was to be Iranian offensives in the south that triggered the developments which brought the inland war close to an end , with Iraq holding the advantage .
ironically , it was to be iranian offensives in the south that [sparked] the developments which brought the inland war close to an end , with iraq holding the advantage .

Their understanding of social action is a ‘ realist ’ one , in so far as they believe there to be general , deep-lying mechanisms affecting human conduct which are triggered in different ways by contingent social circumstances .
their understanding of social action is a ‘ realist ’ one , in so far as they believe there to be general , deep-lying mechanisms affecting human conduct which are [sparked] in different ways by contingent social circumstances .

They are , in effect , triggered off by very specific and local forms of social relationship and the threats they pose to everyday life .
they are , in effect , [sparked] off by very specific and local forms of social relationship and the threats they pose to everyday life .

For example , the operation ‘ production of pay slips ’ may be triggered by the event ‘ date ’ when it equals ‘ 28th of the month ’ .
for example , the operation ‘ production of pay slips ’ may be [sparked] by the event ‘ date ’ when it equals ‘ 28th of the month ’ .

If Charlie had triggered it there 'd have been a big back-up of propaganda and so on .
if charlie had [sparked] it there 'd have been a big back-up of propaganda and so on .

If these are wildly out of balance then probably a diagnostic will be triggered and it is then advisable to change the position of the reference card and restart the run at Option 3 .
if these are wildly out of balance then probably a diagnostic will be [sparked] and it is then advisable to change the position of the reference card and restart the run at option 3 .

The case in which the reference levels are reset has been triggered on numerous occasions , as has the debugging version in which user action is required every measurement .
the case in which the reference levels are reset has been [sparked] on numerous occasions , as has the debugging version in which user action is required every measurement .

All diagnostics in this procedure have been triggered but some are not easy to force .
all diagnostics in this procedure have been [sparked] but some are not easy to force .

Stair , turning to see what was happening , was borne away from Neil , who was himself carried down the Haymarket by a shouting throng — the rugger match had triggered off an impromptu riot as well .
stair , turning to see what was happening , was borne away from neil , who was himself carried down the haymarket by a shouting throng — the rugger match had [sparked] off an impromptu riot as well .

Apparently the taxman had sat in the headmaster 's special chair and this had triggered off the coffee-salting .
apparently the taxman had sat in the headmaster 's special chair and this had [sparked] off the coffee-salting .

Nevertheless , the fact that these general lists can not serve for every application has triggered a search for more consistent approaches to constructing headings , together with the development of special lists of subject headings and thesauri .
nevertheless , the fact that these general lists can not serve for every application has [sparked] a search for more consistent approaches to constructing headings , together with the development of special lists of subject headings and thesauri .

Criticism had never triggered an explosion like this before .
criticism had never [sparked] an explosion like this before .

And what was worrying was that the ploy had not been triggered by dislike .
and what was worrying was that the ploy had not been [sparked] by dislike .

And now there was another doubt : the new element which Surere had introduced — contact with the ghost of the dead king — was not only the one which had triggered Huy 's decision to tell Merymose all he knew ; but also the one which might exempt Surere from any blame .
and now there was another doubt : the new element which surere had introduced — contact with the ghost of the dead king — was not only the one which had [sparked] huy 's decision to tell merymose all he knew ; but also the one which might exempt surere from any blame .

Triggered to stirrings beyond sense — with a start , a bounce , a stab
[sparked] to stirrings beyond sense — with a start , a bounce , a stab

And Luke seemed to have recovered from the bitterness her innocent remark had triggered .
and luke seemed to have recovered from the bitterness her innocent remark had [sparked] .

The well-remembered texture of it triggered off vivid flashes of memory , so that past and present blurred together , confusing her still further .
the well-remembered texture of it [sparked] off vivid flashes of memory , so that past and present blurred together , confusing her still further .

She had allowed her emotions to run wild over common sense and , now that she was well and truly embroiled in an impossible situation , found that her every reaction was triggered by her heart rather than her head .
she had allowed her emotions to run wild over common sense and , now that she was well and truly embroiled in an impossible situation , found that her every reaction was [sparked] by her heart rather than her head .

Lord knew what that would have triggered off .
lord knew what that would have [sparked] off .

His action triggered such a massive response from the Carlist movement that Mola had to ask its leaders not to send any more volunteers for the time being , because the Pamplona garrison had run out of rations .
his action [sparked] such a massive response from the carlist movement that mola had to ask its leaders not to send any more volunteers for the time being , because the pamplona garrison had run out of rations .

Pro-Hekmatyar guerrillas demanded the departure from Kabul of forces led by the Uzbek Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostam ( whose defection had triggered the fall of the Najibullah regime — see p. 38847 ) .
pro-hekmatyar guerrillas demanded the departure from kabul of forces led by the uzbek gen. abdul rashid dostam ( whose defection had [sparked] the fall of the najibullah regime — see p. 38847 ) .

For the first time since August 1991 there were attempts at mass emigration , triggered by rumours that Italy had made preparations to receive refugees .
for the first time since august 1991 there were attempts at mass emigration , [sparked] by rumours that italy had made preparations to receive refugees .

It subsequently emerged that he had been assassinated by a young Tamil woman who triggered explosives strapped to her back while presenting him with a bouquet .
it subsequently emerged that he had been assassinated by a young tamil woman who [sparked] explosives strapped to her back while presenting him with a bouquet .

Sica met with police chiefs and magistrates to discuss the clan warfare among members of the local `` ndragheta — the Calabrian version of the Mafia — which was reported to have been triggered by the police break-up of drug , kidnapping and money-laundering rackets .
sica met with police chiefs and magistrates to discuss the clan warfare among members of the local `` ndragheta — the calabrian version of the mafia — which was reported to have been [sparked] by the police break-up of drug , kidnapping and money-laundering rackets .

Hata acknowledged that the country 's financial system was facing its most difficult period since 1945 , and that the sharp decline in share and property prices combined with the general economic slowdown had triggered doubts concerning the financial system 's stability and capacity to supply capital which , unless eradicated , could jeopardize any potential recovery .
hata acknowledged that the country 's financial system was facing its most difficult period since 1945 , and that the sharp decline in share and property prices combined with the general economic slowdown had [sparked] doubts concerning the financial system 's stability and capacity to supply capital which , unless eradicated , could jeopardize any potential recovery .

Many analysts recalled that the 1964 military coup had been triggered off by , among other things , similar accusations of congressional abuse and corruption .
many analysts recalled that the 1964 military coup had been [sparked] off by , among other things , similar accusations of congressional abuse and corruption .

Reports on Aug. 2 said that hundreds of people were killed after an explosion at an arms depot in Kabul thought to have been triggered by rockets fired by mujaheddin .
reports on aug. 2 said that hundreds of people were killed after an explosion at an arms depot in kabul thought to have been [sparked] by rockets fired by mujaheddin .

Subodh Kant Sahay , Minister of State for Home Affairs , in a statement on Jan. 2 to the Indian parliament announced that 890 people had been killed and nearly 4,000 injured in 15 weeks of Hindu-Moslem riots triggered by Hindu agitation around the disputed sacred site where a mosque currently stood in Ayodhya , Uttar Pradesh .
subodh kant sahay , minister of state for home affairs , in a statement on jan. 2 to the indian parliament announced that 890 people had been killed and nearly 4,000 injured in 15 weeks of hindu-moslem riots [sparked] by hindu agitation around the disputed sacred site where a mosque currently stood in ayodhya , uttar pradesh .

In August 1990 the sanctions imposed on Iraq as a result of the Gulf crisis triggered a major debt crisis at Goodman International , the Irish conglomerate controlled by Larry Goodman which was Europe 's largest meat processing concern , accounting for around 40 per cent of Ireland 's cattle processing industry .
in august 1990 the sanctions imposed on iraq as a result of the gulf crisis [sparked] a major debt crisis at goodman international , the irish conglomerate controlled by larry goodman which was europe 's largest meat processing concern , accounting for around 40 per cent of ireland 's cattle processing industry .

The most serious eruptions , on June 12-15 , scattered rock and ash over a 100-km radius and triggered a series of earth tremors ( lasting until June 18 ) of up to 5.34 on the Richter scale .
the most serious eruptions , on june 12-15 , scattered rock and ash over a 100-km radius and [sparked] a series of earth tremors ( lasting until june 18 ) of up to 5.34 on the richter scale .

The commission , originally set up to investigate the violent suppression of the demonstration on Nov. 17 , 1989 , which triggered the revolution [ for its report see p. 37737 ] , had examined files on elected deputies in both the federal and the two republican parliaments .
the commission , originally set up to investigate the violent suppression of the demonstration on nov. 17 , 1989 , which [sparked] the revolution [ for its report see p. 37737 ] , had examined files on elected deputies in both the federal and the two republican parliaments .

On Oct. 1 it was reported that the Chadian authorities suspected Chadian refugees in Niger of having triggered the recent disturbances in the northern Tibesti region [ see p. 38427 ] .
on oct. 1 it was reported that the chadian authorities suspected chadian refugees in niger of having [sparked] the recent disturbances in the northern tibesti region [ see p. 38427 ] .

According to Le Monde of Oct. 22 widespread famine had triggered violent protests in a number of northern districts where , the report claimed , up to 5,000 people had died from water-borne diseases in the last two months .
according to le monde of oct. 22 widespread famine had [sparked] violent protests in a number of northern districts where , the report claimed , up to 5,000 people had died from water-borne diseases in the last two months .

Fierce protest in the town of Batna , 300 km south-east of Algiers , was triggered on Feb. 4 when a local imam was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment for public order offences .
fierce protest in the town of batna , 300 km south-east of algiers , was [sparked] on feb. 4 when a local imam was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment for public order offences .

Tidal waves up to 15 metres high , triggered by an earthquake beneath the Pacific Ocean , crashed along 227 km of Nicaragua 's low-lying Pacific coast on Sept. 1 , killing more than 200 people , many of them children .
tidal waves up to 15 metres high , [sparked] by an earthquake beneath the pacific ocean , crashed along 227 km of nicaragua 's low-lying pacific coast on sept. 1 , killing more than 200 people , many of them children .

Classified by Japanese officials as `` reactor grade `` not `` weapons grade `` , the shipments had nevertheless triggered concern among critics of nuclear proliferation who warned that some countries had fabricated crude nuclear devices from plutonium of the kind Japan was shipping .
classified by japanese officials as `` reactor grade `` not `` weapons grade `` , the shipments had nevertheless [sparked] concern among critics of nuclear proliferation who warned that some countries had fabricated crude nuclear devices from plutonium of the kind japan was shipping .

The crisis was triggered on Nov. 1 by the resignation of Sir Geoffrey Howe , Deputy Prime Minister , Lord President of the Council and Leader of the House of Commons since July 1989 [ see p. 36819 ] and the only remaining member of Thatcher 's original 1979 Cabinet apart from the Prime Minister herself .
the crisis was [sparked] on nov. 1 by the resignation of sir geoffrey howe , deputy prime minister , lord president of the council and leader of the house of commons since july 1989 [ see p. 36819 ] and the only remaining member of thatcher 's original 1979 cabinet apart from the prime minister herself .

The demolition of the mosque at Ayodhya triggered angry reactions across the Moslem world and led to the deaths of an estimated 25 people in neighbouring Moslem states .
the demolition of the mosque at ayodhya [sparked] angry reactions across the moslem world and led to the deaths of an estimated 25 people in neighbouring moslem states .

However , his death triggered fresh demonstrations .
however , his death [sparked] fresh demonstrations .

This is another aspect of demographic change which has attracted considerable attention and triggered alarmist projections about the burdens and costs of care .
this is another aspect of demographic change which has attracted considerable attention and [sparked] alarmist projections about the burdens and costs of care .

The to infinitive after and then , on the other hand , creates the impression of a delayed reaction ; it suggests that it took a moment 's reflection for the person to realize the import of what he had seen , this realization being what triggered his sudden cry .
the to infinitive after and then , on the other hand , creates the impression of a delayed reaction ; it suggests that it took a moment 's reflection for the person to realize the import of what he had seen , this realization being what [sparked] his sudden cry .

Once perception has triggered emotion then emotion leads perception .
once perception has [sparked] emotion then emotion leads perception .

As already mentioned , activation of neurohumoral vasoactive factors is triggered by the extreme vasodilation frequently seen in these patients .
as already mentioned , activation of neurohumoral vasoactive factors is [sparked] by the extreme vasodilation frequently seen in these patients .

The growth of an organism is seen as a series of gradual changes triggered by , and in turn triggering , sudden jumps in the biochemistry .
the growth of an organism is seen as a series of gradual changes [sparked] by , and in turn triggering , sudden jumps in the biochemistry .

In retrospect , the events of that afternoon seem trivial , but the combination of stone-throwing rioters and Paisleyites abusing the dignatories of the Irish Presbyterian Church and the Governor of Northern Ireland and his wife triggered a considerable wave of anti-Paisley feeling .
in retrospect , the events of that afternoon seem trivial , but the combination of stone-throwing rioters and paisleyites abusing the dignatories of the irish presbyterian church and the governor of northern ireland and his wife [sparked] a considerable wave of anti-paisley feeling .

Just to make sure that the change in colour of the saddlecloth was what had triggered Jasmine 's fear , the blue one was tried again a few days later ; but once again Jasmine was afraid .
just to make sure that the change in colour of the saddlecloth was what had [sparked] jasmine 's fear , the blue one was tried again a few days later ; but once again jasmine was afraid .

Bad habits in horses are often triggered by association with something else or by expectation .
bad habits in horses are often [sparked] by association with something else or by expectation .

Grief will find an expression at some time , and if it is not allowed at the time it occurs , then it will be much more difficult to deal with when it is triggered by an event in later life .
grief will find an expression at some time , and if it is not allowed at the time it occurs , then it will be much more difficult to deal with when it is [sparked] by an event in later life .

The events that triggered our dieter into breaking the diet were :
the events that [sparked] our dieter into breaking the diet were :

The world 's economic downturn has triggered a rash of defaults in commercial paper and long-term debt , particularly by unrated issuers .
the world 's economic downturn has [sparked] a rash of defaults in commercial paper and long-term debt , particularly by unrated issuers .

This happened to many punters who shorted bank stocks last year just as the Federal Reserve eased interest rates and so triggered a sharp rally in bank share prices .
this happened to many punters who shorted bank stocks last year just as the federal reserve eased interest rates and so [sparked] a sharp rally in bank share prices .

Chart 15 , from Karen Wruck at the Harvard Business School , shows part of the answer why : in a highly leveraged firm , default is triggered by the inability to meet payments to claimants accounting for a much larger proportion of the firm 's value than in a firm with more equity ; and the loss to creditors of failing to agree on new terms is thus potentially bigger .
chart 15 , from karen wruck at the harvard business school , shows part of the answer why : in a highly leveraged firm , default is [sparked] by the inability to meet payments to claimants accounting for a much larger proportion of the firm 's value than in a firm with more equity ; and the loss to creditors of failing to agree on new terms is thus potentially bigger .

Clawbacks will be triggered if the public applies for more than 1.75 times the near-24 per cent of the issue provisionally reserved for small buyers .
clawbacks will be [sparked] if the public applies for more than 1.75 times the near-24 per cent of the issue provisionally reserved for small buyers .

The letter triggered a flood of wartime memories .
the letter [sparked] a flood of wartime memories .

The problem is any interest rate rise , particularly one which triggered a rise in mortgage rates , would be an outrage for business at this point in the cycle and would deal a blow to consumer confidence .
the problem is any interest rate rise , particularly one which [sparked] a rise in mortgage rates , would be an outrage for business at this point in the cycle and would deal a blow to consumer confidence .

Once equilibrium is restored — as soon as the pile of water is distributed , and El Niño has run its course — the discrepancy in salinity between the two areas of the ocean starts to build up again ; until , after four or five years , another El Niño is triggered .
once equilibrium is restored — as soon as the pile of water is distributed , and el niño has run its course — the discrepancy in salinity between the two areas of the ocean starts to build up again ; until , after four or five years , another el niño is [sparked] .

‘ The action of a private member has triggered the Government into action , ’ commented Joyce D'Silva of Compassion in World Farming .
‘ the action of a private member has [sparked] the government into action , ’ commented joyce d'silva of compassion in world farming .

Within one minute of being triggered , the alarm summons about 50 staff to the problem spot .
within one minute of being [sparked] , the alarm summons about 50 staff to the problem spot .

The most frustrating aspect of this preparatory phase is the waiting period before the attack is triggered .
the most frustrating aspect of this preparatory phase is the waiting period before the attack is [sparked] .

The length of the queues in Windhoek and Katutura , two of the most densely populated urban areas in Namibia , triggered conjecture that the poll might have to be extended an extra day .
the length of the queues in windhoek and katutura , two of the most densely populated urban areas in namibia , [sparked] conjecture that the poll might have to be extended an extra day .

The dispute was triggered by Hong Kong 's decision to allow a top Chinese swimmer , Yang Yang , who had sought political asylum , to travel to the United States .
the dispute was [sparked] by hong kong 's decision to allow a top chinese swimmer , yang yang , who had sought political asylum , to travel to the united states .

Neural activity , triggered by a thousand scattered occasions , temporally and spatially dispersed , has nothing within itself to create the basis of these fundamental unities of consciousness .
neural activity , [sparked] by a thousand scattered occasions , temporally and spatially dispersed , has nothing within itself to create the basis of these fundamental unities of consciousness .

You can buy an inexpensive ‘ night light ’ which is either electronically triggered to come on as darkness falls or is battery-operated with a timer switch .
you can buy an inexpensive ‘ night light ’ which is either electronically [sparked] to come on as darkness falls or is battery-operated with a timer switch .

Cold sores are triggered off by an increase in body temperature such as when sunbathing or skiing .
cold sores are [sparked] off by an increase in body temperature such as when sunbathing or skiing .

So , the stereotyped growth cycle provides a clock , or calendar , by means of which embryological events may be triggered .
so , the stereotyped growth cycle provides a clock , or calendar , by means of which embryological events may be [sparked] .

Probably the arrival of the fresh hazard had triggered it off .
probably the arrival of the fresh hazard had [sparked] it off .

The disease , however , may be triggered in moles containing unusually high concentrations of melanin .
the disease , however , may be [sparked] in moles containing unusually high concentrations of melanin .

The first , Aidsout.Com , can be used before the damage routine has been triggered .
the first , aidsout.com , can be used before the damage routine has been [sparked] .

It was only high in the European Alps , on the 7992ft Furka Pass , to the accompaniment of a frenzy of wheelspin , turbo lag , understeer and a violently pulsating brake pedal triggered by an anti-lock device working overtime , that the American challenge began to fade .
it was only high in the european alps , on the 7992ft furka pass , to the accompaniment of a frenzy of wheelspin , turbo lag , understeer and a violently pulsating brake pedal [sparked] by an anti-lock device working overtime , that the american challenge began to fade .

The sight triggered deeply his apocalyptic imagination .
the sight [sparked] deeply his apocalyptic imagination .

Bombay : An official denial of moves to end price controls on steel triggered nervous long liquidation across the board .
bombay : an official denial of moves to end price controls on steel [sparked] nervous long liquidation across the board .

The oil price and supply uncertainties of the 1970s and more recently in 1991 triggered awareness of the problems of depending on imported energy supplies .
the oil price and supply uncertainties of the 1970s and more recently in 1991 [sparked] awareness of the problems of depending on imported energy supplies .

On 2nd June 1914 , The Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife , were assassinated by a Bosnian Serb and that triggered a series of events that led to the outbreak of war on 4th , August 1914 — the war that became known as The Great War .
on 2nd june 1914 , the archduke franz ferdinand and his wife , were assassinated by a bosnian serb and that [sparked] a series of events that led to the outbreak of war on 4th , august 1914 — the war that became known as the great war .

Police said they did not know why the gun had gone off , but believed it might have been triggered by the wind .
police said they did not know why the gun had gone off , but believed it might have been [sparked] by the wind .

Although the Yom Kippur War triggered the first oil price shock , this was not the cause .
although the yom kippur war [sparked] the first oil price shock , this was not the cause .

The fall in London , most of which took place in the afternoon , was triggered by a combination of factors .
the fall in london , most of which took place in the afternoon , was [sparked] by a combination of factors .

But after the assassination of the presidential candidate , Luis Carlos Galan , which triggered Mr Barco 's clampdown , Morena was banned .
but after the assassination of the presidential candidate , luis carlos galan , which [sparked] mr barco 's clampdown , morena was banned .

The years of abundance in America began in 1950 with the defence expenditure triggered off by the Korean War , and the boom continued with only a hiccup or two of recession in 1954 and 1958 .
the years of abundance in america began in 1950 with the defence expenditure [sparked] off by the korean war , and the boom continued with only a hiccup or two of recession in 1954 and 1958 .

Another epidemic of fear which McCarthy triggered off was book-burning .
another epidemic of fear which mccarthy [sparked] off was book-burning .

The consensus is that although conditions at flowering were similar to those years which triggered the Moulin saga , a repeat with any particular variety this season is unlikely .
the consensus is that although conditions at flowering were similar to those years which [sparked] the moulin saga , a repeat with any particular variety this season is unlikely .

Nineteenth-century medicine debated ovulation and menstruation , its imagination captured by a view of conception wherein the female role was passive and automatic , rather than active and triggered by sexual pleasure .
nineteenth-century medicine debated ovulation and menstruation , its imagination captured by a view of conception wherein the female role was passive and automatic , rather than active and [sparked] by sexual pleasure .

The difficulty the women 's committees discovered , however , was that social programmes with no nationalist content failed to attract women , while nationalist programmes quickly triggered wasteful competitive conflicts between the four committee networks for ‘ control ’ of a locality .
the difficulty the women 's committees discovered , however , was that social programmes with no nationalist content failed to attract women , while nationalist programmes quickly [sparked] wasteful competitive conflicts between the four committee networks for ‘ control ’ of a locality .

It triggered an image of a diver shooting to the surface with a pinhead of breath , his arm like Excalibur .
it [sparked] an image of a diver shooting to the surface with a pinhead of breath , his arm like excalibur .

Hong Kong Land 's low gearing , and chairman Simon Keswick 's suggestion that he could snap up property at depressed prices , triggered hopes the company was interested in Canary Wharf .
hong kong land 's low gearing , and chairman simon keswick 's suggestion that he could snap up property at depressed prices , [sparked] hopes the company was interested in canary wharf .

But Wapnick became over-eager , and his impatience triggered the series of errors which brought his downfall .
but wapnick became over-eager , and his impatience [sparked] the series of errors which brought his downfall .

But since 1987 there has been added impetus to the development of the Taurus programme , triggered largely by the post-Big Bang boom in share dealing and the subsequent crash in 1987 .
but since 1987 there has been added impetus to the development of the taurus programme , [sparked] largely by the post-big bang boom in share dealing and the subsequent crash in 1987 .

Though Macao 's small population made it easier for Portugal to make a grand gesture , it triggered renewed bitterness in Hong Kong .
though macao 's small population made it easier for portugal to make a grand gesture , it [sparked] renewed bitterness in hong kong .

Even now , and though the events of June triggered a brief period of reappraisal , the British still seem besotted by their vision of China as a billion-strong market for their goods and services — and either unaware , or unimpressed , that their exports to Hong Kong itself are currently worth three times as much as those to its northern neighbour .
even now , and though the events of june [sparked] a brief period of reappraisal , the british still seem besotted by their vision of china as a billion-strong market for their goods and services — and either unaware , or unimpressed , that their exports to hong kong itself are currently worth three times as much as those to its northern neighbour .

If public applications reach 2.25million , a further clawback will be triggered to give individuals 50 per cent of the shares .
if public applications reach 2.25million , a further clawback will be [sparked] to give individuals 50 per cent of the shares .

The pressure of his foot on a wired pad under the stair-carpet has triggered the burglar alarm , which Raymond , amazingly , must have remembered to set after coming in at God knows what hour last night .
the pressure of his foot on a wired pad under the stair-carpet has [sparked] the burglar alarm , which raymond , amazingly , must have remembered to set after coming in at god knows what hour last night .

Peat wastes as a result of shrinkage , oxidation , and bacterial action , all triggered by the drying effect of drainage upon peat .
peat wastes as a result of shrinkage , oxidation , and bacterial action , all [sparked] by the drying effect of drainage upon peat .

Acidity and ochre formation , triggered by the lowering of the water-table , are not confined to traditional wetlands .
acidity and ochre formation , [sparked] by the lowering of the water-table , are not confined to traditional wetlands .

Some eruptions have become major historical events , since many of the world 's greatest natural disasters have been associated with volcanoes , either directly through the effects of explosions and suffocation by volcanic gases , or indirectly through the much further-reaching effects of tidal waves triggered off by an eruption , such as those resulting from the great eruption of Krakatoa in 1883 .
some eruptions have become major historical events , since many of the world 's greatest natural disasters have been associated with volcanoes , either directly through the effects of explosions and suffocation by volcanic gases , or indirectly through the much further-reaching effects of tidal waves [sparked] off by an eruption , such as those resulting from the great eruption of krakatoa in 1883 .

Great thicknesses of pumice and ash had piled up on the slopes of Vesuvius above Herculaneum , and this loose material very rapidly became saturated by torrential rainstorms which may have been triggered by the eruption cloud itself : the dust particles acting as nuclei on which water vapour could condense to form droplets .
great thicknesses of pumice and ash had piled up on the slopes of vesuvius above herculaneum , and this loose material very rapidly became saturated by torrential rainstorms which may have been [sparked] by the eruption cloud itself : the dust particles acting as nuclei on which water vapour could condense to form droplets .

The omission of Barbadian fast bowler Andy Cummins from the squad of 13 triggered such an angry response from the public that the largest attendance was 3,000 on the opening day , Easter Saturday , when a full house of 13,000 could be anticipated .
the omission of barbadian fast bowler andy cummins from the squad of 13 [sparked] such an angry response from the public that the largest attendance was 3,000 on the opening day , easter saturday , when a full house of 13,000 could be anticipated .

The rows may be triggered by a seemingly trivial incident , but it is not felt as trivial when it symbolizes past conflicts and needs .
the rows may be [sparked] by a seemingly trivial incident , but it is not felt as trivial when it symbolizes past conflicts and needs .

It was never clear exactly what in his wife 's behaviour had felt so rejecting and triggered off his attack on her , but the attack had occurred shortly after the birth of their first child .
it was never clear exactly what in his wife 's behaviour had felt so rejecting and [sparked] off his attack on her , but the attack had occurred shortly after the birth of their first child .

Certain forms of schizophrenia , for instance , can be triggered by food allergies to substances such as wheat gluten , caffeine , alcohol and chemical food additives .
certain forms of schizophrenia , for instance , can be [sparked] by food allergies to substances such as wheat gluten , caffeine , alcohol and chemical food additives .

Once you have become accustomed to the idea of conscious relaxation ( as in the previous exercise ) , you will eventually progress to the stage whereby the relaxation response is triggered by a simple action and/or silent prompt .
once you have become accustomed to the idea of conscious relaxation ( as in the previous exercise ) , you will eventually progress to the stage whereby the relaxation response is [sparked] by a simple action and/or silent prompt .

When Richard Walker shattered the carp record with a 44lb common carp from Redmire Pool in 1952 it triggered off the carp craze that dominates the big fish scene today .
when richard walker shattered the carp record with a 44lb common carp from redmire pool in 1952 it [sparked] off the carp craze that dominates the big fish scene today .

For example , the right to work would depend solely upon individual ability to do the job ; the renewal of an annual driving licence after the age of 70 would have to be replaced by measures which are not triggered simply by people reaching a certain age .
for example , the right to work would depend solely upon individual ability to do the job ; the renewal of an annual driving licence after the age of 70 would have to be replaced by measures which are not [sparked] simply by people reaching a certain age .

It needed a sterling crisis and two ministerial reshuffles , the first caused by Morrison 's demotion as economic overlord after the convertibility crisis of August 1947 , and the second triggered by Dalton 's resignation the following November , before the Cabinet machine adequately adapted itself , with the creation of the Economic Policy Committee , to tackle the fundamental problem confronting the Government .
it needed a sterling crisis and two ministerial reshuffles , the first caused by morrison 's demotion as economic overlord after the convertibility crisis of august 1947 , and the second [sparked] by dalton 's resignation the following november , before the cabinet machine adequately adapted itself , with the creation of the economic policy committee , to tackle the fundamental problem confronting the government .

This phase was characterised by a series of events , the more important of which included : cementation and replacement by anhydrite , which accompanied the dehydration of adjacent gypsum formations to anhydrite ; leaching and calcitisation of dolomite in response to decarboxylation of organic matter ( late leaching ) ; and cementation and replacement by halite , triggered by mobilisation of underlying salt deposits ( Fig .
this phase was characterised by a series of events , the more important of which included : cementation and replacement by anhydrite , which accompanied the dehydration of adjacent gypsum formations to anhydrite ; leaching and calcitisation of dolomite in response to decarboxylation of organic matter ( late leaching ) ; and cementation and replacement by halite , [sparked] by mobilisation of underlying salt deposits ( fig .

Your guilt is always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your guilt is always [sparked] by some external event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Your feelings of inadequacy are always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your feelings of inadequacy are always [sparked] by some external event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Your feelings of inhibition are always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your feelings of inhibition are always [sparked] by some external event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Your jealousy is always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your jealousy is always [sparked] by some external event or happening . typical examples might be when :

So whilst internal factors are an important part of the picture the external factor of change itself triggered ( ie caused ) the whole sequence of events .
so whilst internal factors are an important part of the picture the external factor of change itself [sparked] ( ie caused ) the whole sequence of events .

However , even if you draw a blank , it is always worth checking to see whether or not you can influence the external event that starts the sequence , so either while you are being hindered by an unproductive feeling or after an experience where you were hindered ask yourself : ‘ What external event has triggered this feeling ?
however , even if you draw a blank , it is always worth checking to see whether or not you can influence the external event that starts the sequence , so either while you are being hindered by an unproductive feeling or after an experience where you were hindered ask yourself : ‘ what external event has [sparked] this feeling ?

Your worry is always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your worry is always [sparked] by some external event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Anticipating this difficulty for their new employee , the oil company installed an incinerator loo which , at the press of a button , was triggered into fiery life as six flame-throwing nozzles squirting blazing diesel in all directions enveloping and consuming all that lay in its path .
anticipating this difficulty for their new employee , the oil company installed an incinerator loo which , at the press of a button , was [sparked] into fiery life as six flame-throwing nozzles squirting blazing diesel in all directions enveloping and consuming all that lay in its path .

She 'd tried to keep the newspaper story hidden from her because she did n't want to discuss it until she 'd had more time to get her thoughts in order … but of course mother had found it and started questioning compulsively about abortion , what exactly was the law on it now , how did you get one , where did you go , what did it cost , things she must have heard Dorothy and her friends discussing a hundred times but which the newspaper report had triggered into today 's obsession .
she 'd tried to keep the newspaper story hidden from her because she did n't want to discuss it until she 'd had more time to get her thoughts in order … but of course mother had found it and started questioning compulsively about abortion , what exactly was the law on it now , how did you get one , where did you go , what did it cost , things she must have heard dorothy and her friends discussing a hundred times but which the newspaper report had [sparked] into today 's obsession .

This observation leads the team to suggest that quasar activity may have been triggered by galaxy-galaxy interactions which have stimulated a flow of material onto the nucleus of the larger galaxy , possibly the site of a black hole ( Astronomical Journal , vols 7 , p 1621 ) .
this observation leads the team to suggest that quasar activity may have been [sparked] by galaxy-galaxy interactions which have stimulated a flow of material onto the nucleus of the larger galaxy , possibly the site of a black hole ( astronomical journal , vols 7 , p 1621 ) .

This evidence lends weight to the supposition that most quasars are the active nuclei of normal galaxies — not necessarily giant galaxies — and suggest that any hydrogen-rich system might be triggered into such activity .
this evidence lends weight to the supposition that most quasars are the active nuclei of normal galaxies — not necessarily giant galaxies — and suggest that any hydrogen-rich system might be [sparked] into such activity .

Perhaps it was the clash of Third World beach and Dallas skyscraper which triggered my uncharitable scepticism about his extraordinary Utopianism .
perhaps it was the clash of third world beach and dallas skyscraper which [sparked] my uncharitable scepticism about his extraordinary utopianism .

Their meeting with Dr Clifford Dobell , an authority on intestinal amoebae and later author of Anton van Leeuwenhoek and his Little Animals ( 1932 ) , was particularly fruitful in one respect , because it triggered off a discussion afterwards about honesty and bribery in science .
their meeting with dr clifford dobell , an authority on intestinal amoebae and later author of anton van leeuwenhoek and his little animals ( 1932 ) , was particularly fruitful in one respect , because it [sparked] off a discussion afterwards about honesty and bribery in science .

In other words , these are ritualised displays triggered off by the stimulus of ‘ predator-near-nest ’ .
in other words , these are ritualised displays [sparked] off by the stimulus of ‘ predator-near-nest ’ .

They work when they are triggered by numerous reflexes situated throughout the body .
they work when they are [sparked] by numerous reflexes situated throughout the body .

If the body is used in an uncoordinated fashion some of the reflexes are not triggered and , therefore , do not activate the postural muscles .
if the body is used in an uncoordinated fashion some of the reflexes are not [sparked] and , therefore , do not activate the postural muscles .

Whenever the body falls backwards a reflex in the neck ( the fear reflex ) is triggered : this causes the head to be pulled back onto the spine and the shoulders to be hunched .
whenever the body falls backwards a reflex in the neck ( the fear reflex ) is [sparked] : this causes the head to be pulled back onto the spine and the shoulders to be hunched .

‘ For the introduction of cameras triggered by cars running red lights at intersections ’
‘ for the introduction of cameras [sparked] by cars running red lights at intersections ’

Suddenly , Molly 's back arched and lifted his entire weight off the floor as she reached her climax The noises she made finally triggered Yanto who , with great effort , managed to withdraw at the last second .
suddenly , molly 's back arched and lifted his entire weight off the floor as she reached her climax the noises she made finally [sparked] yanto who , with great effort , managed to withdraw at the last second .

These cuts triggered protests among teachers and a brief strike in some urban centres .
these cuts [sparked] protests among teachers and a brief strike in some urban centres .

What a mucky dirty thing is a coal cellar , ’ was the reply , some awful memory triggered .
what a mucky dirty thing is a coal cellar , ’ was the reply , some awful memory [sparked] .

Further , many public agencies wanted land for future development proposals , but a lack of activity within inner-city land markets , and accusations of land hoarding by the public sector , triggered a response from the 1979 Conservative government .
further , many public agencies wanted land for future development proposals , but a lack of activity within inner-city land markets , and accusations of land hoarding by the public sector , [sparked] a response from the 1979 conservative government .

The tourist influx has triggered a building boom around the island and in the tiny capital of Gustavia , situated on a picture-postcard harbor .
the tourist influx has [sparked] a building boom around the island and in the tiny capital of gustavia , situated on a picture-postcard harbor .

Family rivalry triggered the overthrow of Jaume III by his cousin Pedro IV , who then seized the Balearics for Aragón .
family rivalry [sparked] the overthrow of jaume iii by his cousin pedro iv , who then seized the balearics for aragón .

Eager to capitalize , the country poured its soul into mass tourism , which triggered a rash of indiscriminate building on the southern and eastern coastlines , with scant regard for tradition or aesthetics .
eager to capitalize , the country poured its soul into mass tourism , which [sparked] a rash of indiscriminate building on the southern and eastern coastlines , with scant regard for tradition or aesthetics .

Gamal Nasser ’ s nationalization of the Suez Canal international waters triggered a combined Israeli-French and British attack on Egypt , and the start of the Sinai War .
gamal nasser ’ s nationalization of the suez canal international waters [sparked] a combined israeli-french and british attack on egypt , and the start of the sinai war .

The sudden concern over losing benefits was triggered by the recent mailing by Anthem , the Indianapolis-based insurer , of about $ 2 billion in checks , plus shares of stock worth a bit more than that , to 1 million eligible policyholders in four states .
the sudden concern over losing benefits was [sparked] by the recent mailing by anthem , the indianapolis-based insurer , of about $ 2 billion in checks , plus shares of stock worth a bit more than that , to 1 million eligible policyholders in four states .

For it being unclear who triggered activation , see WTC interview 6 ( May 25 , 2004 ) .
for it being unclear who [sparked] activation , see wtc interview 6 ( may 25 , 2004 ) .

Therefore , secondary screening of individuals and their carry-on bags to identify weapons ( other than bombs ) was nonexistent , except for passengers who triggered the metal detectors .
therefore , secondary screening of individuals and their carry-on bags to identify weapons ( other than bombs ) was nonexistent , except for passengers who [sparked] the metal detectors .

Khallad says he put the box cutter alongside tubes of toothpaste and shaving cream with metallic exteriors , so that if the metal detector at the airport was triggered , the inspector would attribute the alarm to the other items .
khallad says he put the box cutter alongside tubes of toothpaste and shaving cream with metallic exteriors , so that if the metal detector at the airport was [sparked] , the inspector would attribute the alarm to the other items .

Like the checkpoints in Boston , it lacked closed-circuit television surveillance so there is no documentary evidence to indicate when the hijackers passed through the checkpoint , what alarms may have been triggered , or what security procedures were administered .
like the checkpoints in boston , it lacked closed-circuit television surveillance so there is no documentary evidence to indicate when the hijackers passed through the checkpoint , what alarms may have been [sparked] , or what security procedures were administered .

Furthermore , in patients with type 1 diabetes ketonuria could be an early sign of impending DKA , which could be triggered by starvation .
furthermore , in patients with type 1 diabetes ketonuria could be an early sign of impending dka , which could be [sparked] by starvation .

Once triggered , an immune reaction to a cat may be hard—though not impossible—to reverse , but how or why a specific individual becomes sensitized is as yet far from clear .
once [sparked] , an immune reaction to a cat may be hard—though not impossible—to reverse , but how or why a specific individual becomes sensitized is as yet far from clear .

Most intriguing were cases in which silencing seemed to be triggered by DNA or RNA sequence interactions , which could occur between two separate transgenes that shared sequence homology or between a transgene and homologous plant gene .
most intriguing were cases in which silencing seemed to be [sparked] by dna or rna sequence interactions , which could occur between two separate transgenes that shared sequence homology or between a transgene and homologous plant gene .

Silencing and methylation were reversed when the transgene complexes segregated from each other in progeny , suggesting that interactions between the common promoter regions triggered silencing and methylation ( Matzke et al .
silencing and methylation were reversed when the transgene complexes segregated from each other in progeny , suggesting that interactions between the common promoter regions [sparked] silencing and methylation ( matzke et al .

To recap : by 1998—the year in which RNAi was reported—plant scientists had documented sequence-specific RNA degradation ( PTGS ) , sequence-specific DNA methylation that triggered TGS , and RNA-directed DNA methylation .
to recap : by 1998—the year in which rnai was reported—plant scientists had documented sequence-specific rna degradation ( ptgs ) , sequence-specific dna methylation that [sparked] tgs , and rna-directed dna methylation .

As expected , the discovery of this process triggered a quest for the “ systemic inducer ” of the process : a signal that travels through the plant and is able to initiate silencing in a remote location within the plant .
as expected , the discovery of this process [sparked] a quest for the “ systemic inducer ” of the process : a signal that travels through the plant and is able to initiate silencing in a remote location within the plant .

The Wall Street Journal cites the doubling of Sharper Image stock on Monday as a symbol of how investor excitement can be triggered by Internet angles -- the company says its web sales have tripled in the past year .
the wall street journal cites the doubling of sharper image stock on monday as a symbol of how investor excitement can be [sparked] by internet angles -- the company says its web sales have tripled in the past year .

Sell-offs can get triggered for one reason and continue for different reasons , they can reflect genuine changes in investors ' ideas about the future or simply panic , and so on .
sell-offs can get [sparked] for one reason and continue for different reasons , they can reflect genuine changes in investors ' ideas about the future or simply panic , and so on .

His attempt to annul them had triggered an uprising that increasingly threatens to force him from power .
his attempt to annul them had [sparked] an uprising that increasingly threatens to force him from power .

The bloodshed was triggered Tuesday , when the Israelis opened a tunnel entrance in Jerusalem 's Muslim quarter .
the bloodshed was [sparked] tuesday , when the israelis opened a tunnel entrance in jerusalem 's muslim quarter .

Natural erections are elicited by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is triggered by some desire , or thought , or external stimuli .
natural erections are elicited by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is [sparked] by some desire , or thought , or external stimuli .

That coyness led the White House to issue a budget that , by assuming the caps would be effective , showed the 10-year , $ 1 trillion general fund surplus that triggered the current orgy on Capitol Hill .
that coyness led the white house to issue a budget that , by assuming the caps would be effective , showed the 10-year , $ 1 trillion general fund surplus that [sparked] the current orgy on capitol hill .

The episode stands as yet another eerie precursor to George W. 's life : As a much-overlooked New York Times story noted last spring , W. became the GOP front-runner largely because many people who told pollsters they favored Bush were `` actually thinking of the father '' ; the confusion triggered a virtuous cycle of high poll numbers , improved fund-raising , and endorsements that has lifted W. above the pack .
the episode stands as yet another eerie precursor to george w. 's life : as a much-overlooked new york times story noted last spring , w. became the gop front-runner largely because many people who told pollsters they favored bush were `` actually thinking of the father '' ; the confusion [sparked] a virtuous cycle of high poll numbers , improved fund-raising , and endorsements that has lifted w. above the pack .

The blunder has cost the country £4bn [ $ 6.4 billion ] , claimed the lives of 43 people , and triggered fears that the death toll could eventually reach several million . ''
the blunder has cost the country £4bn [ $ 6.4 billion ] , claimed the lives of 43 people , and [sparked] fears that the death toll could eventually reach several million . ''

Inside , the WP reports that the controversy triggered by President Clinton 's decision continues to haunt candidate Clinton , who admittedly botched her reaction to the issue last week .
inside , the wp reports that the controversy [sparked] by president clinton 's decision continues to haunt candidate clinton , who admittedly botched her reaction to the issue last week .

The NYT fronts -- and the other papers stuff -- the `` indictment '' of deposed Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on charges of hijacking and kidnapping for his alleged refusal to let Gen. Pervez Musharraf 's plane land last month -- an event that triggered a military coup orchestrated by Musharraf .
the nyt fronts -- and the other papers stuff -- the `` indictment '' of deposed pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif on charges of hijacking and kidnapping for his alleged refusal to let gen. pervez musharraf 's plane land last month -- an event that [sparked] a military coup orchestrated by musharraf .

The poisoned water made the mainly Indonesian detainees vomit blood and `` triggered riots which were brutally suppressed , '' the Observer said. ``
the poisoned water made the mainly indonesian detainees vomit blood and `` [sparked] riots which were brutally suppressed , '' the observer said. ``

The Wall Street Journal `` Outlook '' observes , `` In the U.S. job market , the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers , '' and states that `` the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing , '' which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers , which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries .
the wall street journal `` outlook '' observes , `` in the u.s. job market , the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers , '' and states that `` the retention frenzy was [sparked] in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing , '' which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers , which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries .

Their impressive account is one of the best of a flood of new books about the Cold War , triggered by the end of the superpowers ' long struggle .
their impressive account is one of the best of a flood of new books about the cold war , [sparked] by the end of the superpowers ' long struggle .

Charles ' recent monograph The Caucasian Coefficient has triggered a fierce debate in academic circles .
charles ' recent monograph the caucasian coefficient has [sparked] a fierce debate in academic circles .

An article demystifies love ( just in time for Valentine 's Day ) , explaining that a chemical called oxytocin , triggered by breast-feeding , makes mothers love their kids and mates .
an article demystifies love ( just in time for valentine 's day ) , explaining that a chemical called oxytocin , [sparked] by breast-feeding , makes mothers love their kids and mates .

The lower level of the Guggenheim SoHo displays the tinkering side of Rauschenberg 's nature , the works he made in collaboration with engineers -- the star item there is unquestionably Mud Muse ( 1968-71 ) , a vat of bentonite ( an artificial clay ) that bubbles and gurgles and spits , like a pool of quicksand in a Tarzan movie , triggered by a sound-activated compressed-air system .
the lower level of the guggenheim soho displays the tinkering side of rauschenberg 's nature , the works he made in collaboration with engineers -- the star item there is unquestionably mud muse ( 1968-71 ) , a vat of bentonite ( an artificial clay ) that bubbles and gurgles and spits , like a pool of quicksand in a tarzan movie , [sparked] by a sound-activated compressed-air system .

This conduct has embarrassed the company 's supporters and triggered an avalanche of editorials calling Microsoft rich , ruthless , sneaky , petty , arrogant , and stubborn .
this conduct has embarrassed the company 's supporters and [sparked] an avalanche of editorials calling microsoft rich , ruthless , sneaky , petty , arrogant , and stubborn .

The mixture triggered a nuclear chain reaction at the plant .
the mixture [sparked] a nuclear chain reaction at the plant .

According to Sullivan , the success of new anti-HIV drugs has triggered the `` twilight of an epidemic '' -- for those who can afford the $ 10,000-plus-a-year regimens .
according to sullivan , the success of new anti-hiv drugs has [sparked] the `` twilight of an epidemic '' -- for those who can afford the $ 10,000-plus-a-year regimens .

This story , triggered by a GAO report out this week , is a cautionary reminder of the unintended consequences of Bill Clinton 's signing the Republican welfare bill .
this story , [sparked] by a gao report out this week , is a cautionary reminder of the unintended consequences of bill clinton 's signing the republican welfare bill .

Having successfully and rather strenuously dodged prosecution himself , Nixon had volunteered to walk into a courtroom and testify to help someone he believed had triggered his own downfall .
having successfully and rather strenuously dodged prosecution himself , nixon had volunteered to walk into a courtroom and testify to help someone he believed had [sparked] his own downfall .

In 1968 , with uprisings sweeping the globe , student protests triggered a wave of demands for greater Kosovar autonomy .
in 1968 , with uprisings sweeping the globe , student protests [sparked] a wave of demands for greater kosovar autonomy .

The case has triggered protests in New York , passionate defenses of law enforcement from Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and other supporters , and a national debate over police tactics in black and Hispanic neighborhoods .
the case has [sparked] protests in new york , passionate defenses of law enforcement from mayor rudolph giuliani and other supporters , and a national debate over police tactics in black and hispanic neighborhoods .

A logical corollary is that inflation can not be `` triggered '' by increasing wages , farm prices , or health care costs .
a logical corollary is that inflation can not be `` [sparked] '' by increasing wages , farm prices , or health care costs .

More common are infections triggered by stuffy noses .
more common are infections [sparked] by stuffy noses .

SEC Commissioner Arthur Levitt Jr. has said that the circuit breakers should be reformed so that they are triggered by a drop in percentages , not points .
sec commissioner arthur levitt jr. has said that the circuit breakers should be reformed so that they are [sparked] by a drop in percentages , not points .

The system , instituted under Margaret Thatcher in the mid-80s , incurred higher than expected administrative costs , and triggered a breakdown in consumer protection as people invested in a smorgasbord of incompetent companies .
the system , instituted under margaret thatcher in the mid-80s , incurred higher than expected administrative costs , and [sparked] a breakdown in consumer protection as people invested in a smorgasbord of incompetent companies .

It has triggered an old memory from my high-school days ( almost 70 years ago ) when a teacher cited , as presumably authentic , the story of a visitor to a little western town who noticed a shingle reading A. Swindler , Attorney-at-Law .
it has [sparked] an old memory from my high-school days ( almost 70 years ago ) when a teacher cited , as presumably authentic , the story of a visitor to a little western town who noticed a shingle reading a. swindler , attorney-at-law .

Since this English word has no association with guns , it is not possible that English gun triggered ( as some have suggested ) an irregular sound change , resulting in an English vowel which the Yiddish one would not otherwise have yielded .
since this english word has no association with guns , it is not possible that english gun [sparked] ( as some have suggested ) an irregular sound change , resulting in an english vowel which the yiddish one would not otherwise have yielded .

