but then again there , but you , you fire off the blank , that 's what triggers the laser sometimes if there 's been a lot of , we did , we did it in a couple of time see the old laser go , cor , its got very think red beam , its not like you see these big flashing great big bits of light like on Star Wars and stuff , well its not , its not suppose to hurt you its a very thin piercing beam , its well impressive .
but then again there , but you , you fire off the blank , that 's what [sparks] the laser sometimes if there 's been a lot of , we did , we did it in a couple of time see the old laser go , cor , its got very think red beam , its not like you see these big flashing great big bits of light like on star wars and stuff , well its not , its not suppose to hurt you its a very thin piercing beam , its well impressive .

It 's what triggers it and what causes it to keep triggering and moving that and
it 's what [sparks] it and what causes it to keep triggering and moving that and

Then it triggers over into another one does n't it ?
then it [sparks] over into another one does n't it ?

Tax plan triggers oil fields warning
tax plan [sparks] oil fields warning

Ravages of recession triggers identity crisis
ravages of recession [sparks] identity crisis

Pigeon rifleman triggers scare
pigeon rifleman [sparks] scare

Forgotten all about that just sort of it triggers
forgotten all about that just sort of it [sparks]

For Francesca , who 's almost 3 , suffers from a brain disorder which triggers off convulsive fits .
for francesca , who 's almost 3 , suffers from a brain disorder which [sparks] off convulsive fits .

If the adults are reluctant to spawn , however , an increase ' in water temperature sometimes triggers them off .
if the adults are reluctant to spawn , however , an increase ' in water temperature sometimes [sparks] them off .

An ordinary push-button switch triggers the monostable whose output goes from Logic 0 to 1 .
an ordinary push-button switch [sparks] the monostable whose output goes from logic 0 to 1 .

The fact that one of the Bill 's triggers was the Channel 4 Screening of Derek Jarman 's Sebastiane gives us some indication of the possible threats to homosexual images on television .
the fact that one of the bill 's [sparks] was the channel 4 screening of derek jarman 's sebastiane gives us some indication of the possible threats to homosexual images on television .

Yes , it is against all the rules for two Picasso Triggers to share a tank .
yes , it is against all the rules for two picasso [sparks] to share a tank .

Therefore , as long as the vehicle is in motion , the mercury switch repeatedly triggers the monostable which prevents the timer running for one minute .
therefore , as long as the vehicle is in motion , the mercury switch repeatedly [sparks] the monostable which prevents the timer running for one minute .

Too small to fire ( they are only 4 inches long ) , the Dolls ' House guns break and load and are typical Purdeys , with two triggers and a top lever .
too small to fire ( they are only 4 inches long ) , the dolls ' house guns break and load and are typical purdeys , with two [sparks] and a top lever .

But there were other sinister unseen fingers on the triggers that left 28 marchers dead and 200 wounded .
but there were other sinister unseen fingers on the [sparks] that left 28 marchers dead and 200 wounded .

Restructuring plan triggers strike at Ford
restructuring plan [sparks] strike at ford

The allergens produced by House Dust Mites have been proven to be dangerous ‘ triggers ’ especially for Asthma attacks and allergic Rhinitis ( nasal congestion without a ‘ cold ’ ) and even in cases of Eczema .
the allergens produced by house dust mites have been proven to be dangerous ‘ [sparks] ’ especially for asthma attacks and allergic rhinitis ( nasal congestion without a ‘ cold ’ ) and even in cases of eczema .

Perfumed soaps , bath foams or oils , talc and vaginal deodorants can all act as irritants to the delicate skin around the vagina and urethra , because of allergy or sensitivity , and act as triggers .
perfumed soaps , bath foams or oils , talc and vaginal deodorants can all act as irritants to the delicate skin around the vagina and urethra , because of allergy or sensitivity , and act as [sparks] .

Keeping a written record or binge diary ( see case studies ) of what triggers binge-eating can help women disentangle the factors which maintain their eating problems , such as guilt , anger or sadness .
keeping a written record or binge diary ( see case studies ) of what [sparks] binge-eating can help women disentangle the factors which maintain their eating problems , such as guilt , anger or sadness .

Bingeing triggers behaviours which attempt to ‘ make good ’ the binge , such as vomiting and/or laxative abuse , followed by periods of food deprivation .
bingeing [sparks] behaviours which attempt to ‘ make good ’ the binge , such as vomiting and/or laxative abuse , followed by periods of food deprivation .

We nearly all have these triggers .
we nearly all have these [sparks] .

He ran across the road and heard the French shout as they saw him , but by the time they had pulled their triggers , he was already in the shelter of the tall trees .
he ran across the road and heard the french shout as they saw him , but by the time they had pulled their [sparks] , he was already in the shelter of the tall trees .

The first step in helping parents cope with tantrums is to encourage them to identify the triggers for the behaviour .
the first step in helping parents cope with tantrums is to encourage them to identify the [sparks] for the behaviour .

It takes time , patience and resilience to work through losses ; sometimes a further loss triggers off grief for an insufficiently mourned event .
it takes time , patience and resilience to work through losses ; sometimes a further loss [sparks] off grief for an insufficiently mourned event .

As the triggers that motivate us may change according to circumstance , the ability to listen to your inner voice and let it direct you is a useful one .
as the [sparks] that motivate us may change according to circumstance , the ability to listen to your inner voice and let it direct you is a useful one .

Here 's one method of identifying persuasion ‘ triggers ’ ( there are lots of others ) . Ask yourself :
here 's one method of identifying persuasion ‘ [sparks] ’ ( there are lots of others ) . ask yourself :

This self-programming goes on continuously with an implicit acknowledgment of the need for triggers and the relative advantages of various kinds of stores and stored materials .
this self-programming goes on continuously with an implicit acknowledgment of the need for [sparks] and the relative advantages of various kinds of stores and stored materials .

In studying an elaborate sequence of events within a task the designer will systematically consider the need for appropriate triggers for the memory at specific points in the task .
in studying an elaborate sequence of events within a task the designer will systematically consider the need for appropriate [sparks] for the memory at specific points in the task .

The tool can only be turned on by pushing a lock-off switch on the rear handle with the thumb , whilst depressing the two triggers on the front and rear handles .
the tool can only be turned on by pushing a lock-off switch on the rear handle with the thumb , whilst depressing the two [sparks] on the front and rear handles .

The smell triggers your memory first .
the smell [sparks] your memory first .

The fifth pattern is that of a web movement when the decision of one person triggers other people with whom he is in contact .
the fifth pattern is that of a web movement when the decision of one person [sparks] other people with whom he is in contact .

It may be grooming which triggers an outburst of this type .
it may be grooming which [sparks] an outburst of this type .

In summary , the detailed empirical work outlined above has enabled another general law to be formulated , the principle of circular and cumulative causation , in which the key factors are : an initial reduction in farm employment ; which is followed by a deterioration in the age structure ; which is in turn followed by a reduced rate of natural increase which then leads to a reduced population which in turn leads to reduced demands for rural services and thus a reduced demand for rural employment which then triggers another circular decline ( Hodge and Whitby , 1981 ) .
in summary , the detailed empirical work outlined above has enabled another general law to be formulated , the principle of circular and cumulative causation , in which the key factors are : an initial reduction in farm employment ; which is followed by a deterioration in the age structure ; which is in turn followed by a reduced rate of natural increase which then leads to a reduced population which in turn leads to reduced demands for rural services and thus a reduced demand for rural employment which then [sparks] another circular decline ( hodge and whitby , 1981 ) .

For many of these , the information fed into the eye triggers automatic reactions .
for many of these , the information fed into the eye [sparks] automatic reactions .

The single cue of day length triggers the breeding of a host of other animals .
the single cue of day length [sparks] the breeding of a host of other animals .

Once the hidden voices and key issues are uncovered , Freire proposes creating discussion objects called ‘ codes ’ ( from the Portuguese codificacao ) or ‘ triggers ’ because their purpose is to trigger dialogue .
once the hidden voices and key issues are uncovered , freire proposes creating discussion objects called ‘ codes ’ ( from the portuguese codificacao ) or ‘ [sparks] ’ because their purpose is to trigger dialogue .

Although this trigger , like other triggers , presents open-ended problematic situations , critical thinking does not occur spontaneously .
although this trigger , like other [sparks] , presents open-ended problematic situations , critical thinking does not occur spontaneously .

The educational problem-posing approach with triggers and dialogue helps people move beyond barriers to learning and involves them in a group process to change their lives as learners and as emerging teachers in their communities .
the educational problem-posing approach with [sparks] and dialogue helps people move beyond barriers to learning and involves them in a group process to change their lives as learners and as emerging teachers in their communities .

This leaves open the possibility that the act of recruiting Sos to the plasma membrane triggers Ras activation by generating an increased local Sos concentration .
this leaves open the possibility that the act of recruiting sos to the plasma membrane [sparks] ras activation by generating an increased local sos concentration .

In fact , social and economic circumstances such as poverty , poor housing or unemployment are highly associated with onset of some forms of mental illness , and serve to act as triggers precipitating episodes of depression , anxiety and , in some cases psychotic illnesses .
in fact , social and economic circumstances such as poverty , poor housing or unemployment are highly associated with onset of some forms of mental illness , and serve to act as [sparks] precipitating episodes of depression , anxiety and , in some cases psychotic illnesses .

Conditions considered as triggers for events , such as infections , anaemia , and biochemical disturbances , were excluded or treated .
conditions considered as [sparks] for events , such as infections , anaemia , and biochemical disturbances , were excluded or treated .

We do n't know just what triggers them off .
we do n't know just what [sparks] them off .

The second reason is that an appeal triggers a reconsideration of the case by an adjudication officer , who may revise the decision in the claimant 's favour forthwith .
the second reason is that an appeal [sparks] a reconsideration of the case by an adjudication officer , who may revise the decision in the claimant 's favour forthwith .

Research work continues on various tryptophan.based products to see if there are such specific triggers .
research work continues on various tryptophan.based products to see if there are such specific [sparks] .

DeVore moved back , letting the scientist past , his mind reeling with an almost aesthetic delight at the beauty of the thing . ‘ Moreover , the very thing that triggers this evolutionary pattern is that which is normally guaranteed to defend the body against disease — the immunisation programme ! ’
devore moved back , letting the scientist past , his mind reeling with an almost aesthetic delight at the beauty of the thing . ‘ moreover , the very thing that [sparks] this evolutionary pattern is that which is normally guaranteed to defend the body against disease — the immunisation programme ! ’

On the one hand , his invasiveness of Johnson triggers an immediate cringe : on the other , were not Boswell so crass so frequently , his readers could not get so close to Johnson .
on the one hand , his invasiveness of johnson [sparks] an immediate cringe : on the other , were not boswell so crass so frequently , his readers could not get so close to johnson .

‘ Like the signal that triggers insulin production ? ’
‘ like the signal that [sparks] insulin production ? ’

Mawkish videos are legitimate triggers for a show of feeling .
mawkish videos are legitimate [sparks] for a show of feeling .

As we approach the van door , the photocell triggers and the orange bulbs light up the cross on the roof .
as we approach the van door , the photocell [sparks] and the orange bulbs light up the cross on the roof .

( b ) when the offeror triggers a Rule 9 obligation ( mandatory offer ) . The announcement must not be delayed while full information is obtained ; a supplementary announcement can be issued later if necessary ;
( b ) when the offeror [sparks] a rule 9 obligation ( mandatory offer ) . the announcement must not be delayed while full information is obtained ; a supplementary announcement can be issued later if necessary ;

In contrast , the maturation of these larvae coincides with the return of environmental conditions suitable to their free-living development , although it is not clear what triggers the signal to mature and how it is transmitted .
in contrast , the maturation of these larvae coincides with the return of environmental conditions suitable to their free-living development , although it is not clear what [sparks] the signal to mature and how it is transmitted .

7.4.4 Practical completion " triggers "
7.4.4 practical completion " [sparks] "

14.11.3 " Triggers "
14.11.3 " [sparks] "

These criteria should exempt from liability an expert who issues a certificate under one contract which triggers events in another contract : for an example , see 7.4.4 .
these criteria should exempt from liability an expert who issues a certificate under one contract which [sparks] events in another contract : for an example , see 7.4.4 .

Australian soil scientists claim that draining wetlands in the Pacific region triggers the release of lethal quantities of sulphuric acid and aluminium hydroxide into coastal rivers and estuaries , threatening fish and other marine life .
australian soil scientists claim that draining wetlands in the pacific region [sparks] the release of lethal quantities of sulphuric acid and aluminium hydroxide into coastal rivers and estuaries , threatening fish and other marine life .

Malaysian court ruling triggers Japanese debate
malaysian court ruling [sparks] japanese debate

Cold triggers ozone loss
cold [sparks] ozone loss

Shortly before this stage — around the tenth year but with a wide variability — the hypothalamus , a small area at the base of the brain , somehow `` triggers `` a small gland just below it ( the pituitary gland ) into producing two hormones which it has not previously produced .
shortly before this stage — around the tenth year but with a wide variability — the hypothalamus , a small area at the base of the brain , somehow `` [sparks] `` a small gland just below it ( the pituitary gland ) into producing two hormones which it has not previously produced .

Its own activity is partly controlled by the hormones which it triggers the gonads into producing .
its own activity is partly controlled by the hormones which it [sparks] the gonads into producing .

( 6 ) Hypothalamus , at base of brain , initially triggers pituitary gland into production of sexually influential hormones .
( 6 ) hypothalamus , at base of brain , initially [sparks] pituitary gland into production of sexually influential hormones .

If this emission takes place it triggers the breaking of a vial of poison gas which instantaneously kills the cat .
if this emission takes place it [sparks] the breaking of a vial of poison gas which instantaneously kills the cat .

So she 's written the first syllable as she feels it sounds ( coff- ) and that triggers the -ee .
so she 's written the first syllable as she feels it sounds ( coff- ) and that [sparks] the -ee .

It starts when tiny food particles cling to your teeth and are surrounded by bacteria — this triggers the chemical process , which dissolves the tooth crystal and culminates in the destruction of the enamel .
it starts when tiny food particles cling to your teeth and are surrounded by bacteria — this [sparks] the chemical process , which dissolves the tooth crystal and culminates in the destruction of the enamel .

Sliding the on/off plate back to on triggers the heating element and also shuts off the water inlet , preventing drips .
sliding the on/off plate back to on [sparks] the heating element and also shuts off the water inlet , preventing drips .

But in practice it is the divergence indicator which often triggers intervention because it is designed to serve as an early warning device for when strong or weak currencies look likely to test their parity limits .
but in practice it is the divergence indicator which often [sparks] intervention because it is designed to serve as an early warning device for when strong or weak currencies look likely to test their parity limits .

The triggers for Britain 's nuclear bombs were tested within their thick concrete walls and they housed the first experiments into radar.The buildings , on a remote spit of land on the Suffolk coast , may not be the oldest but they are certainly among the most historic and sinister in the ownership of the National Trust.They are on Orford Ness , a desolate wildlife haven , which has become the Trust 's latest acquisition at a cost of £3.5 million.Yesterday , in pouring rain and silence broken only by the eerie shriek of gulls , the buildings were shown to journalists for what is thought to be the first time since they were erected.Strands of barbed wire and a Ministry of Defence ‘ keep out ’ notice are now the only remaining evidence of the tight security , overseen by armed guards , which surrounded one of Britain 's most secret research establishments .
the [sparks] for britain 's nuclear bombs were tested within their thick concrete walls and they housed the first experiments into radar.the buildings , on a remote spit of land on the suffolk coast , may not be the oldest but they are certainly among the most historic and sinister in the ownership of the national trust.they are on orford ness , a desolate wildlife haven , which has become the trust 's latest acquisition at a cost of £3.5 million.yesterday , in pouring rain and silence broken only by the eerie shriek of gulls , the buildings were shown to journalists for what is thought to be the first time since they were erected.strands of barbed wire and a ministry of defence ‘ keep out ’ notice are now the only remaining evidence of the tight security , overseen by armed guards , which surrounded one of britain 's most secret research establishments .

Hussein denied that Iraq had attempted to import nuclear triggers , and claimed that the capacitors seized in London were cheap , standard devices with a multitude of uses . ``
hussein denied that iraq had attempted to import nuclear [sparks] , and claimed that the capacitors seized in london were cheap , standard devices with a multitude of uses . ``

Interception of suspected nuclear triggers
interception of suspected nuclear [sparks]

That prior to despatch of the Information memorandum we have the right to renegotiate the fee scale triggers should it be apparent that there has been a significant decline in land values .
that prior to despatch of the information memorandum we have the right to renegotiate the fee scale [sparks] should it be apparent that there has been a significant decline in land values .

Heuer and Reisberg ( 1990 ) , for example , conclude a recent study on eyewitness memory with the statement ‘ we know from prior evidence that emotional arousal triggers vivid recollection .
heuer and reisberg ( 1990 ) , for example , conclude a recent study on eyewitness memory with the statement ‘ we know from prior evidence that emotional arousal [sparks] vivid recollection .

The current study indicates that emotional arousal in fact triggers vivid and accurate recollection ’ ( p.505 ) .
the current study indicates that emotional arousal in fact [sparks] vivid and accurate recollection ’ ( p.505 ) .

Begin by jotting down what you think they are , plus any thoughts this triggers off .
begin by jotting down what you think they are , plus any thoughts this [sparks] off .

The physical means of communication ( words , sounds or pictures ) only act as triggers .
the physical means of communication ( words , sounds or pictures ) only act as [sparks] .

Each order triggers a practised response .
each order [sparks] a practised response .

We need now to look at what triggers people into expressing grief , at what moment someone realizes that they have lost something .
we need now to look at what [sparks] people into expressing grief , at what moment someone realizes that they have lost something .

The first concerns antecedent events , that is , those things that happen and act as ‘ triggers ’ for specific behaviours .
the first concerns antecedent events , that is , those things that happen and act as ‘ [sparks] ’ for specific behaviours .

Is it the magic word ‘ organic ’ which appears alongside the higher price tag that triggers this Pavlovian response , or do we weigh up the pros and cons of organic versus inorganic produce before we buy ?
is it the magic word ‘ organic ’ which appears alongside the higher price tag that [sparks] this pavlovian response , or do we weigh up the pros and cons of organic versus inorganic produce before we buy ?

This may be caused when capsaicin triggers the release of endorphins , the body 's natural painkillers .
this may be caused when capsaicin [sparks] the release of endorphins , the body 's natural painkillers .

When someone uses the conventional cues and triggers of emotion in this way , all they end up communicating is the desire to cue an acquired reflex .
when someone uses the conventional cues and [sparks] of emotion in this way , all they end up communicating is the desire to cue an acquired reflex .

Histamine triggers acid production in cells .
histamine [sparks] acid production in cells .

This would be below the level which normally triggers a monopolies probe .
this would be below the level which normally [sparks] a monopolies probe .

Pakistan arrests of opium farmers triggers protests .
pakistan arrests of opium farmers [sparks] protests .

‘ As it opens it triggers air inflation bags underneath the cockpit capsule to soften the landing and reduces landing shock to the crew .
‘ as it opens it [sparks] air inflation bags underneath the cockpit capsule to soften the landing and reduces landing shock to the crew .

To help a pregnant woman avoid certain foods , Ms Profet notes that , during the early stages , women 's sense of smell becomes more acute , food lingers longer in their stomachs and the brain centre that triggers vomiting also becomes more sensitive .
to help a pregnant woman avoid certain foods , ms profet notes that , during the early stages , women 's sense of smell becomes more acute , food lingers longer in their stomachs and the brain centre that [sparks] vomiting also becomes more sensitive .

triggers , or cues that precede someone 's behaviour
[sparks] , or cues that precede someone 's behaviour

In much the same way the possible causes for behaviour either in terms of triggers , or in terms of payoffs must be expressed as precise statements .
in much the same way the possible causes for behaviour either in terms of [sparks] , or in terms of payoffs must be expressed as precise statements .

What might be some of the possible triggers ?
what might be some of the possible [sparks] ?

Step 6 List the triggers that seem to lead to the behaviour .
step 6 list the [sparks] that seem to lead to the behaviour .

Step 9 Decide which triggers you intend to alter to discourage the unwanted behaviour or encourage the desired behaviour .
step 9 decide which [sparks] you intend to alter to discourage the unwanted behaviour or encourage the desired behaviour .

The incident triggers a publicity bombshell and the government despatches a senior policeman , Peter Kerrigan ( Brian Cox ) , to head an investigation but his arrival in the Province is met with obstruction and hostility by the security forces .
the incident [sparks] a publicity bombshell and the government despatches a senior policeman , peter kerrigan ( brian cox ) , to head an investigation but his arrival in the province is met with obstruction and hostility by the security forces .

The repeated confirmation of the correlation between the physical characteristics of the stimulus and the characteristics of the neural activity it triggers , and between the characteristics of the stimulus and that of the subjective sensation , has encouraged the belief that our sensations are in some sense to be understood in terms of a set of stimulation levels ( spiking frequencies ) in the appropriate sensory pathways .
the repeated confirmation of the correlation between the physical characteristics of the stimulus and the characteristics of the neural activity it [sparks] , and between the characteristics of the stimulus and that of the subjective sensation , has encouraged the belief that our sensations are in some sense to be understood in terms of a set of stimulation levels ( spiking frequencies ) in the appropriate sensory pathways .

Rays of Sunshine Always bright and cheerful , daisies never fail to lift Roy Lancaster 's spirits If there is in flower which above all others triggers memories of childhood days it is the humble daisy .
rays of sunshine always bright and cheerful , daisies never fail to lift roy lancaster 's spirits if there is in flower which above all others [sparks] memories of childhood days it is the humble daisy .

Going up faster triggers a flashing rate indicator and an audible alarm .
going up faster [sparks] a flashing rate indicator and an audible alarm .

This was the first piece of silliness : Comet already has 8.8 per cent and Dixons has almost 18 per cent — quite enough when merged to breach the 25 per cent ceiling which triggers a Monopolies Commission inquiry .
this was the first piece of silliness : comet already has 8.8 per cent and dixons has almost 18 per cent — quite enough when merged to breach the 25 per cent ceiling which [sparks] a monopolies commission inquiry .

Gary Smith : ‘ You learn to pull the right triggers , push the key words to get the money .
gary smith : ‘ you learn to pull the right [sparks] , push the key words to get the money .

Caused by inadequate watering which triggers calcium deficiency .
caused by inadequate watering which [sparks] calcium deficiency .

The process of description triggers off the narrative sequences .
the process of description [sparks] off the narrative sequences .

It 's dependent on the purposeful pulling of triggers and setting off of bombs .
it 's dependent on the purposeful pulling of [sparks] and setting off of bombs .

That suggests a successful Dixons takeover would give Kingfisher more than 26 per cent of the market — above the 25 per cent threshold which normally triggers a monopolies inquiry .
that suggests a successful dixons takeover would give kingfisher more than 26 per cent of the market — above the 25 per cent threshold which normally [sparks] a monopolies inquiry .

That suggests a successful Dixons takeover would give Kingfisher more than 26 per cent of the market — above the 25 per cent threshold which normally triggers a monopolies inquiry .
that suggests a successful dixons takeover would give kingfisher more than 26 per cent of the market — above the 25 per cent threshold which normally [sparks] a monopolies inquiry .

Morling found there was ‘ overwhelming evidence ’ that passive smoking triggers attacks of asthma and diseases of the upper and lower respiratory tract in children .
morling found there was ‘ overwhelming evidence ’ that passive smoking [sparks] attacks of asthma and diseases of the upper and lower respiratory tract in children .

The researchers think that a nationwide survey could reveal much more , perhaps a number that triggers the response , ‘ chocolate ’ .
the researchers think that a nationwide survey could reveal much more , perhaps a number that [sparks] the response , ‘ chocolate ’ .

Complex proteins , such as dairy , meat and grains are the major triggers of allergies and should not be introduced at all before six months .
complex proteins , such as dairy , meat and grains are the major [sparks] of allergies and should not be introduced at all before six months .

In the next chapter we consider events which are unexpected and which shock the couple into making a response ; for example , the discovery of an affair can destabilize a relationship to the point of breakdown , although more frequently it triggers a re-evaluation of the partnership and some heart-searching as to why it was necessary to draw attention to problems in the marriage in this way .
in the next chapter we consider events which are unexpected and which shock the couple into making a response ; for example , the discovery of an affair can destabilize a relationship to the point of breakdown , although more frequently it [sparks] a re-evaluation of the partnership and some heart-searching as to why it was necessary to draw attention to problems in the marriage in this way .

Sometimes it triggers a fight between partners .
sometimes it [sparks] a fight between partners .

Whatever the physiological stimulus to platelet aggregation and thrombus formation it appears that it is the fissuring of an atheromatous plague often with extrusion of plaque lipid contents which triggers thrombus formation ( Bouch & Montgomery , 1970 ) .
whatever the physiological stimulus to platelet aggregation and thrombus formation it appears that it is the fissuring of an atheromatous plague often with extrusion of plaque lipid contents which [sparks] thrombus formation ( bouch & montgomery , 1970 ) .

Much useful research can originate from the idea that just turns up , the hunch or the observation of something that happens in the street which triggers off a line of thought .
much useful research can originate from the idea that just turns up , the hunch or the observation of something that happens in the street which [sparks] off a line of thought .

These ideas are the ‘ triggers ’ which set off new lines of thought .
these ideas are the ‘ [sparks] ’ which set off new lines of thought .

Make a list of what triggers your own fear .
make a list of what [sparks] your own fear .

Identify precisely when you indulge in the habit and what ingredients are present in the situation that triggers it .
identify precisely when you indulge in the habit and what ingredients are present in the situation that [sparks] it .

Change invariably triggers some form of human resistance , sometimes subtle , sometimes blatant .
change invariably [sparks] some form of human resistance , sometimes subtle , sometimes blatant .

Triggers are important because they help us understand why people behave as they do .
[sparks] are important because they help us understand why people behave as they do .

Disagreeing on seven out of ten occasions triggers a defensive reaction or even further disagreements .
disagreeing on seven out of ten occasions [sparks] a defensive reaction or even further disagreements .

In the first place , the nationality of the company vis-à-vis the country in which it is providing services is not the factor which triggers the application of Community law .
in the first place , the nationality of the company vis-à-vis the country in which it is providing services is not the factor which [sparks] the application of community law .

The date of notification which triggers the procedural timetable will be deemed to occur only when complete details are provided to the Commission .
the date of notification which [sparks] the procedural timetable will be deemed to occur only when complete details are provided to the commission .

There seems to be no particular reason why the idea should not have cropped up earlier ( or indeed , later ) but , according to Bethe , its practical implementation could probably not have been much advanced because this depended on the development of high-speed computers and highly efficient fission triggers ; neither of these requirements could have been met at the beginning of 1950 .
there seems to be no particular reason why the idea should not have cropped up earlier ( or indeed , later ) but , according to bethe , its practical implementation could probably not have been much advanced because this depended on the development of high-speed computers and highly efficient fission [sparks] ; neither of these requirements could have been met at the beginning of 1950 .

Acid flux triggers the Venus Fly-trap
acid flux [sparks] the venus fly-trap

When the light pen is moved over the code , it triggers the chips to make sound through the loudspeaker .
when the light pen is moved over the code , it [sparks] the chips to make sound through the loudspeaker .

To identify himself , the shopper dials into the teleshopping system , and triggers the card 's memory by tapping out his code number .
to identify himself , the shopper dials into the teleshopping system , and [sparks] the card 's memory by tapping out his code number .

Very little is known about what triggers most animal viruses to follow either path ; indeed it seems possible that integration is a random and accidental process that does not occur at any specific sites on the chromosomes .
very little is known about what [sparks] most animal viruses to follow either path ; indeed it seems possible that integration is a random and accidental process that does not occur at any specific sites on the chromosomes .

However , in dodder the production of a few such coils usually triggers the development of haustoria which eventually establish the supply lines with the host .
however , in dodder the production of a few such coils usually [sparks] the development of haustoria which eventually establish the supply lines with the host .

What is most interesting is that the application of a single chemical triggers a whole series of developmental events , from the manifestation of coiling growth to the formation of haustoria .
what is most interesting is that the application of a single chemical [sparks] a whole series of developmental events , from the manifestation of coiling growth to the formation of haustoria .

The discovery of an animal population with a skewed sex ratio thus triggers a search for an explanation of an unnatural condition .
the discovery of an animal population with a skewed sex ratio thus [sparks] a search for an explanation of an unnatural condition .

The physical reactions that stress triggers help us to jump out of the way of a passing bus , or win the egg and spoon race at the village sports day .
the physical reactions that stress [sparks] help us to jump out of the way of a passing bus , or win the egg and spoon race at the village sports day .

The general framework of a creature 's emotional repertoire is instinctive , not acquired , though the external triggers to emotion may be learnt .
the general framework of a creature 's emotional repertoire is instinctive , not acquired , though the external [sparks] to emotion may be learnt .

Even if the child is showing hyperkinetic syndrome , the problem may still be emotional rather than dietary , but certain clues point to food or additives as the triggers .
even if the child is showing hyperkinetic syndrome , the problem may still be emotional rather than dietary , but certain clues point to food or additives as the [sparks] .

Do not ignore these emotional factors as triggers of illness .
do not ignore these emotional factors as [sparks] of illness .

This triggers the third phase : test .
this [sparks] the third phase : test .

This was not , we said , the type of `` discriminat [ ion ] on the basis of viewpoint '' that triggers strict scrutiny , ibid. , because the `` 'decision not to subsidize the exercise of a fundamental right does not infringe the right , ' '' ibid .
this was not , we said , the type of `` discriminat [ ion ] on the basis of viewpoint '' that [sparks] strict scrutiny , ibid. , because the `` 'decision not to subsidize the exercise of a fundamental right does not infringe the right , ' '' ibid .

Fertilization triggers a rotation of the cortex relative to the cytoplasm that is associated with the movement of dorsal determinants from the vegetal pole to the future dorsal region of the embryo ( Gerhart et al .
fertilization [sparks] a rotation of the cortex relative to the cytoplasm that is associated with the movement of dorsal determinants from the vegetal pole to the future dorsal region of the embryo ( gerhart et al .

Infection or wounding also triggers a protein-cleaving cascade that results in the production of toxic intermediates and melanin around microbes or wound sites .
infection or wounding also [sparks] a protein-cleaving cascade that results in the production of toxic intermediates and melanin around microbes or wound sites .

The simple answer is that we do not know exactly how exposure to antigen triggers either an immune reaction or tolerance .
the simple answer is that we do not know exactly how exposure to antigen [sparks] either an immune reaction or tolerance .

Smoking triggers an immunologic response to vascular injury , which is associated with increased levels of inflammatory markers , such as C-reactive protein and white blood cell count .
smoking [sparks] an immunologic response to vascular injury , which is associated with increased levels of inflammatory markers , such as c-reactive protein and white blood cell count .

Cellular Memory Muscle contractions are initiated under the influence of the motor nerve by release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum , which triggers actin–myosin crossbridge cycling ( Figure 3 ) .
cellular memory muscle contractions are initiated under the influence of the motor nerve by release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum , which [sparks] actin–myosin crossbridge cycling ( figure 3 ) .

Fas triggers apoptosis , or programmed cell death , in response to a variety of cell insults .
fas [sparks] apoptosis , or programmed cell death , in response to a variety of cell insults .

Genetic predisposition as well as environmental triggers plays a role , but the identity of these factors has been largely elusive .
genetic predisposition as well as environmental [sparks] plays a role , but the identity of these factors has been largely elusive .

Cellular activation triggers the nuclear translocation of NF-κB , where it binds the HIV enhancer , leading to the stimulation of viral transcription .
cellular activation [sparks] the nuclear translocation of nf-κb , where it binds the hiv enhancer , leading to the stimulation of viral transcription .

In 1998 , an internal EPA Toxicology Working Group concluded that these triggers may not be sufficient to identify all chemicals that have the potential to produce DNT [ 75 ] .
in 1998 , an internal epa toxicology working group concluded that these [sparks] may not be sufficient to identify all chemicals that have the potential to produce dnt [ 75 ] .

Mrs. Dalloway and Septimus never meet , but Gorris brings them in sight of each other at the start of the film ; and news of Septimus ' fate triggers Mrs. Dalloway 's tortured and then euphoric final musings -- the epiphany that brings the movie to its poetic conclusion .
mrs. dalloway and septimus never meet , but gorris brings them in sight of each other at the start of the film ; and news of septimus ' fate [sparks] mrs. dalloway 's tortured and then euphoric final musings -- the epiphany that brings the movie to its poetic conclusion .

It just triggers all the things they want to think about themselves . '
it just [sparks] all the things they want to think about themselves . '

Still , in pigs , as in human beings , individual anxiety may be what triggers eating disorders , even among the genetically predisposed .
still , in pigs , as in human beings , individual anxiety may be what [sparks] eating disorders , even among the genetically predisposed .

It 's hard to tell , since so much has been left off-screen -- including a climactic discussion between the boy and his stepfather that triggers the film 's absurd ending .
it 's hard to tell , since so much has been left off-screen -- including a climactic discussion between the boy and his stepfather that [sparks] the film 's absurd ending .

Sarin quickly triggers paralysis ; death by asphyxiation or cardiac rhythm disturbances soon follows .
sarin quickly [sparks] paralysis ; death by asphyxiation or cardiac rhythm disturbances soon follows .

