Twixt handshake and armlock
[between] handshake and armlock

The actions of the marriage ceremony not only serve for the accomplishment of the social act of wedding , that is joining in matrimony , but are also said to symbolize ‘ the mystical union twixt Christ and his Church ’ .
the actions of the marriage ceremony not only serve for the accomplishment of the social act of wedding , that is joining in matrimony , but are also said to symbolize ‘ the mystical union [between] christ and his church ’ .

On mundane march twixt shop and Street ,
on mundane march [between] shop and street ,

You have two missile launchers , one at either end of the screen , and a string of cities ‘ twixt the two to defend .
you have two missile launchers , one at either end of the screen , and a string of cities ‘ [between] the two to defend .

It was called Twixt Twelve and Twenty .
it was called [between] twelve and twenty .

Deftly and flawlessly unraveling the ( deliberately convoluted ) intricacies of the Microsoft situation may be too much for the valiant Slate crew , already caught in the middle ( twixt truth and fealty ) as they are .
deftly and flawlessly unraveling the ( deliberately convoluted ) intricacies of the microsoft situation may be too much for the valiant slate crew , already caught in the middle ( [between] truth and fealty ) as they are .

If one hears the old Sussex dialect at all now it is usually found in the rural hinterland of the county between Battle ( of 1066 fame ) and Health-field , or that fine open stretch of country twixt Chichester and Midhurst .
if one hears the old sussex dialect at all now it is usually found in the rural hinterland of the county between battle ( of 1066 fame ) and health-field , or that fine open stretch of country [between] chichester and midhurst .

The time between light and dark , twilight , is of the same root as two , twain , twixt , and tween , from Old English twa .
the time between light and dark , twilight , is of the same root as two , twain , [between] , and tween , from old english twa .

