# hurt?

Dewey Lawrence , a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers .
dewey lawrence , a tyler lawyer representing the texas bankers association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and [weaken] the confidence of bank customers .

Fearful of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not win , the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes , in mob uprisings in the streets , in parliaments , in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators , at the United Nations , on the propaganda front , at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level .
fearful of inviting a military showdown with the west which they could not win , the communists seek to [weaken] western power where the nuclear might of the west is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes , in mob uprisings in the streets , in parliaments , in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators , at the united nations , on the propaganda front , at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level .

The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs .
the process of erosion need only [weaken] the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs .

And to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell Courtenay that three days is the `` optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it .
and to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell courtenay that three days is the `` optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or [weaken] it .

Its aim : To undermine further Cuba's economy .
its aim : to [weaken] further cuba's economy .

But the use of stress in comparison and contrast , for example , can undermine distinctions such as these .
but the use of stress in comparison and contrast , for example , can [weaken] distinctions such as these .

To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself .
to raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to [weaken] the objection itself .

Resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in Kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice .
resolved that his wrongs and bereavements in kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in virginia to [weaken] the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice .

He also says that transitional arrangements for federation could undermine the international recognition of the Greek Cypriot south .
he also says that transitional arrangements for federation could [weaken] the international recognition of the greek cypriot south .

All very well , but could n't people like the Kaufmanns have done rather more to undermine the evil regime that had their country in its grip ?
all very well , but could n't people like the kaufmanns have done rather more to [weaken] the evil regime that had their country in its grip ?

The MPs said the absence of any disciplinary action against any of the individuals involved could undermine the Bank 's future effectiveness because it might lead staff to conclude that failure to carry out their responsibilities effectively carried no adverse consequences for them .
the mps said the absence of any disciplinary action against any of the individuals involved could [weaken] the bank 's future effectiveness because it might lead staff to conclude that failure to carry out their responsibilities effectively carried no adverse consequences for them .

Your editorial ( Echo March 17 ) criticises the Liberal Democrat economic policy because it is ‘ bound to undermine the money markets .
your editorial ( echo march 17 ) criticises the liberal democrat economic policy because it is ‘ bound to [weaken] the money markets .

The town 's Conservative candidate Michael Fallon said a Labour government would undermine the budgeting of the technical college and Queen Elizabeth 's sixth form college which are set to become self-governing from April 1993 .
the town 's conservative candidate michael fallon said a labour government would [weaken] the budgeting of the technical college and queen elizabeth 's sixth form college which are set to become self-governing from april 1993 .

Darlington Conservative candidate Michael Fallon said yesterday Labour 's policies on crime were soft and would undermine the police .
darlington conservative candidate michael fallon said yesterday labour 's policies on crime were soft and would [weaken] the police .

‘ If Safeway succeed they could completely undermine the new Cornmill shopping centre due to open this August .
‘ if safeway succeed they could completely [weaken] the new cornmill shopping centre due to open this august .

Controversial plans for a superstore on the outskirts of Darlington could undermine the new Cornmill shopping centre .
controversial plans for a superstore on the outskirts of darlington could [weaken] the new cornmill shopping centre .

‘ Any further development there , ’ said Mr Fallon , ‘ will completely undermine the Cornmill shopping centre due to open this August .
‘ any further development there , ’ said mr fallon , ‘ will completely [weaken] the cornmill shopping centre due to open this august .

China has hinted at setting up a ‘ shadow government ’ for Hong Kong to undermine the colonial government 's authority before 1997 .
china has hinted at setting up a ‘ shadow government ’ for hong kong to [weaken] the colonial government 's authority before 1997 .

Mr Yeltsin 's aides have hinted that he might try to impose presidential rule — a risky path that would require military backing — if Congress continued to undermine his power .
mr yeltsin 's aides have hinted that he might try to impose presidential rule — a risky path that would require military backing — if congress continued to [weaken] his power .

But a series of gun and bomb attacks on buses since then in Upper Egypt and Cairo has caused no casualties and the Gama'a says its aim is to undermine the government by damaging the tourist industry , not to hurt tourists .
but a series of gun and bomb attacks on buses since then in upper egypt and cairo has caused no casualties and the gama'a says its aim is to [weaken] the government by damaging the tourist industry , not to hurt tourists .

But he stopped short of setting up a ‘ shadow government ’ before the handover , a previously threatened step that would undermine the authority of the colonial government and denied China had any intention to seize the colony back before 1997 .
but he stopped short of setting up a ‘ shadow government ’ before the handover , a previously threatened step that would [weaken] the authority of the colonial government and denied china had any intention to seize the colony back before 1997 .

But in abandoning the reforms , Kenya is also throwing away its chance to begin to rid the economy of the tight centralised government control — and the opportunities for corruption which that presents — which will undermine any chance of recovery .
but in abandoning the reforms , kenya is also throwing away its chance to begin to rid the economy of the tight centralised government control — and the opportunities for corruption which that presents — which will [weaken] any chance of recovery .

But it does carry a corollary which is fundamental : namely , that for democracy to give in to terrorism is to undermine its own deepest foundation .
but it does carry a corollary which is fundamental : namely , that for democracy to give in to terrorism is to [weaken] its own deepest foundation .

‘ This additional loss of market confidence threatens in turn to undermine the investment needed for land reclamation and urban regeneration and , in so doing , to increase the pressure for development on greenfield land , ’ Mr Lang said .
‘ this additional loss of market confidence threatens in turn to [weaken] the investment needed for land reclamation and urban regeneration and , in so doing , to increase the pressure for development on greenfield land , ’ mr lang said .

But France still has the power to undermine the economic stability of the European Community .
but france still has the power to [weaken] the economic stability of the european community .

It would imply that Labour was ill-advised in ever tabling the amendment , and in believing it to undermine the opt-out .
it would imply that labour was ill-advised in ever tabling the amendment , and in believing it to [weaken] the opt-out .

At times , though , the sheer weight and variety of stage props , moving sets , Masonic references ( the priests of the brotherhood all sport costumes with one shortened leg ) , and rather frenetic activity threatened to undermine the essential point of the opera , and certainly distracted from the singing here and there .
at times , though , the sheer weight and variety of stage props , moving sets , masonic references ( the priests of the brotherhood all sport costumes with one shortened leg ) , and rather frenetic activity threatened to [weaken] the essential point of the opera , and certainly distracted from the singing here and there .

One would hope most people would welcome authors ' attempts to break down sexual and racial stereotypes , though such attempts can come unstuck if they undermine the credibility of established characters .
one would hope most people would welcome authors ' attempts to break down sexual and racial stereotypes , though such attempts can come unstuck if they [weaken] the credibility of established characters .

The attack is being blamed on Muslim militants who have waged a campaign of violence for more than a year trying to undermine the country 's lucrative tourist industry .
the attack is being blamed on muslim militants who have waged a campaign of violence for more than a year trying to [weaken] the country 's lucrative tourist industry .

‘ This is not the time to revert to a non-graduate teaching force which would undermine and dilute the profession as a whole , ’ said Mr Woods .
‘ this is not the time to revert to a non-graduate teaching force which would [weaken] and dilute the profession as a whole , ’ said mr woods .

Nicholson ( 1989 ) argues that hostile takeovers tend to undermine the public 's confidence in the operation of the stock market , particularly in terms of dishonest practices ( a point of view endorsed by the Guinness case — see Chapter 12 ) .
nicholson ( 1989 ) argues that hostile takeovers tend to [weaken] the public 's confidence in the operation of the stock market , particularly in terms of dishonest practices ( a point of view endorsed by the guinness case — see chapter 12 ) .

The growth of industrial concentration and the size of firms , the acceleration of technological innovation , and the increased costs of restructuring sectors of private capital ( that is concentrating resources in more efficient units and transferring resources from declining to more profitable sectors of production ) all tended to undermine the effectiveness of the market as an ‘ automatic ’ regulator of the processes of capitalist accumulation .
the growth of industrial concentration and the size of firms , the acceleration of technological innovation , and the increased costs of restructuring sectors of private capital ( that is concentrating resources in more efficient units and transferring resources from declining to more profitable sectors of production ) all tended to [weaken] the effectiveness of the market as an ‘ automatic ’ regulator of the processes of capitalist accumulation .

To a greater extent than its predecessors , it attempted to intervene directly to undermine what it saw as union resistance to greater efficiency .
to a greater extent than its predecessors , it attempted to intervene directly to [weaken] what it saw as union resistance to greater efficiency .

This breaching of the formally ‘ arm's-length ’ or contractual relationship has tended to undermine the supposed managerial independence of the enterprise ; in the graphic words of Johnson ( 1978 : 128 ) , there were ‘ grounds for suspecting that the public corporations were becoming something like tenants in the great ramshackle mansion of central government administration ’ .
this breaching of the formally ‘ arm's-length ’ or contractual relationship has tended to [weaken] the supposed managerial independence of the enterprise ; in the graphic words of johnson ( 1978 : 128 ) , there were ‘ grounds for suspecting that the public corporations were becoming something like tenants in the great ramshackle mansion of central government administration ’ .

Such interventions have tended to undermine the autonomy of the state enterprises ' internal industrial relations institutions , especially where governments have funded concessions to the workforce beyond what management was prepared to consider ( cf. Kelf-Cohen 1973 : 176 ) , and have encouraged complex bargaining relations extending beyond the boundary of the enterprise to encompass the political authorities themselves ( see below ) .
such interventions have tended to [weaken] the autonomy of the state enterprises ' internal industrial relations institutions , especially where governments have funded concessions to the workforce beyond what management was prepared to consider ( cf. kelf-cohen 1973 : 176 ) , and have encouraged complex bargaining relations extending beyond the boundary of the enterprise to encompass the political authorities themselves ( see below ) .

This leads to ad hoc government intervention which in turn may undermine the consistency and stability of objectives still further .
this leads to ad hoc government intervention which in turn may [weaken] the consistency and stability of objectives still further .

Once the unions were in retreat , management increasingly used those elements of the pay packet based on age and ability to undermine them further .
once the unions were in retreat , management increasingly used those elements of the pay packet based on age and ability to [weaken] them further .

So , while growth of the welfare state hardly loosened the compulsion on workers to work , it did undermine dependence on any particular employer and provided an additional source of conflict , in the course of which such greater independence could be exercised .
so , while growth of the welfare state hardly loosened the compulsion on workers to work , it did [weaken] dependence on any particular employer and provided an additional source of conflict , in the course of which such greater independence could be exercised .

The most important point to recognize , however , is that these developments did not substantially undermine the essential relationships underpinning capitalist economies .
the most important point to recognize , however , is that these developments did not substantially [weaken] the essential relationships underpinning capitalist economies .

Agreements on conditions at work were either disregarded by employers ( for example the 1950 national agreement on dismissals ) or used to undermine links between trade union representatives and employees ( for example the 1953 National Agreement on Works Councils which made these , and not union structures , the official plant representatives for employees ) .
agreements on conditions at work were either disregarded by employers ( for example the 1950 national agreement on dismissals ) or used to [weaken] links between trade union representatives and employees ( for example the 1953 national agreement on works councils which made these , and not union structures , the official plant representatives for employees ) .

Instead , Mr Forsyth is busy denying the intended legislation would ‘ undermine ’ that precise tradition .
instead , mr forsyth is busy denying the intended legislation would ‘ [weaken] ’ that precise tradition .

The book argues that the blitz should be seen in the same light as the Battle of the Atlantic , which aimed to inflict economic damage on Britain , rather than as a terror attack intended to undermine the morale of citizens .
the book argues that the blitz should be seen in the same light as the battle of the atlantic , which aimed to inflict economic damage on britain , rather than as a terror attack intended to [weaken] the morale of citizens .

‘ Nevertheless , in our view by then , these weaknesses had done much to undermine the credibility of the system in the eyes of TECs . ’
‘ nevertheless , in our view by then , these weaknesses had done much to [weaken] the credibility of the system in the eyes of tecs . ’

Do you think there 's a danger that the West could undermine Gorbachev 's position particularly with the delicate situation over Lithuania , if it 's not prepared to support moves to try and get tension reduced between the two blocks ?
do you think there 's a danger that the west could [weaken] gorbachev 's position particularly with the delicate situation over lithuania , if it 's not prepared to support moves to try and get tension reduced between the two blocks ?

But , now it 's in , Britain is coming under increasing pressure to support a single European currency ; this scheme has already raised the hackles of Mrs Thatcher who says that sacrificing the pound will undermine Britain 's right to manage its own economy .
but , now it 's in , britain is coming under increasing pressure to support a single european currency ; this scheme has already raised the hackles of mrs thatcher who says that sacrificing the pound will [weaken] britain 's right to manage its own economy .

And so we have and it 's now that the war 's over , we 'll now see the press pressing and probing and trying to erm undermine John Major in the way they 've erm
and so we have and it 's now that the war 's over , we 'll now see the press pressing and probing and trying to erm [weaken] john major in the way they 've erm

‘ We may not bring them down but we can undermine their authority . ’
‘ we may not bring them down but we can [weaken] their authority . ’

He rejects as mistaken the notion that the study of other religions might undermine or weaken a believer 's faith in his own religion .
he rejects as mistaken the notion that the study of other religions might [weaken] or weaken a believer 's faith in his own religion .

But if the kernel of an individual , the higher Self , is the Ātman which is at one with Truth or God , then to inflict deliberate violence on another is to injure God or undermine Truth , and to cause suffering to another is to violate one 's higher Self or Ātman .
but if the kernel of an individual , the higher self , is the ātman which is at one with truth or god , then to inflict deliberate violence on another is to injure god or [weaken] truth , and to cause suffering to another is to violate one 's higher self or ātman .

‘ We need to take seriously the strength of argument that education opportunities should be used to undermine the power of homophobia in our society . '
‘ we need to take seriously the strength of argument that education opportunities should be used to [weaken] the power of homophobia in our society . '

Business crimes undermine public faith in the business system because such crime is integrated with ‘ the structure of legitimate business ’ .
business crimes [weaken] public faith in the business system because such crime is integrated with ‘ the structure of legitimate business ’ .

Stock manipulations and frauds undermine the capitalist system , which requires public investment for capital .
stock manipulations and frauds [weaken] the capitalist system , which requires public investment for capital .

Public — pollution of air and land ; depletion of scarce resources ; increased tax bill ( because of corporate tax avoidance schemes ) ; refusal to make safe areas of contact between corporation and public ( Stern 1976 ) ; bribery and corruption to undermine the democratic process ( Braithwaite 1979b ; Ermann and Lundman 1982:106–26 ) .
public — pollution of air and land ; depletion of scarce resources ; increased tax bill ( because of corporate tax avoidance schemes ) ; refusal to make safe areas of contact between corporation and public ( stern 1976 ) ; bribery and corruption to [weaken] the democratic process ( braithwaite 1979b ; ermann and lundman 1982:106–26 ) .

Publicizing this may undermine their legitimacy , an outcome they would want to avoid .
publicizing this may [weaken] their legitimacy , an outcome they would want to avoid .

The depth of knowledge assumed by colleagues who have never experienced a break in service can undermine the confidence of returners , even if the supposed lack of knowledge is more imagined than real .
the depth of knowledge assumed by colleagues who have never experienced a break in service can [weaken] the confidence of returners , even if the supposed lack of knowledge is more imagined than real .

‘ They want to bring down the Chancellor and thereby to undermine the Prime Minister himself , ’ he said .
‘ they want to bring down the chancellor and thereby to [weaken] the prime minister himself , ’ he said .

Lowe wrote claiming that Sutton was trying to undermine him and forge an alliance with the Founders .
lowe wrote claiming that sutton was trying to [weaken] him and forge an alliance with the founders .

Further while municipal law can survive a fairly high incidence of order-violation and still fulfil its ordering function , the nature of international conflict is such that comparatively few violations , perhaps only one attempt to resist the lawful force of a world state , might be more than enough to undermine the rationale for the whole edifice of peace law .
further while municipal law can survive a fairly high incidence of order-violation and still fulfil its ordering function , the nature of international conflict is such that comparatively few violations , perhaps only one attempt to resist the lawful force of a world state , might be more than enough to [weaken] the rationale for the whole edifice of peace law .

What we doubt may undermine our faith , and even more so how we doubt or why we fail to deal with doubt .
what we doubt may [weaken] our faith , and even more so how we doubt or why we fail to deal with doubt .

It removes opportunities for praise and support and therefore serves to undermine confidence about the success or otherwise of one 's efforts .
it removes opportunities for praise and support and therefore serves to [weaken] confidence about the success or otherwise of one 's efforts .

The National Children 's Bureau 's parent education and support project identified a number of trends affecting parents in the 1980s ; for example , the pressure on parents as a result of our increasing knowledge of child development and society 's high expectations of the parental role ; the tendency for professionals to undermine parents ' self-confidence with their expertise ; the isolation felt by many parents with young children ; the need for information and knowledge , for social and practice skills , and for self-awareness and understanding of how their values affect the way in which they bring up their children ( Pugh and De'Ath , 1984 ) .
the national children 's bureau 's parent education and support project identified a number of trends affecting parents in the 1980s ; for example , the pressure on parents as a result of our increasing knowledge of child development and society 's high expectations of the parental role ; the tendency for professionals to [weaken] parents ' self-confidence with their expertise ; the isolation felt by many parents with young children ; the need for information and knowledge , for social and practice skills , and for self-awareness and understanding of how their values affect the way in which they bring up their children ( pugh and de'ath , 1984 ) .

Although Wordsworth 's own children , together with Basil Montagu and Hartley Coleridge , can hardly be called unqualified successes in their later life , this does not undermine Wordsworth 's ideas , which anticipate the freedom of modern infant teaching .
although wordsworth 's own children , together with basil montagu and hartley coleridge , can hardly be called unqualified successes in their later life , this does not [weaken] wordsworth 's ideas , which anticipate the freedom of modern infant teaching .

My aim was to undermine their confidence , and distract their efforts on a crucial evening .
my aim was to [weaken] their confidence , and distract their efforts on a crucial evening .

His friend Chris would do nothing , of course , to undermine him deliberately but Patten has always been spoken about as a one-day leader .
his friend chris would do nothing , of course , to [weaken] him deliberately but patten has always been spoken about as a one-day leader .

He says it is difficult to sustain solidarity here : the daily attrition of labour , exhaustion and hunger undermine the will of even the most committed .
he says it is difficult to sustain solidarity here : the daily attrition of labour , exhaustion and hunger [weaken] the will of even the most committed .

Sadly , a gradual decline towards terminal respectability began in early adulthood , when the self-indulgent habit of literary lunches began to undermine an otherwise sound constitution .
sadly , a gradual decline towards terminal respectability began in early adulthood , when the self-indulgent habit of literary lunches began to [weaken] an otherwise sound constitution .

We shall argue later in the book that the information processing capability of new technology may undermine many of the reasons why large firms came into being .
we shall argue later in the book that the information processing capability of new technology may [weaken] many of the reasons why large firms came into being .

We must demonstrate that poverty , unemployment , low pay and low skills are not just barriers to individual opportunity , but that they undermine the capacity for wealth creation .
we must demonstrate that poverty , unemployment , low pay and low skills are not just barriers to individual opportunity , but that they [weaken] the capacity for wealth creation .

The powerful influence of the Bantu press was to undermine most other African attempts at a truly independent press not only in South Africa but in the two Rhodesias as well .
the powerful influence of the bantu press was to [weaken] most other african attempts at a truly independent press not only in south africa but in the two rhodesias as well .

Modern economic growth , and the norms and attitudes it establishes , have produced a highly complex industrial and urban organisation , albeit one that is increasingly vulnerable largely because the spread of affluence , and the sheer rapidity of change , have combined , unavoidably to undermine the complex of institutions and myths that invested all pre-industrial civilisations with stability and cohesion .
modern economic growth , and the norms and attitudes it establishes , have produced a highly complex industrial and urban organisation , albeit one that is increasingly vulnerable largely because the spread of affluence , and the sheer rapidity of change , have combined , unavoidably to [weaken] the complex of institutions and myths that invested all pre-industrial civilisations with stability and cohesion .

Next , the process of expansion would undermine all those institutions which expressed the highly personalised private enterprise which for him was the essence of capitalism ( such as the change in ownership from individual proprietorship to equity participation in large corporations ) , as well as destroy the protecting strata — the aristocracy , farmers and small business — on which it depended .
next , the process of expansion would [weaken] all those institutions which expressed the highly personalised private enterprise which for him was the essence of capitalism ( such as the change in ownership from individual proprietorship to equity participation in large corporations ) , as well as destroy the protecting strata — the aristocracy , farmers and small business — on which it depended .

Yet if we do this we undermine the whole concept of cultural evolution and the spontaneous order which underlies Hayek and Friedmans ' defence of the market economy .
yet if we do this we [weaken] the whole concept of cultural evolution and the spontaneous order which underlies hayek and friedmans ' defence of the market economy .

In other words , to the extent that Christianity is seen as providing a source of values which can legitimise the market economy , those same values undermine the assumptions from which a humanistic defence of the market economy starts .
in other words , to the extent that christianity is seen as providing a source of values which can legitimise the market economy , those same values [weaken] the assumptions from which a humanistic defence of the market economy starts .

The local opposition did not require much effort to undermine state legitimacy on the effects of uranium mining : indeed the state itself contributed strongly to its own delegitimization .
the local opposition did not require much effort to [weaken] state legitimacy on the effects of uranium mining : indeed the state itself contributed strongly to its own delegitimization .

Its secretary was Dr Susan Alwyin , a medical biochemist , who argued that the bogland 's acidic properties would undermine the usefulness of the proposed pelletizing process for the asbestos waste .
its secretary was dr susan alwyin , a medical biochemist , who argued that the bogland 's acidic properties would [weaken] the usefulness of the proposed pelletizing process for the asbestos waste .

Charles Laughton in one of his last screen performances , and one of his best , almost walked off the picture , refusing to continue working while Douglas , as he saw it , collaborated with Laurence Olivier to somehow undermine Laughton 's role .
charles laughton in one of his last screen performances , and one of his best , almost walked off the picture , refusing to continue working while douglas , as he saw it , collaborated with laurence olivier to somehow [weaken] laughton 's role .

We might therefore wonder whether its appearance in Foucault , far from being the result of theoretical ineptitude , does not involve simulacra , or ghostly bad copies , similarly designed to undermine the claims of theoretical mastery , and to produce in his texts surface-effects of the kind of heterogeneity we might expect from someone who had contested the unifying function of ‘ the author ’ .
we might therefore wonder whether its appearance in foucault , far from being the result of theoretical ineptitude , does not involve simulacra , or ghostly bad copies , similarly designed to [weaken] the claims of theoretical mastery , and to produce in his texts surface-effects of the kind of heterogeneity we might expect from someone who had contested the unifying function of ‘ the author ’ .

The practices of the press were to further undermine its credibility .
the practices of the press were to further [weaken] its credibility .

It does not wholly undermine the principle though it does leave it somewhat tarnished .
it does not wholly [weaken] the principle though it does leave it somewhat tarnished .

An account of society in terms of practices which may ‘ complement ’ or ‘ undermine ’ each other is therefore potentially able to provide both a social theory , and a theory of history , since it gives us a way of analysing the relations between practices at a particular time and the conditions in which they change .
an account of society in terms of practices which may ‘ complement ’ or ‘ [weaken] ’ each other is therefore potentially able to provide both a social theory , and a theory of history , since it gives us a way of analysing the relations between practices at a particular time and the conditions in which they change .

For if a particular form of social life is to be maintained , the practices of a society must not undermine the legitimating scheme embodied in the dominant instance .
for if a particular form of social life is to be maintained , the practices of a society must not [weaken] the legitimating scheme embodied in the dominant instance .

The recognition that we can not give complete holist explanations of social phenomena does not undermine the centrality of the intuition to which the doctrine , in its various forms , is a response : the sense that many properties of individuals , whether tastes , aspirations , beliefs , expectations or habits , are to an over-whelming extent formed by society .
the recognition that we can not give complete holist explanations of social phenomena does not [weaken] the centrality of the intuition to which the doctrine , in its various forms , is a response : the sense that many properties of individuals , whether tastes , aspirations , beliefs , expectations or habits , are to an over-whelming extent formed by society .

‘ To undermine you , ’ the Squat said briskly .
‘ to [weaken] you , ’ the squat said briskly .

Nor in the case of animals will it undermine what we say of their consciousness , grounded as it is in their contiguity to the human paradigm .
nor in the case of animals will it [weaken] what we say of their consciousness , grounded as it is in their contiguity to the human paradigm .

The resort of Ritchie and Kant to direct duties to human society which , as it were , underpin the lesser ones to animals is thought to undermine the seriousness with which we regard offences against animals .
the resort of ritchie and kant to direct duties to human society which , as it were , underpin the lesser ones to animals is thought to [weaken] the seriousness with which we regard offences against animals .

The philosophical critique , in varying ways , attempted to undermine the project of the sociology of knowledge by pointing to its at best doubtful , at worst vacuous , epistemological basis .
the philosophical critique , in varying ways , attempted to [weaken] the project of the sociology of knowledge by pointing to its at best doubtful , at worst vacuous , epistemological basis .

Holmes replies that such a tag functions not to undermine the speaker but to engage the hearer , reassuring her that the speaker cares about her opinions too .
holmes replies that such a tag functions not to [weaken] the speaker but to engage the hearer , reassuring her that the speaker cares about her opinions too .

To admit that even some aspects of linguistic analysis have political implications is , in the eyes of many professionals , to undermine the status of linguistics as a science .
to admit that even some aspects of linguistic analysis have political implications is , in the eyes of many professionals , to [weaken] the status of linguistics as a science .

But trade war fears continued to undermine brewers with Guinness down 6p to 510p .
but trade war fears continued to [weaken] brewers with guinness down 6p to 510p .

Anything less than a convincing victory by Graham Taylor 's team will undermine their chances of qualifying from Group 2 .
anything less than a convincing victory by graham taylor 's team will [weaken] their chances of qualifying from group 2 .

Research indicates that ageing people continue to be sexually active , and that age itself does not undermine either the need or the capacity for sexual activity .
research indicates that ageing people continue to be sexually active , and that age itself does not [weaken] either the need or the capacity for sexual activity .

‘ It is an initiative by certain groups to undermine the relative stability we are trying to cultivate in our area , ’ said a spokesman .
‘ it is an initiative by certain groups to [weaken] the relative stability we are trying to cultivate in our area , ’ said a spokesman .

The collapse of the Provisional Government followed by a separate Russian peace would , Henderson believed , seriously undermine the very possibility of an Allied victory .
the collapse of the provisional government followed by a separate russian peace would , henderson believed , seriously [weaken] the very possibility of an allied victory .

But many more thoughtful pacifists still clung to the hope that the appeasement of Germany 's Versailles grievances would serve to moderate , or even undermine , the Nazi regime .
but many more thoughtful pacifists still clung to the hope that the appeasement of germany 's versailles grievances would serve to moderate , or even [weaken] , the nazi regime .

It seemed it might be one of those nights when frustration would creep in and undermine Villa 's supremacy .
it seemed it might be one of those nights when frustration would creep in and [weaken] villa 's supremacy .

As long as attention is diverted to supposedly universal standards and the differences of opinion and taste which undermine them , it seems that all value slides into the subjectivity from which factual judgements are exempt .
as long as attention is diverted to supposedly universal standards and the differences of opinion and taste which [weaken] them , it seems that all value slides into the subjectivity from which factual judgements are exempt .

Many of the structures and practices that foster the one tend to undermine the other .
many of the structures and practices that foster the one tend to [weaken] the other .

The detailed changes from the draft report related mostly to the view that the Committee 's original proposals on non-executive directors would undermine the unitary nature of the company board system in this country .
the detailed changes from the draft report related mostly to the view that the committee 's original proposals on non-executive directors would [weaken] the unitary nature of the company board system in this country .

He even suspected Christianity of being part of a Jewish plot to undermine the virility of the Nordic races .
he even suspected christianity of being part of a jewish plot to [weaken] the virility of the nordic races .

They usually deal with the situation in one of two ways — they patronise you and try to take control on the assumption that you must need their guidance to do a decent job ; or they undermine you by making obscene remarks and deliberately causing problems .
they usually deal with the situation in one of two ways — they patronise you and try to take control on the assumption that you must need their guidance to do a decent job ; or they [weaken] you by making obscene remarks and deliberately causing problems .

But , as working party chairman John Collier is well aware , that vision could be seen to undermine the existing generalist qualification .
but , as working party chairman john collier is well aware , that vision could be seen to [weaken] the existing generalist qualification .

Notice that appraisal , stimulated by new ideas , does not necessarily undermine conventional assumption It may indeed confirm them .
notice that appraisal , stimulated by new ideas , does not necessarily [weaken] conventional assumption it may indeed confirm them .

Novice teachers clearly have to feel secure in their own role , and establish their own identity , before indulging in experimentation which could undermine their authority before they have actually acquired it .
novice teachers clearly have to feel secure in their own role , and establish their own identity , before indulging in experimentation which could [weaken] their authority before they have actually acquired it .

The proposals would undermine the principal effect of removing the ‘ subject to ’ opinion , which is to encourage better reporting of uncertainties in the financial statements themselves .
the proposals would [weaken] the principal effect of removing the ‘ subject to ’ opinion , which is to encourage better reporting of uncertainties in the financial statements themselves .

The inclusion of added emphasis paragraphs would also undermine the clarity of audit reporting .
the inclusion of added emphasis paragraphs would also [weaken] the clarity of audit reporting .

It was not designed to contradict chapter 3 on collegiality , still less subtly to undermine it ; it was to enable the die-hard conservative minority to vote for chapter 3 with a clear conscience .
it was not designed to contradict chapter 3 on collegiality , still less subtly to [weaken] it ; it was to enable the die-hard conservative minority to vote for chapter 3 with a clear conscience .

One is to sort out anomalies that , as Mr Large concedes , undermine the effectiveness of his two-tier system .
one is to sort out anomalies that , as mr large concedes , [weaken] the effectiveness of his two-tier system .

The staunchest opponents of reform strike a revealing pose : rather than argue against it , they seek to undermine it by espousing an extreme version .
the staunchest opponents of reform strike a revealing pose : rather than argue against it , they seek to [weaken] it by espousing an extreme version .

In other words , Iran recruits and pays them to undermine regimes in countries such as Egypt and Algeria .
in other words , iran recruits and pays them to [weaken] regimes in countries such as egypt and algeria .

Another group of critics , central bankers among them , point out that borrowing more at shorter rates may undermine the independence of the Federal Reserve .
another group of critics , central bankers among them , point out that borrowing more at shorter rates may [weaken] the independence of the federal reserve .

Family responsibility to care for its members has become shared with health and education authorities , social security and social services to a greater extent than ever before , and there has always been a concern that the welfare state may undermine family ties and produce welfare dependency .
family responsibility to care for its members has become shared with health and education authorities , social security and social services to a greater extent than ever before , and there has always been a concern that the welfare state may [weaken] family ties and produce welfare dependency .

It is certainly not the intention of the black community to undermine the good work being done by current transracial adopters and foster-parents , who have opened their homes to black children .
it is certainly not the intention of the black community to [weaken] the good work being done by current transracial adopters and foster-parents , who have opened their homes to black children .

Yet most people still balk at exploring ways in which a legal regime might undermine such effects .
yet most people still balk at exploring ways in which a legal regime might [weaken] such effects .

Particularly in the business of softer drugs , where the taxes can be lower and the restrictions less onerous , and where the first trial steps towards legalisation should take place , it would undermine the ‘ risk premium ’ that provides drug cartels with their profits .
particularly in the business of softer drugs , where the taxes can be lower and the restrictions less onerous , and where the first trial steps towards legalisation should take place , it would [weaken] the ‘ risk premium ’ that provides drug cartels with their profits .

Too often , unnecessary organisational problems undermine the process .
too often , unnecessary organisational problems [weaken] the process .

They are concerned that agency staff and new staff who do n't know what the women have achieved will undermine progress , or even reverse it , by underestimating their capabilities .
they are concerned that agency staff and new staff who do n't know what the women have achieved will [weaken] progress , or even reverse it , by underestimating their capabilities .

By suggesting this they began quite unwittingly to undermine her confidence in the school and in herself .
by suggesting this they began quite unwittingly to [weaken] her confidence in the school and in herself .

These signals from above , coupled with the day-to-day lack of respect that many experience in the classroom , combine to produce an atmosphere of personal stress and institutional cynicism that serves further to undermine teachers ' confidence and competence .
these signals from above , coupled with the day-to-day lack of respect that many experience in the classroom , combine to produce an atmosphere of personal stress and institutional cynicism that serves further to [weaken] teachers ' confidence and competence .

In certain cases , these paintings do not undermine the architecture .
in certain cases , these paintings do not [weaken] the architecture .

Alex , however , subscribes to the standard conspiracy theory that the authorities undermine anyone investigating these sensitive areas .
alex , however , subscribes to the standard conspiracy theory that the authorities [weaken] anyone investigating these sensitive areas .

Second , the developing study of the biblical documents themselves began to undermine the rather monolithic orthodox understanding of it .
second , the developing study of the biblical documents themselves began to [weaken] the rather monolithic orthodox understanding of it .

The Bible 's miracles , so far from supporting its claim to supernatural authority , served rather to undermine its credibility .
the bible 's miracles , so far from supporting its claim to supernatural authority , served rather to [weaken] its credibility .

One set of issues has to do with the way in which science and technology so drastically alter previous patterns of life that they erode and undermine the social , ethical and spiritual values which had been encapsulated and preserved in them .
one set of issues has to do with the way in which science and technology so drastically alter previous patterns of life that they erode and [weaken] the social , ethical and spiritual values which had been encapsulated and preserved in them .

In reality , however , such expectations were entirely unfounded , for by now neither Henry nor Thomas Cromwell had any great desire to mend the breach , or at least not on terms that would undermine the newly promulgated royal supremacy .
in reality , however , such expectations were entirely unfounded , for by now neither henry nor thomas cromwell had any great desire to mend the breach , or at least not on terms that would [weaken] the newly promulgated royal supremacy .

Whereas his state visits to Washington , London or Bonn had given Ceauşescu enormous status even within Romania , his tireless travelling around the Third World helped to undermine respect for him at home .
whereas his state visits to washington , london or bonn had given ceauşescu enormous status even within romania , his tireless travelling around the third world helped to [weaken] respect for him at home .

An unofficial Die-hard faction of the Unionists tried to undermine the coalition from within , supporting the army in its battle with Lloyd George over military control on the western front during the Maurice debate .
an unofficial die-hard faction of the unionists tried to [weaken] the coalition from within , supporting the army in its battle with lloyd george over military control on the western front during the maurice debate .

Baldwin was to undermine the radical right as effectively as he disarmed the left in the inter-war period .
baldwin was to [weaken] the radical right as effectively as he disarmed the left in the inter-war period .

The basic argument of this tradition was that revolution was caused by the machinations of secret societies , who used their knowledge of occult forces to undermine authority and the stability of governments .
the basic argument of this tradition was that revolution was caused by the machinations of secret societies , who used their knowledge of occult forces to [weaken] authority and the stability of governments .

To Leese immigration and race-mixing was a jewish plot to undermine the British Empire , and to ensure that the ‘ poisoning of our Anglo-Saxon blood by this yellow negroid horde is proceeding a pace ’ .
to leese immigration and race-mixing was a jewish plot to [weaken] the british empire , and to ensure that the ‘ poisoning of our anglo-saxon blood by this yellow negroid horde is proceeding a pace ’ .

Contradictions which might seem likely to undermine the system have often the reverse effect .
contradictions which might seem likely to [weaken] the system have often the reverse effect .

In Indonesia , in October 1990 , post-graduate researcher Bonar Tigor Naipospos was sentenced to eight and a half years ' imprisonment because he ‘ attempted to undermine Indonesian state ideology ’ through participation in a university study group and distributing banned literature .
in indonesia , in october 1990 , post-graduate researcher bonar tigor naipospos was sentenced to eight and a half years ' imprisonment because he ‘ attempted to [weaken] indonesian state ideology ’ through participation in a university study group and distributing banned literature .

‘ Any change in routine could be enough to undermine Signorina Nilsen 's confidence .
‘ any change in routine could be enough to [weaken] signorina nilsen 's confidence .

In the first place , of course , the survival of autonomous and independently-minded political movements threatened his personal authority and could , in the long run , undermine his very position as Head of State .
in the first place , of course , the survival of autonomous and independently-minded political movements threatened his personal authority and could , in the long run , [weaken] his very position as head of state .

Undermine me .
[weaken] me .

The introduction of local income tax would allow local authorities to undermine the budgetary plans of the Chancellor of the Exchequer .
the introduction of local income tax would allow local authorities to [weaken] the budgetary plans of the chancellor of the exchequer .

Also the movement of people involved in wartime adjustments , the identification of the Conservatives with appeasement and the ‘ fair shares ’ aspect of rationing all helped to undermine laissez-faire doctrines .
also the movement of people involved in wartime adjustments , the identification of the conservatives with appeasement and the ‘ fair shares ’ aspect of rationing all helped to [weaken] laissez-faire doctrines .

Does social policy undermine economic growth ?
does social policy [weaken] economic growth ?

Public expenditure in general and social expenditure in particular are said to undermine economic growth in a variety of major and minor inter-related ways .
public expenditure in general and social expenditure in particular are said to [weaken] economic growth in a variety of major and minor inter-related ways .

All governments , to a lesser or greater extent , will also be anxious that the rates of taxation do not undermine work incentives .
all governments , to a lesser or greater extent , will also be anxious that the rates of taxation do not [weaken] work incentives .

Inevitably there are conflicts between these various functions : a highly progressive tax system may well undermine work effort among the small minority of large wealth-owners ; a strong anti-inflation policy may well mean high levels of taxation which can have effects — positive and negative — on work incentives ; and so on .
inevitably there are conflicts between these various functions : a highly progressive tax system may well [weaken] work effort among the small minority of large wealth-owners ; a strong anti-inflation policy may well mean high levels of taxation which can have effects — positive and negative — on work incentives ; and so on .

It creeps up insidiously ; it creeps up step by step ; and all of a sudden the unfortunate citizen realizes that [ freedom ] has gone … One asks whether we are now seeing tools being fashioned which by some future , perhaps less scrupulous , Government may be used to weaken the independent administration of justice and so undermine the rule of law .
it creeps up insidiously ; it creeps up step by step ; and all of a sudden the unfortunate citizen realizes that [ freedom ] has gone … one asks whether we are now seeing tools being fashioned which by some future , perhaps less scrupulous , government may be used to weaken the independent administration of justice and so [weaken] the rule of law .

Incidentally , this evidence also tends to undermine arguments that the music industry is in the grip of an increasing momentum towards outright monopoly .
incidentally , this evidence also tends to [weaken] arguments that the music industry is in the grip of an increasing momentum towards outright monopoly .

In the first place , the march of the multiples and diversification by travel operators themselves is likely to undermine the traditional relationships established between travel agents and operators .
in the first place , the march of the multiples and diversification by travel operators themselves is likely to [weaken] the traditional relationships established between travel agents and operators .

If new research demonstrates a hitherto unknown link between needs and an available indicator , equity demands a change to the system , but this serves to undermine stability to an extent .
if new research demonstrates a hitherto unknown link between needs and an available indicator , equity demands a change to the system , but this serves to [weaken] stability to an extent .

Yet wider cultural influences , many of them associated with the decline of the traditional rural way of life , are working to undermine the customary expectations of the farm worker — particularly when we consider this on an intergenerational basis-For example , a large majority of agricultural workers currently engaged by the industry are themselves the sons of farm workers — probably more than two-thirds .
yet wider cultural influences , many of them associated with the decline of the traditional rural way of life , are working to [weaken] the customary expectations of the farm worker — particularly when we consider this on an intergenerational basis-for example , a large majority of agricultural workers currently engaged by the industry are themselves the sons of farm workers — probably more than two-thirds .

Charity imagery , tales of tragedy or outstanding courage in the media , fairy tales and other children 's books loaded with disabled villains can all combine to undermine a view of ourselves as valid human beings .
charity imagery , tales of tragedy or outstanding courage in the media , fairy tales and other children 's books loaded with disabled villains can all combine to [weaken] a view of ourselves as valid human beings .

However , their presence may well undermine traditional professional values and beliefs , and there is little evidence that the senior members of these professions are actively seeking to recruit disabled people .
however , their presence may well [weaken] traditional professional values and beliefs , and there is little evidence that the senior members of these professions are actively seeking to recruit disabled people .

It is not the present intention to point to inconsistencies , in order to undermine the revolutionary claims .
it is not the present intention to point to inconsistencies , in order to [weaken] the revolutionary claims .

In that struggle capital 's antagonistic relation with labour , its need to cheapen wages and undermine labour organization , was probably a particularly important component .
in that struggle capital 's antagonistic relation with labour , its need to cheapen wages and [weaken] labour organization , was probably a particularly important component .

's explanation : no recognition , for instance , that ‘ labour availability ’ is not just a technical question , but that the search for cheaper labour and the desire to escape and undermine well-unionized workers is a reflection of the long antagonistic struggle between capital and labour .
's explanation : no recognition , for instance , that ‘ labour availability ’ is not just a technical question , but that the search for cheaper labour and the desire to escape and [weaken] well-unionized workers is a reflection of the long antagonistic struggle between capital and labour .

If other Victorian novelists do not set fire to their great houses with as much frequency as Dickens , they tend in other ways to undermine them , suggesting that they too perceive them , not merely as fabrics , but as expressions of an outmoded system .
if other victorian novelists do not set fire to their great houses with as much frequency as dickens , they tend in other ways to [weaken] them , suggesting that they too perceive them , not merely as fabrics , but as expressions of an outmoded system .

In a wide-ranging challenge to the opposition of multiculturalism to antiracism as an adequate framework for educational debate , Ali Rattansi argues that , in the wake of the Burnage Report , it is necessary to identify new priorities that undermine old certainties .
in a wide-ranging challenge to the opposition of multiculturalism to antiracism as an adequate framework for educational debate , ali rattansi argues that , in the wake of the burnage report , it is necessary to identify new priorities that [weaken] old certainties .

So here the use of quasi-official language to make a series of provocatively racist statements serves to undermine the credibility of the authorized version of ‘ community relations ’ by contrasting its unrealistic viewpoint with the putative realities of ‘ the job ’ .
so here the use of quasi-official language to make a series of provocatively racist statements serves to [weaken] the credibility of the authorized version of ‘ community relations ’ by contrasting its unrealistic viewpoint with the putative realities of ‘ the job ’ .

Their hatred of Wilson and their determination to undermine him had become legendary and earned him support in unexpected places .
their hatred of wilson and their determination to [weaken] him had become legendary and earned him support in unexpected places .

5 . What aspects of this narrative would add to , or undermine , your confidence in the writer ?
5 . what aspects of this narrative would add to , or [weaken] , your confidence in the writer ?

You may refer to the possibly loaded nature of the judgement in 4 ( a ) to undermine confidence .
you may refer to the possibly loaded nature of the judgement in 4 ( a ) to [weaken] confidence .

Exclusion of relevant evidence because of non-conformity to some legal rule can also undermine the factual quality of acquittals .
exclusion of relevant evidence because of non-conformity to some legal rule can also [weaken] the factual quality of acquittals .

But whatever choice is made , it should be borne in mind that prolonged performance in this office may undermine independence .
but whatever choice is made , it should be borne in mind that prolonged performance in this office may [weaken] independence .

It would be unthinkable for the Court of Appeal to undermine any ruling on a point of law determined by the House of Lords .
it would be unthinkable for the court of appeal to [weaken] any ruling on a point of law determined by the house of lords .

Such behaviour would be regarded as boastful and arrogant , and , since it reveals the ignorance of others , it would be interpreted as an attempt to undermine their confidence and shame them .
such behaviour would be regarded as boastful and arrogant , and , since it reveals the ignorance of others , it would be interpreted as an attempt to [weaken] their confidence and shame them .

In these circumstances they can not be seen to be sacrificing their independence for that would undermine their claims to being objective in taking decisions at work .
in these circumstances they can not be seen to be sacrificing their independence for that would [weaken] their claims to being objective in taking decisions at work .

They advance four main arguments to undermine the conclusions of Stewart et al .
they advance four main arguments to [weaken] the conclusions of stewart et al .

It is only under special sets of conditions that the anomalies can develop in such a way as to undermine confidence in the paradigm .
it is only under special sets of conditions that the anomalies can develop in such a way as to [weaken] confidence in the paradigm .

At the same time it is no less obvious that the very purpose of criticism levelled at those who have the conduct of public affairs by their political opponents is to undermine public confidence in their stewardship and to persuade the electorate that the opponents would make a better job of it than those presently holding office .
at the same time it is no less obvious that the very purpose of criticism levelled at those who have the conduct of public affairs by their political opponents is to [weaken] public confidence in their stewardship and to persuade the electorate that the opponents would make a better job of it than those presently holding office .

In the light of these considerations their Lordships can not help viewing a statutory provision which criminalises statements likely to undermine public confidence in the conduct of public affairs with the utmost suspicion .
in the light of these considerations their lordships can not help viewing a statutory provision which criminalises statements likely to [weaken] public confidence in the conduct of public affairs with the utmost suspicion .

Homogeneous ‘ simple labour ’ is not inexorably established as the norm for wage-labour in capitalist economies , and by the same token it is not inevitable that a uniform structure of division of labour within enterprises will progressively undermine any ties of social identification other than those of ‘ class ’ .
homogeneous ‘ simple labour ’ is not inexorably established as the norm for wage-labour in capitalist economies , and by the same token it is not inevitable that a uniform structure of division of labour within enterprises will progressively [weaken] any ties of social identification other than those of ‘ class ’ .

Surely we can maintain that the existence of social mobility does not undermine the Marxist critique of capitalism , without feeling obliged to insist that it is really of no consequence .
surely we can maintain that the existence of social mobility does not [weaken] the marxist critique of capitalism , without feeling obliged to insist that it is really of no consequence .

Equally , to sanction an attack upon noble landownership would have been to alienate and undermine the prime basis of support for autocracy .
equally , to sanction an attack upon noble landownership would have been to alienate and [weaken] the prime basis of support for autocracy .

Moreover , it was precisely his determination to uphold the status quo which had led the Tsar to frustrate Stolypin , undermine the authority of the premiership and dismantle collective cabinet responsibility .
moreover , it was precisely his determination to uphold the status quo which had led the tsar to frustrate stolypin , [weaken] the authority of the premiership and dismantle collective cabinet responsibility .

Yet the cumulative effect of the revolution of 1905 , mounting social tension and the clamour of public criticism had been precisely to undermine government confidence and authority .
yet the cumulative effect of the revolution of 1905 , mounting social tension and the clamour of public criticism had been precisely to [weaken] government confidence and authority .

Put together in the style of a documentary , the movie shadows Roberts on the campaign trail , showing us how shrewd media manipulation , slick presentation , and an appeal to the electorate 's baser instincts can undermine democracy .
put together in the style of a documentary , the movie shadows roberts on the campaign trail , showing us how shrewd media manipulation , slick presentation , and an appeal to the electorate 's baser instincts can [weaken] democracy .

But much of it has been regarded as stemming from forces eager to interfere with and undermine the free economy , shifting the locus of decision from the market place and into the political arena .
but much of it has been regarded as stemming from forces eager to interfere with and [weaken] the free economy , shifting the locus of decision from the market place and into the political arena .

Government intervention has been prompted , therefore , by a desire to save capitalism , not from a desire to undermine it .
government intervention has been prompted , therefore , by a desire to save capitalism , not from a desire to [weaken] it .

In British local government the committee system provides scope for the wider use of elected representatives in an administrator-dominated context , though here such involvement may further undermine representative government since it will depend primarily upon personal characteristics .
in british local government the committee system provides scope for the wider use of elected representatives in an administrator-dominated context , though here such involvement may further [weaken] representative government since it will depend primarily upon personal characteristics .

Pressman and Wildavsky have made a tentative attempt to draw attention to what may loosely be described as the mathematics of implementations the way in which the mere quantity of agreements necessary may , even when all parties are committed to a policy , undermine or delay effective action .
pressman and wildavsky have made a tentative attempt to draw attention to what may loosely be described as the mathematics of implementations the way in which the mere quantity of agreements necessary may , even when all parties are committed to a policy , [weaken] or delay effective action .

Moreover , there was some evidence of a feeling in the country that the state must not too readily take on the care of children lest it undermine the responsibilities of parents .
moreover , there was some evidence of a feeling in the country that the state must not too readily take on the care of children lest it [weaken] the responsibilities of parents .

Such a mental health ‘ sus law , ’ invoked on the basis of unreliable predictions of dangerousness , will bring psychiatric practice closer to policing and will undermine the attempts to achieve cure or care , both in hospitals and community settings .
such a mental health ‘ sus law , ’ invoked on the basis of unreliable predictions of dangerousness , will bring psychiatric practice closer to policing and will [weaken] the attempts to achieve cure or care , both in hospitals and community settings .

Secondly , asking relatives for help can undermine the moral base on which relations with kin are built .
secondly , asking relatives for help can [weaken] the moral base on which relations with kin are built .

Receiving such help can undermine further an already-fragile self-esteem . An Asian single parent interviewed in Cohen and Sadiq 's study conveyed the sense of distress felt about having to turn to relatives for financial help :
receiving such help can [weaken] further an already-fragile self-esteem . an asian single parent interviewed in cohen and sadiq 's study conveyed the sense of distress felt about having to turn to relatives for financial help :

These restrictions limit your ability to get information out to all the people working on your project , and undermine the program as a whole .
these restrictions limit your ability to get information out to all the people working on your project , and [weaken] the program as a whole .

This conflict of interest may undermine our patients ' trust that our decisions on whether or not to treat , investigate , or refer are based solely on their needs rather than on what the fund can afford .
this conflict of interest may [weaken] our patients ' trust that our decisions on whether or not to treat , investigate , or refer are based solely on their needs rather than on what the fund can afford .

Editor , — Minerva 's statement that ‘ Most children with suspected acute bacterial meningitis have no contraindications to lumbar puncture , which should be done promptly before treatment is started with intravenous antibiotics , ’ may undermine the advice given by the chief medical officer in 1988 in relation to meningococcal infection .
editor , — minerva 's statement that ‘ most children with suspected acute bacterial meningitis have no contraindications to lumbar puncture , which should be done promptly before treatment is started with intravenous antibiotics , ’ may [weaken] the advice given by the chief medical officer in 1988 in relation to meningococcal infection .

The ebullience with which Nizan highlighted the disenchantment of Hitler 's own petty bourgeois supporters confronted by impending economic ruin , the logical outcome of a Nazi political dictatorship , was tempered only by an awareness that such economic ruin might ultimately only be avoided by a massive rearmament programme and a policy of fascist colonial expansion that would seriously undermine international security .
the ebullience with which nizan highlighted the disenchantment of hitler 's own petty bourgeois supporters confronted by impending economic ruin , the logical outcome of a nazi political dictatorship , was tempered only by an awareness that such economic ruin might ultimately only be avoided by a massive rearmament programme and a policy of fascist colonial expansion that would seriously [weaken] international security .

Spreading the benefits too thinly , however , might undermine the viability of the most needy practices .
spreading the benefits too thinly , however , might [weaken] the viability of the most needy practices .

Ironically , in the same way that the denial of the risk of harm associated with a possible preventive measure undermines the basis for performing a randomised trial designed to investigate the efficacy of that measure , the exaggeration of the risk of harm tends to undermine public health measures designed to introduce the preventive measure if it is shown to be effective .
ironically , in the same way that the denial of the risk of harm associated with a possible preventive measure undermines the basis for performing a randomised trial designed to investigate the efficacy of that measure , the exaggeration of the risk of harm tends to [weaken] public health measures designed to introduce the preventive measure if it is shown to be effective .

To do so will not , of course , make any of the problems go away ; what it will do , however , is to shift the emphasis of our work so that the problems no longer undermine its effectiveness , indeed they become part of the raw material of our work .
to do so will not , of course , make any of the problems go away ; what it will do , however , is to shift the emphasis of our work so that the problems no longer [weaken] its effectiveness , indeed they become part of the raw material of our work .

The perlocution : to undermine the sergeant 's authority , or to be cheeky , or to escape the duty of cleaning the boots .
the perlocution : to [weaken] the sergeant 's authority , or to be cheeky , or to escape the duty of cleaning the boots .

The ad may alter or undermine an unfavourable attitude or group of attitudes to the brand ( which may have been based on ignorance or emotion … ) .
the ad may alter or [weaken] an unfavourable attitude or group of attitudes to the brand ( which may have been based on ignorance or emotion … ) .

McLaren 's abiding fears that Virgin were working to undermine his influence on the group had some substance .
mclaren 's abiding fears that virgin were working to [weaken] his influence on the group had some substance .

Now , as they say , we come to the pay-off , which manages to undermine everything the copywriter has worked so hard to establish .
now , as they say , we come to the pay-off , which manages to [weaken] everything the copywriter has worked so hard to establish .

The Labour and Conservative Parties who benefit from the present system have set their teeth against a change which would undermine their prospect of regularly forming a government on their own .
the labour and conservative parties who benefit from the present system have set their teeth against a change which would [weaken] their prospect of regularly forming a government on their own .

It is of interest to note that in seeking to systematize referral procedures Owen has begun to undermine the principle of flexibility which was one of the advantages such provision was thought to have over special schools .
it is of interest to note that in seeking to systematize referral procedures owen has begun to [weaken] the principle of flexibility which was one of the advantages such provision was thought to have over special schools .

The politics of law and order and the demands for ‘ standards , ’ whatever that means , are consistently presented in ways which undermine the capacity of schools to tolerate any forms of deviance .
the politics of law and order and the demands for ‘ standards , ’ whatever that means , are consistently presented in ways which [weaken] the capacity of schools to tolerate any forms of deviance .

The Mother 's Defence League , organised during the 1920s , opposed all intervention in the working class home on the grounds that it threatened to undermine the working class wife 's responsibility for the welfare of her family and reduce her to a servant and drudge .
the mother 's defence league , organised during the 1920s , opposed all intervention in the working class home on the grounds that it threatened to [weaken] the working class wife 's responsibility for the welfare of her family and reduce her to a servant and drudge .

Anna Martin described the resistance of working class wives she knew to school meals , which they felt would undermine both their husbands ' obligation to provide and their own role within the home .
anna martin described the resistance of working class wives she knew to school meals , which they felt would [weaken] both their husbands ' obligation to provide and their own role within the home .

Each of them knows perfectly well that the strength of her position in the home lies in the physical dependence of her husband and children upon her and she is suspicious of anything that would tend to undermine this .
each of them knows perfectly well that the strength of her position in the home lies in the physical dependence of her husband and children upon her and she is suspicious of anything that would tend to [weaken] this .

Sometimes performance measures obscure , or even undermine , policy objectives .
sometimes performance measures obscure , or even [weaken] , policy objectives .

The government anticipated a financial saving of at least –120m a year with abolition , but denied that the change would undermine local democracy .
the government anticipated a financial saving of at least –120m a year with abolition , but denied that the change would [weaken] local democracy .

While the Thatcher government has had a major policy aim of controlling public expenditure and has used the block-grant regime and rate-capping to that end , centrally imposed financial controls not only infringe the rights of elected councillors to determine local spending needs and priorities but also undermine accountability to local ratepayers .
while the thatcher government has had a major policy aim of controlling public expenditure and has used the block-grant regime and rate-capping to that end , centrally imposed financial controls not only infringe the rights of elected councillors to determine local spending needs and priorities but also [weaken] accountability to local ratepayers .

Corruption , public relations and lobbying work debase Congress and undermine its right to be seen as a legitimate institution representing the American people .
corruption , public relations and lobbying work debase congress and [weaken] its right to be seen as a legitimate institution representing the american people .

These two developments are for Marxists contradictory since they ultimately undermine capitalism in the form of crises of legitimacy and fiscal insolvency .
these two developments are for marxists contradictory since they ultimately [weaken] capitalism in the form of crises of legitimacy and fiscal insolvency .

The only effective options for the state are to reduce concessions to the working class or increase taxation further ; the first solution would undermine state legitimacy and the second creates an unresolvable crisis of legitimacy .
the only effective options for the state are to reduce concessions to the working class or increase taxation further ; the first solution would [weaken] state legitimacy and the second creates an unresolvable crisis of legitimacy .

One of the main reasons for the Soviet failure to undermine Latin American reliance on Western imports is that Soviet industrial machinery and equipment is widely considered to be inferior in quality to its capitalist produced counterparts .
one of the main reasons for the soviet failure to [weaken] latin american reliance on western imports is that soviet industrial machinery and equipment is widely considered to be inferior in quality to its capitalist produced counterparts .

Under such circumstances , permissive legal structures have enabled governments or private employers to resort to strike-breaking tactics involving the police or military to prevent or undermine trade union organisation .
under such circumstances , permissive legal structures have enabled governments or private employers to resort to strike-breaking tactics involving the police or military to prevent or [weaken] trade union organisation .

This legislation is designed not only to counteract the violence by harsh , emergency measures , but also to undermine the political nature of the violence by characterising it as mere criminality ; the hope being that it will diminish the level of public support for those involved . ( Walsh , 1984:335 )
this legislation is designed not only to counteract the violence by harsh , emergency measures , but also to [weaken] the political nature of the violence by characterising it as mere criminality ; the hope being that it will diminish the level of public support for those involved . ( walsh , 1984:335 )

Green is one of several authors who maintain that media coverage of the strike attempted to denigrate and undermine the miners ’ case against the government .
green is one of several authors who maintain that media coverage of the strike attempted to denigrate and [weaken] the miners ’ case against the government .

Out reveals the coercive aspect of the colonizing use of metaphor and stages subversive counter-strategies which undermine this use .
out reveals the coercive aspect of the colonizing use of metaphor and stages subversive counter-strategies which [weaken] this use .

It can therefore not be articulated on its own ; it must be spoken through the language of the symbolic , just as in Bakhtin 's ‘ dialogic ’ conception of parody one voice speaks through another which it seeks to undermine .
it can therefore not be articulated on its own ; it must be spoken through the language of the symbolic , just as in bakhtin 's ‘ dialogic ’ conception of parody one voice speaks through another which it seeks to [weaken] .

According to this scenario , the maintenance of oppositional structures is constantly being protected by the masculine aspect , while its feminine counterpart strives to undermine them , and even to undermine this constitutive definition itself by the use of reversible structures echoed in the novel 's metaphoric construction .
according to this scenario , the maintenance of oppositional structures is constantly being protected by the masculine aspect , while its feminine counterpart strives to [weaken] them , and even to [weaken] this constitutive definition itself by the use of reversible structures echoed in the novel 's metaphoric construction .

The liminal position of the female voice with regard to the texts she translates provides an illustration of this ‘ female ’ tendency to undermine distinctions .
the liminal position of the female voice with regard to the texts she translates provides an illustration of this ‘ female ’ tendency to [weaken] distinctions .

Irigaray 's strategy of mimétisme makes use of Lacanian conceptual tools simultaneously to appropriate and to undermine discursive authority ( including that of Lacan himself ) .
irigaray 's strategy of mimétisme makes use of lacanian conceptual tools simultaneously to appropriate and to [weaken] discursive authority ( including that of lacan himself ) .

By fusing news broadcasts with traditional novelistic tropes , she foregrounds the conventionality of both discursive genres and points to the fact that they both rely on an assumption of verisimilitude which her flagrant transgressions of narrative ontology undermine .
by fusing news broadcasts with traditional novelistic tropes , she foregrounds the conventionality of both discursive genres and points to the fact that they both rely on an assumption of verisimilitude which her flagrant transgressions of narrative ontology [weaken] .

Of course opting-out is a nonsense which will undermine rather than reinforce the Government 's professed ambition to raise standards in schools .
of course opting-out is a nonsense which will [weaken] rather than reinforce the government 's professed ambition to raise standards in schools .

These policies , socially and economically crippling to Arab societies , will be enthusiastically continued in another arms race started in the name of the very regional ‘ stability ’ they will necessarily undermine .
these policies , socially and economically crippling to arab societies , will be enthusiastically continued in another arms race started in the name of the very regional ‘ stability ’ they will necessarily [weaken] .

Much of the book then proceeds to detail the new forms of economic power , from the Yakuza to the electronic networks which undermine the power both of the state and the banks .
much of the book then proceeds to detail the new forms of economic power , from the yakuza to the electronic networks which [weaken] the power both of the state and the banks .

The most disturbing aspect of stress is its tendency to undermine the body 's normal capacity for rest , thus hastening ageing , yet without initially producing any dramatic symptoms .
the most disturbing aspect of stress is its tendency to [weaken] the body 's normal capacity for rest , thus hastening ageing , yet without initially producing any dramatic symptoms .

Campaigners against the regulations were working to undermine the time-honoured alliance between medicine and morality but the healer who deployed his art ‘ honourably and fully ’ could never be in antagonism with divine law.It was believed that the curative functions of medicine provided their own moral guarantee .
campaigners against the regulations were working to [weaken] the time-honoured alliance between medicine and morality but the healer who deployed his art ‘ honourably and fully ’ could never be in antagonism with divine law.it was believed that the curative functions of medicine provided their own moral guarantee .

Opponents of this interpretation had to stress the discontinuity of the development in order to undermine the plausibility of evolutionism .
opponents of this interpretation had to stress the discontinuity of the development in order to [weaken] the plausibility of evolutionism .

If time began to undermine her confidence in such an outcome , it would be different .
if time began to [weaken] her confidence in such an outcome , it would be different .

Their object was to undermine society , the Church in particular .
their object was to [weaken] society , the church in particular .

There is a danger that staff experts may , intentionally or not , undermine the authority of line managers .
there is a danger that staff experts may , intentionally or not , [weaken] the authority of line managers .

Whetstone , a rash and much younger man , proved contemptuous of the admiral 's authority and used his political connections to undermine it .
whetstone , a rash and much younger man , proved contemptuous of the admiral 's authority and used his political connections to [weaken] it .

, on behalf of the generals in England , perhaps in reality — so it was alleged — to try to undermine the loyalty of Monck 's army to their commander .
, on behalf of the generals in england , perhaps in reality — so it was alleged — to try to [weaken] the loyalty of monck 's army to their commander .

Although a believer in raj paternalism , Havell 's aesthetically radical , anti-Renaissance , arts and crafts tenets , and his synthetic vision of architecture as unifying all the different traditional arts of India , helped undermine the primacy of salon art in India , hitherto identified as one of the triumphs of the raj westernization of the subcontinent .
although a believer in raj paternalism , havell 's aesthetically radical , anti-renaissance , arts and crafts tenets , and his synthetic vision of architecture as unifying all the different traditional arts of india , helped [weaken] the primacy of salon art in india , hitherto identified as one of the triumphs of the raj westernization of the subcontinent .

Certainly Hodgskin used elements from Ricardian economics , but only as tools with which to undermine the Ricardian edifice .
certainly hodgskin used elements from ricardian economics , but only as tools with which to [weaken] the ricardian edifice .

Finally , such approaches are , again , inherently conservative in that they underpin the prevailing common sense about the nature and causes of unemployment , they foreclose discussion on any alternative analyses , and they integrate and undermine potentially ‘ deviant ’ political stances amongst the unemployed .
finally , such approaches are , again , inherently conservative in that they underpin the prevailing common sense about the nature and causes of unemployment , they foreclose discussion on any alternative analyses , and they integrate and [weaken] potentially ‘ deviant ’ political stances amongst the unemployed .

Weeping willow roots undermine the foundations of concrete pools and their leaves pollute the water with a toxic chemical akin to aspirin .
weeping willow roots [weaken] the foundations of concrete pools and their leaves pollute the water with a toxic chemical akin to aspirin .

In Britain ‘ subversive activities ’ are defined as ‘ those which threaten the safety or well being of the State , and which are intended to undermine or overthrow Parliamentary democracy by political , industrial or violent means ’ ( Home Office , 1984 ) .
in britain ‘ subversive activities ’ are defined as ‘ those which threaten the safety or well being of the state , and which are intended to [weaken] or overthrow parliamentary democracy by political , industrial or violent means ’ ( home office , 1984 ) .

Soviet writers claimed that the Western states were employing a whole range of devices to undermine the neutralism or proclaimed neutrality of the new states .
soviet writers claimed that the western states were employing a whole range of devices to [weaken] the neutralism or proclaimed neutrality of the new states .

Indeed , Moscow entertained some hopes that the growth in interest in non-alignment in Latin America , a phenomenon which had induced Soviet writers in the mid 1970s to talk of a ‘ Latin American stage ’ of the Non-Aligned Movement , could weaken or even undermine the military treaty system which bound this continent to the United States .
indeed , moscow entertained some hopes that the growth in interest in non-alignment in latin america , a phenomenon which had induced soviet writers in the mid 1970s to talk of a ‘ latin american stage ’ of the non-aligned movement , could weaken or even [weaken] the military treaty system which bound this continent to the united states .

In the 1970s Soviet leaders publicly denounced Western military bases in the Mediterranean , although this tended to undermine the legitimacy of their own military presence in Egypt .
in the 1970s soviet leaders publicly denounced western military bases in the mediterranean , although this tended to [weaken] the legitimacy of their own military presence in egypt .

informal group norms would develop which could undermine formal working relations . The researchers found that the workforce would work more easily with one supervisor rather than another ;
informal group norms would develop which could [weaken] formal working relations . the researchers found that the workforce would work more easily with one supervisor rather than another ;

Ultimately the attempt to undermine the power of the Prime Minister can be portrayed as an attempt to undermine the whole system of parliamentary democracy as we know it and this will not even be considered .
ultimately the attempt to [weaken] the power of the prime minister can be portrayed as an attempt to [weaken] the whole system of parliamentary democracy as we know it and this will not even be considered .

Did this modernism , in Jürgen Habermas 's terms , deepen and extend the rationalist Enlightenment project , or did it undermine that project ?
did this modernism , in jürgen habermas 's terms , deepen and extend the rationalist enlightenment project , or did it [weaken] that project ?

But although the Criminal Law Revision Committee has declared its support for the present age of consent , its proposals concerning the mental element in sections 5 and 6 can serve only to undermine it .
but although the criminal law revision committee has declared its support for the present age of consent , its proposals concerning the mental element in sections 5 and 6 can serve only to [weaken] it .

In the name of tidiness and uniformity , the Criminal Law Revision Committee is proposing to introduce defences which can only undermine the protection which the law gives to under-age girls .
in the name of tidiness and uniformity , the criminal law revision committee is proposing to introduce defences which can only [weaken] the protection which the law gives to under-age girls .

As you thought , Mrs. Jack has not been able to state openly that a parent can withdraw a child if they so wish as it would be seen , like Tayside , to undermine ‘ the consensual approach ’ .
as you thought , mrs. jack has not been able to state openly that a parent can withdraw a child if they so wish as it would be seen , like tayside , to [weaken] ‘ the consensual approach ’ .

The proposals will seriously undermine Edinburgh 's position in Europe , ’ he added .
the proposals will seriously [weaken] edinburgh 's position in europe , ’ he added .

They will undermine all the planning which has ensured that the integration of the city and the rest of the region was the basis of Lothian 's economic success .
they will [weaken] all the planning which has ensured that the integration of the city and the rest of the region was the basis of lothian 's economic success .

The proposals will seriously undermine Edinburgh 's position in Europe ’ , he added .
the proposals will seriously [weaken] edinburgh 's position in europe ’ , he added .

However , attempts to undermine this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas permitting increasing numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .
however , attempts to [weaken] this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas permitting increasing numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .

We are concerned that the emphasis on speed of decision-making should not undermine quality .
we are concerned that the emphasis on speed of decision-making should not [weaken] quality .

Lax local authority policies and the undermining of policies of restraint on appeal , severely undermine processes of urban regeneration .
lax local authority policies and the undermining of policies of restraint on appeal , severely [weaken] processes of urban regeneration .

In looking for the means to undermine Chomsky 's position , generative semanticists were then attracted to a considerable body of philosophical thought devoted to showing the importance of the uses of language to an understanding of its nature ( work by Austin , Strawson , Grice and Searle in particular ) .
in looking for the means to [weaken] chomsky 's position , generative semanticists were then attracted to a considerable body of philosophical thought devoted to showing the importance of the uses of language to an understanding of its nature ( work by austin , strawson , grice and searle in particular ) .

enhance or undermine individual autonomy ?
enhance or [weaken] individual autonomy ?

More significantly , Anderson 's hesitancies undermine his attempts to assert himself in the situation .
more significantly , anderson 's hesitancies [weaken] his attempts to assert himself in the situation .

— but if she kept calm like this she could undermine him just as he had tried to undermine her .
— but if she kept calm like this she could [weaken] him just as he had tried to [weaken] her .

Those selecting software in schools have to ask whether software is likely to change or undermine the current curriculum .
those selecting software in schools have to ask whether software is likely to change or [weaken] the current curriculum .

Factories were also started , primarily to meet military requirements ; but while export crops , especially cotton , were to expand unchecked , competition from European manufacturers , permitted under the Ottoman capitulations , was to undermine this nascent attempt at industrialisation .
factories were also started , primarily to meet military requirements ; but while export crops , especially cotton , were to expand unchecked , competition from european manufacturers , permitted under the ottoman capitulations , was to [weaken] this nascent attempt at industrialisation .

And it seems that the biological state of an individual can undermine his perception of being able to cope — his level of fatigue , state of exhaustion or physical illness .
and it seems that the biological state of an individual can [weaken] his perception of being able to cope — his level of fatigue , state of exhaustion or physical illness .

Secondly , the unique position of the sole practitioner in the network of legal services countrywide was often invoked to dampen enthusiasm for the imposition of restrictions on sole practice that might undermine its commercial viability .
secondly , the unique position of the sole practitioner in the network of legal services countrywide was often invoked to dampen enthusiasm for the imposition of restrictions on sole practice that might [weaken] its commercial viability .

if the government and public undermine the professional status of solicitors , they should not have the benefit of the Compensation Fund .
if the government and public [weaken] the professional status of solicitors , they should not have the benefit of the compensation fund .

On Mon , 17 Jan 1994 wrote : after match phone in on Radio Leeds . Did anybody actually listen to the programme ? ? Perhaps my attempts to undermine the managers credibility are coming to fruition at last : - ) ) )
on mon , 17 jan 1994 wrote : after match phone in on radio leeds . did anybody actually listen to the programme ? ? perhaps my attempts to [weaken] the managers credibility are coming to fruition at last : - ) ) )

Charity knew that to protest any more would only undermine her credibility .
charity knew that to protest any more would only [weaken] her credibility .

Nevertheless , capitalism could not but undermine the agrarian bases of political stability , especially on the margins of , or within the dependent periphery of , the developed west .
nevertheless , capitalism could not but [weaken] the agrarian bases of political stability , especially on the margins of , or within the dependent periphery of , the developed west .

The purchaser should be careful to ensure that the disclosures do not wholly undermine the warranties .
the purchaser should be careful to ensure that the disclosures do not wholly [weaken] the warranties .

Underground flooding was threatening to undermine Moscow , while inadequate storage of radioactive waste could lead to a catastrophe exceeding the scale of Chernobyl if it leaked into the Caspian Sea .
underground flooding was threatening to [weaken] moscow , while inadequate storage of radioactive waste could lead to a catastrophe exceeding the scale of chernobyl if it leaked into the caspian sea .

Cheaply produced coal from Colombia is one of the main sources of imports which are helping to undermine the competitiveness of domestically produced coal in Britain .
cheaply produced coal from colombia is one of the main sources of imports which are helping to [weaken] the competitiveness of domestically produced coal in britain .

This ambiguity of voices co-operates with the rhetoric of textual autonomy whereby texts are seen to undermine themselves without intervention .
this ambiguity of voices co-operates with the rhetoric of textual autonomy whereby texts are seen to [weaken] themselves without intervention .

While little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural components are required for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to attempt alternatives is to undermine the force of the predictions .
while little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural components are required for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to attempt alternatives is to [weaken] the force of the predictions .

They realize , as feminists , the extent to which this Christian story has hurt women , indeed how far the fact that God has been seen as ‘ male ’ in the west has served to undermine a sense of women as also made in the image of God .
they realize , as feminists , the extent to which this christian story has hurt women , indeed how far the fact that god has been seen as ‘ male ’ in the west has served to [weaken] a sense of women as also made in the image of god .

This was particularly true in areas like West Belfast where the government was anxious to undermine the vote for Sinn Féin .
this was particularly true in areas like west belfast where the government was anxious to [weaken] the vote for sinn féin .

Only after ‘ tedious battering the top thereof with pick-axes ’ did they eventually undermine two of its six sides bringing them down and leaving the tower in the state in which it is today .
only after ‘ tedious battering the top thereof with pick-axes ’ did they eventually [weaken] two of its six sides bringing them down and leaving the tower in the state in which it is today .

Territorial exceptions are not the only provisions of the Vienna Convention on Succession to undermine the uncompromising tone of Article 16 .
territorial exceptions are not the only provisions of the vienna convention on succession to [weaken] the uncompromising tone of article 16 .

Such duplication could cause juristic confusion and undermine the very values intended to be protected .
such duplication could cause juristic confusion and [weaken] the very values intended to be protected .

Individuals have no standing to prevent or interfere with the executive 's exercise of this power , as it would undermine the overall control of foreign policy .
individuals have no standing to prevent or interfere with the executive 's exercise of this power , as it would [weaken] the overall control of foreign policy .

The courts have been reluctant to undermine this power , typically either holding the claim non-justiciable as concerning a political question , or evading the issue by deciding the case on a narrower point .
the courts have been reluctant to [weaken] this power , typically either holding the claim non-justiciable as concerning a political question , or evading the issue by deciding the case on a narrower point .

The objectives were to hit the main source of supplies to the Vietcong and to undermine the morale of the North Vietnamese people .
the objectives were to hit the main source of supplies to the vietcong and to [weaken] the morale of the north vietnamese people .

Although these considerations make us wary of interpreting fig 4.1 too literally , they do not undermine its value as a representation of the essential core of language , and as a starting point for stylistics .
although these considerations make us wary of interpreting fig 4.1 too literally , they do not [weaken] its value as a representation of the essential core of language , and as a starting point for stylistics .

Facts command authority while opinions undermine it .
facts command authority while opinions [weaken] it .

Too many negotiations fail because senior people undermine their negotiators by not backing a predetermined final position .
too many negotiations fail because senior people [weaken] their negotiators by not backing a predetermined final position .

Nor is he paranoic about the union trying to undermine his position or score `` victories `` over him .
nor is he paranoic about the union trying to [weaken] his position or score `` victories `` over him .

After this encounter Einstein gave up his specific attempts to undermine the uncertainty principle .
after this encounter einstein gave up his specific attempts to [weaken] the uncertainty principle .

However , responses to Newbolt were to become the focus of the first major ideological rift within the class-based cultural movement , a rift which was to undermine the strategy proposed in the Report and usher in an era in which English would be constituted in much more limited cultural terms .
however , responses to newbolt were to become the focus of the first major ideological rift within the class-based cultural movement , a rift which was to [weaken] the strategy proposed in the report and usher in an era in which english would be constituted in much more limited cultural terms .

Apart from the threats posed to the spiritual continuum , and the discourse on professional humane scholarship by excessive specialization , certain other tendencies could serve to undermine the synthetic unity of inter-war English studies .
apart from the threats posed to the spiritual continuum , and the discourse on professional humane scholarship by excessive specialization , certain other tendencies could serve to [weaken] the synthetic unity of inter-war english studies .

Proof that fake Dalís are circulating and fears of further problems could continue to undermine confidence in this market .
proof that fake dalís are circulating and fears of further problems could continue to [weaken] confidence in this market .

Political constraint is one of the problems that undermine the capacity of the mass media to appropriately and effectively fulfill their function of building democratic societies and protecting and defending human rights in Africa . Therefore , we call for :
political constraint is one of the problems that [weaken] the capacity of the mass media to appropriately and effectively fulfill their function of building democratic societies and protecting and defending human rights in africa . therefore , we call for :

Heavy chemical washes , however , particularly those which dramatically reduce the tonal intensity of the colours or introduce a high-gloss sheen , can seriously weaken the fabric and undermine the durability of the rug .
heavy chemical washes , however , particularly those which dramatically reduce the tonal intensity of the colours or introduce a high-gloss sheen , can seriously weaken the fabric and [weaken] the durability of the rug .

Evidence such as this serves to undermine the apparently monolithic edifice of Victorianism .
evidence such as this serves to [weaken] the apparently monolithic edifice of victorianism .

As Japan 's interests in China and Manchuria became more embedded , internal strife and growing nationalist sentiment there increasingly threatened to undermine them .
as japan 's interests in china and manchuria became more embedded , internal strife and growing nationalist sentiment there increasingly threatened to [weaken] them .

Even before the Occupation legislation , the rapid industrialization of the 1930s threatened to undermine the position of the ie and the authority of the household head .
even before the occupation legislation , the rapid industrialization of the 1930s threatened to [weaken] the position of the ie and the authority of the household head .

They had a generally depressive effect on domestic rice prices , and threatened to undermine the prosperity of the majority of domestic farmers for whom rice was still a staple crop .
they had a generally depressive effect on domestic rice prices , and threatened to [weaken] the prosperity of the majority of domestic farmers for whom rice was still a staple crop .

Where , for instance , the characteristics which he attributes to oral communication persist in a society with literacy , and would thus appear to undermine the case for the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of literacy , Goody draws a further distinction which enables him to maintain the purity of his ideal model .
where , for instance , the characteristics which he attributes to oral communication persist in a society with literacy , and would thus appear to [weaken] the case for the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of literacy , goody draws a further distinction which enables him to maintain the purity of his ideal model .

Pragmatism here underestimated the strength of the social and economic forces that might work to distort and undermine this ideal .
pragmatism here underestimated the strength of the social and economic forces that might work to distort and [weaken] this ideal .

To be clinically useful , observations must be simple enough to be made by multiple carers on a psychiatric ward ; excessive simplicity , however , may undermine their value .
to be clinically useful , observations must be simple enough to be made by multiple carers on a psychiatric ward ; excessive simplicity , however , may [weaken] their value .

Cochrane 's criticism of the impact of health care has had a lasting influence and is often used to undermine health services .
cochrane 's criticism of the impact of health care has had a lasting influence and is often used to [weaken] health services .

Astute politicians do not go off half cocked : they test the water , collect their facts , identify the support systems , undermine the opposition 's case , find the coalitions , understand the ‘ influencers ’ or the roles that carry weight .
astute politicians do not go off half cocked : they test the water , collect their facts , identify the support systems , [weaken] the opposition 's case , find the coalitions , understand the ‘ influencers ’ or the roles that carry weight .

That vast organization is as amorphous and as difficult to impose discipline on as the legislature ; from the most senior to some quite junior levels , there are many opportunities for bureaucrats to undermine and defeat a president 's purposes .
that vast organization is as amorphous and as difficult to impose discipline on as the legislature ; from the most senior to some quite junior levels , there are many opportunities for bureaucrats to [weaken] and defeat a president 's purposes .

We have stressed the paramount importance of pupil activity and the designer must guard against the danger that the sophisticated graphics possibilities of the micro may actually undermine the development of the pupils ' skills in drawing and interpreting graphs and other diagrams .
we have stressed the paramount importance of pupil activity and the designer must guard against the danger that the sophisticated graphics possibilities of the micro may actually [weaken] the development of the pupils ' skills in drawing and interpreting graphs and other diagrams .

Examinations should enable candidates to demonstrate what they can do , and should not undermine the confidence of those who attempt them .
examinations should enable candidates to demonstrate what they can do , and should not [weaken] the confidence of those who attempt them .

This is not intended to undermine the safeguard they provide but to take into account the practical difficulties of implementation .
this is not intended to [weaken] the safeguard they provide but to take into account the practical difficulties of implementation .

Failure to optimise the level of support to the caring team will undermine efforts to distribute annual leave evenly among nurses .
failure to optimise the level of support to the caring team will [weaken] efforts to distribute annual leave evenly among nurses .

The leadership sees it as unnecessary , for the poll tax will harvest the votes in any case ( a dangerously complacent assumption ) , and as undesirable , for it would undermine their parliamentary paternalism .
the leadership sees it as unnecessary , for the poll tax will harvest the votes in any case ( a dangerously complacent assumption ) , and as undesirable , for it would [weaken] their parliamentary paternalism .

Yet only in one item , The Fair Field , does that undermine the necessary bite of the music .
yet only in one item , the fair field , does that [weaken] the necessary bite of the music .

Although the negotiation of rules is a constant process , this does not completely undermine the power of socialisation .
although the negotiation of rules is a constant process , this does not completely [weaken] the power of socialisation .

The rebuff did much to undermine his enthusiasm for the Conservative party .
the rebuff did much to [weaken] his enthusiasm for the conservative party .

Though he was to fail in his exploitation of this , it was not for want of seeking to undermine national self-confidence through sardonic innuendo or weaken the will to resist by boasts of the invincible military initiative now held by the Wehrmacht .
though he was to fail in his exploitation of this , it was not for want of seeking to [weaken] national self-confidence through sardonic innuendo or weaken the will to resist by boasts of the invincible military initiative now held by the wehrmacht .

Despite the divisions the omens were encouraging , for the communists of all factions had striven to undermine Japanese rule and had not compromised with Japan , as had so many of the conservative nationalists with the exception of Syngman Rhee and Kim Ku .
despite the divisions the omens were encouraging , for the communists of all factions had striven to [weaken] japanese rule and had not compromised with japan , as had so many of the conservative nationalists with the exception of syngman rhee and kim ku .

The American delegation refused to accept the Soviet proposals and thus undermine the Moscow agreement to which the United States was a signatory .
the american delegation refused to accept the soviet proposals and thus [weaken] the moscow agreement to which the united states was a signatory .

The recession will limit his capacity to spend more on health and education and fatally undermine his claim to be concerned about these issues .
the recession will limit his capacity to spend more on health and education and fatally [weaken] his claim to be concerned about these issues .

Propaganda could be used to undermine their subjects ' faith in their legitimacy , while a war of successful raids ( or chevauchèes ) might shake that confidence yet further by showing that , as kings , they lacked the power to fulfil one of their prime roles , the defence of their people against the English .
propaganda could be used to [weaken] their subjects ' faith in their legitimacy , while a war of successful raids ( or chevauchèes ) might shake that confidence yet further by showing that , as kings , they lacked the power to fulfil one of their prime roles , the defence of their people against the english .

the extent to which non-compliance with the request would undermine important interests of the United States , or compliance with the request would undermine important interests of the state where the information is located .
the extent to which non-compliance with the request would [weaken] important interests of the united states , or compliance with the request would [weaken] important interests of the state where the information is located .

Society has an interest in protecting itself from activities which threaten to undermine the harmony within it .
society has an interest in protecting itself from activities which threaten to [weaken] the harmony within it .

Placing Irigaray 's work in the context of Freudian and post-Freudian theory , Whitford suggests that Irigaray 's apparently very traditional and essentialist use of symbolism has a strategic function , like that of Derrida 's analyses , designed to draw attention to the underpinnings of Western metaphysics , in order to undermine them .
placing irigaray 's work in the context of freudian and post-freudian theory , whitford suggests that irigaray 's apparently very traditional and essentialist use of symbolism has a strategic function , like that of derrida 's analyses , designed to draw attention to the underpinnings of western metaphysics , in order to [weaken] them .

This will effect a displacement or dissolution of self-respect and will undermine the victim 's intolerance of coercion .
this will effect a displacement or dissolution of self-respect and will [weaken] the victim 's intolerance of coercion .

On the whole socialist feminists were suspicious of allowances on the grounds that they would undermine male wage-bargaining and preferred to argue , like Ada Nield Chew , for services in kind to support mothers in the ‘ drudgery ’ of child care ; Fabian women preferred direct payment to mothers in order to maintain their economic independence from their husbands and free them from the need to take on paid work which would distract them from their primary task of mothering ( Alexander , 1979 ) .
on the whole socialist feminists were suspicious of allowances on the grounds that they would [weaken] male wage-bargaining and preferred to argue , like ada nield chew , for services in kind to support mothers in the ‘ drudgery ’ of child care ; fabian women preferred direct payment to mothers in order to maintain their economic independence from their husbands and free them from the need to take on paid work which would distract them from their primary task of mothering ( alexander , 1979 ) .

Middle-class feminists , particularly members of the National Union of Societies for Equal Citizenship , of which Eleanor Rathbone was the President , strongly supported family allowances largely on the grounds that it would undermine the concept of the family wage and thereby ( a rather optimistic thought ) pave the way for equal pay for equal work .
middle-class feminists , particularly members of the national union of societies for equal citizenship , of which eleanor rathbone was the president , strongly supported family allowances largely on the grounds that it would [weaken] the concept of the family wage and thereby ( a rather optimistic thought ) pave the way for equal pay for equal work .

In contrast , high-rise housing was originally intended in part to undermine this definition of the domestic ideal ; by using a quite different urban built form and providing communal facilities such as creches and canteens , it was thought that women would be liberated both from the ideology of domesticity and its actuality .
in contrast , high-rise housing was originally intended in part to [weaken] this definition of the domestic ideal ; by using a quite different urban built form and providing communal facilities such as creches and canteens , it was thought that women would be liberated both from the ideology of domesticity and its actuality .

To remove the possibility of this type of conflict , which is , at root , a conflict between the id 's instinctual impulses and the society 's values which have been internalized by the person concerned , is to undermine both the foundations of Freud 's work and the theory he built up to explain and conceptualize it .
to remove the possibility of this type of conflict , which is , at root , a conflict between the id 's instinctual impulses and the society 's values which have been internalized by the person concerned , is to [weaken] both the foundations of freud 's work and the theory he built up to explain and conceptualize it .

So should psychoanalysis do anything to undermine people 's religious beliefs ?
so should psychoanalysis do anything to [weaken] people 's religious beliefs ?

It would be naive to believe that employers who discourage or attempt to undermine Trade Unions do so out of any altruistic motive , such as concern for the individual employee .
it would be naive to believe that employers who discourage or attempt to [weaken] trade unions do so out of any altruistic motive , such as concern for the individual employee .

Even in book one , if the reader is careful enough to notice , Milton tries to undermine Satan 's strength . He compares the fallen angel 's shield to the moon :
even in book one , if the reader is careful enough to notice , milton tries to [weaken] satan 's strength . he compares the fallen angel 's shield to the moon :

It is clear that if the conclusion of the study quoted above is a reliable one then modern culture is undergoing a crisis of dissolution and decay which threatens to undermine the very foundations of social life ; for the essence of the Freudian theory is that civilization is based on the superego , and if superego-formation is becoming defective then only a process of cultural degradation can result . There are many who would say that in these closing years
it is clear that if the conclusion of the study quoted above is a reliable one then modern culture is undergoing a crisis of dissolution and decay which threatens to [weaken] the very foundations of social life ; for the essence of the freudian theory is that civilization is based on the superego , and if superego-formation is becoming defective then only a process of cultural degradation can result . there are many who would say that in these closing years

These are movements that aim to undermine the power of the TNCs , and the transnational capitalist class , and to force people to think critically about the ways in which the system as a whole promotes the culture-ideology of consumerism .
these are movements that aim to [weaken] the power of the tncs , and the transnational capitalist class , and to force people to think critically about the ways in which the system as a whole promotes the culture-ideology of consumerism .

Transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil attempts to undermine the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable vehicles for releasing the poor from their misery .
transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil attempts to [weaken] the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable vehicles for releasing the poor from their misery .

Such economic transformations tend to undermine both the national independence of Third World countries , and the autonomy of women where this is based on some degree of control over land .
such economic transformations tend to [weaken] both the national independence of third world countries , and the autonomy of women where this is based on some degree of control over land .

This will undermine the trust patients have in them ’ , he said .
this will [weaken] the trust patients have in them ’ , he said .

Up to 25 % of patients progress to chronicity and invalidism , their psychiatric difficulties compounded by medical sequelae , such as an increased susceptibility to infection , osteoporosis , or renal failure , which severely undermine their quality of life .
up to 25 % of patients progress to chronicity and invalidism , their psychiatric difficulties compounded by medical sequelae , such as an increased susceptibility to infection , osteoporosis , or renal failure , which severely [weaken] their quality of life .

Closer inspection tends to undermine this position , which is obviously a comfortable one for the well paid .
closer inspection tends to [weaken] this position , which is obviously a comfortable one for the well paid .

‘ No one 's suggesting , do you see , a full-scale plot to undermine Winston on the spot .
‘ no one 's suggesting , do you see , a full-scale plot to [weaken] winston on the spot .

Similarly , the increasing use of urban development corporations ind Whitehall grants in inner cities would further undermine local authorities .
similarly , the increasing use of urban development corporations ind whitehall grants in inner cities would further [weaken] local authorities .

Walesa argued , however , that such a system would politicize the union , and that it would undermine the rights of the thousands of non-government supporters who currently belonged to Solidarity .
walesa argued , however , that such a system would politicize the union , and that it would [weaken] the rights of the thousands of non-government supporters who currently belonged to solidarity .

It would , according to the Portuguese government , undermine the search for a diplomatic solution to the problem .
it would , according to the portuguese government , [weaken] the search for a diplomatic solution to the problem .

The release of the Western hostages would seriously undermine Rafsanjani 's `` radical `` opponents , principally the former Interior Minister Hojatolislam Ali Akbar Mohtashemi .
the release of the western hostages would seriously [weaken] rafsanjani 's `` radical `` opponents , principally the former interior minister hojatolislam ali akbar mohtashemi .

The fighting was instigated by Hezbollah , which prompted some commentators to suggest that it was part of an Iranian effort to undermine the Saudi-instigated Taif peace process .
the fighting was instigated by hezbollah , which prompted some commentators to suggest that it was part of an iranian effort to [weaken] the saudi-instigated taif peace process .

There appeared to be little prospect of dialogue , however , as Serbian political leaders were not only denouncing the Albanian demonstrators as `` terrorists `` , but openly accusing leaders in Slovenia and Croatia of trying to undermine Serbia by voicing support for the demands of the Kosovar Albanians .
there appeared to be little prospect of dialogue , however , as serbian political leaders were not only denouncing the albanian demonstrators as `` terrorists `` , but openly accusing leaders in slovenia and croatia of trying to [weaken] serbia by voicing support for the demands of the kosovar albanians .

The promulgation of such policies was designed to improve the country 's infrastructure , especially in the countryside , in order to undermine the political appeal of the rebels , particularly of the Khmers Rouges .
the promulgation of such policies was designed to improve the country 's infrastructure , especially in the countryside , in order to [weaken] the political appeal of the rebels , particularly of the khmers rouges .

Various considerations however undermine the force of this objection to religion .
various considerations however [weaken] the force of this objection to religion .

The Tories stringently opposed the Whigs on this front , partly on the grounds that foreign immigrants posed a threat to national security and took away jobs from native workers , but also because they were concerned that a great influx of non-Anglicans would further undermine the Church of England .
the tories stringently opposed the whigs on this front , partly on the grounds that foreign immigrants posed a threat to national security and took away jobs from native workers , but also because they were concerned that a great influx of non-anglicans would further [weaken] the church of england .

It can not be denied that Court–Country tensions did exist ; the question to consider is the extent to which they cut across party , and served to undermine the pattern of political allegiances mapped out above .
it can not be denied that court–country tensions did exist ; the question to consider is the extent to which they cut across party , and served to [weaken] the pattern of political allegiances mapped out above .

They denied that subjects possessed inalienable natural rights which would allow them to question the legitimacy of duly constituted authority , and those who maintained that sovereignty was vested in the Crown-in-Parliament did so in order to undermine Whig populist notions that the people could call their rulers to account .
they denied that subjects possessed inalienable natural rights which would allow them to question the legitimacy of duly constituted authority , and those who maintained that sovereignty was vested in the crown-in-parliament did so in order to [weaken] whig populist notions that the people could call their rulers to account .

Britain 's economic problems added to the sensitivity of her leaders , and to the conviction that the Americans were trying to undermine the British Empire just as they had destroyed that of the Dutch in Indonesia in the late 1940s .
britain 's economic problems added to the sensitivity of her leaders , and to the conviction that the americans were trying to [weaken] the british empire just as they had destroyed that of the dutch in indonesia in the late 1940s .

Although at first he had to consolidate his position at home , it was always his ambition to undermine the European order which had come into being after the defeat of his uncle .
although at first he had to consolidate his position at home , it was always his ambition to [weaken] the european order which had come into being after the defeat of his uncle .

For people who take a sober view of life , `` he said , `` a person is liberal who is prepared not to take thought for his personal interests but to expend all his energy on standing up for the juridical independence of every citizen and the freedom of every action which does not undermine the well-being and the tranquillity of society `` .
for people who take a sober view of life , `` he said , `` a person is liberal who is prepared not to take thought for his personal interests but to expend all his energy on standing up for the juridical independence of every citizen and the freedom of every action which does not [weaken] the well-being and the tranquillity of society `` .

It should be remembered that failure to negotiate on our own behalf will undermine any confidence the client has in our ability to negotiate well for him .
it should be remembered that failure to negotiate on our own behalf will [weaken] any confidence the client has in our ability to negotiate well for him .

It is understood that the Attorney General , Harry Whelehan , advised that the amnesty could work to undermine public confidence in the equity of the tax system .
it is understood that the attorney general , harry whelehan , advised that the amnesty could work to [weaken] public confidence in the equity of the tax system .

Problems of this sort will quickly undermine the value of a recruitment system , which is designed above all for speed .
problems of this sort will quickly [weaken] the value of a recruitment system , which is designed above all for speed .

The Regulations would undermine that purpose .
the regulations would [weaken] that purpose .

Some might wonder , ’ he grated , ‘ whether Blake will now be able to set his prices at a level low enough to undermine Lynx .
some might wonder , ’ he grated , ‘ whether blake will now be able to set his prices at a level low enough to [weaken] lynx .

This not only restricts physical access , but can also undermine personal experiences and priorities which differ from the majority .
this not only restricts physical access , but can also [weaken] personal experiences and priorities which differ from the majority .

To do so would seriously undermine our understanding of how people are not only constrained by , but also through their actions change , the deeper structures in which they are caught up .
to do so would seriously [weaken] our understanding of how people are not only constrained by , but also through their actions change , the deeper structures in which they are caught up .

This would further undermine his position both with his colleagues and with the public .
this would further [weaken] his position both with his colleagues and with the public .

Feminists and other progressives have always been uncomfortable with the whole notion of morality , viewing it as an essentially conservative concept that has been used to bolster traditional modes of thinking and undermine efforts for change .
feminists and other progressives have always been uncomfortable with the whole notion of morality , viewing it as an essentially conservative concept that has been used to bolster traditional modes of thinking and [weaken] efforts for change .

Randy Newman has also consistently used humour to undermine reactionary attitudes .
randy newman has also consistently used humour to [weaken] reactionary attitudes .

But really you should celebrate such uncertainty because it helps undermine myths of scientific omniscience .
but really you should celebrate such uncertainty because it helps [weaken] myths of scientific omniscience .

Those who disrupt proceedings or undermine public confidence in the administration of justice by scandalising the judiciary are also liable to be dealt with for contempt of court .
those who disrupt proceedings or [weaken] public confidence in the administration of justice by scandalising the judiciary are also liable to be dealt with for contempt of court .

Quotas by definition rigidify and distort the market , so we must resist absurdities such as nitrogen and other input quotas which merely serve to raise the cost of production and undermine our ability to compete .
quotas by definition rigidify and distort the market , so we must resist absurdities such as nitrogen and other input quotas which merely serve to raise the cost of production and [weaken] our ability to compete .

Other measures such as nitrate quotas would badly undermine competition .
other measures such as nitrate quotas would badly [weaken] competition .

One aspect of Britain 's opting out of the social charter is that it must surely undermine the single market .
one aspect of britain 's opting out of the social charter is that it must surely [weaken] the single market .

Does the Home Secretary , in common with his right hon. Friend the former Prime Minister , now feel too painfully aware that the franchise round has ended in farce , with some companies losing their licences for offering too much and others failing because they offered too little ? Will the right hon. Gentleman now acknowledge that a system based on the highest bid was always likely to undermine the quality and variety of British television ?
does the home secretary , in common with his right hon. friend the former prime minister , now feel too painfully aware that the franchise round has ended in farce , with some companies losing their licences for offering too much and others failing because they offered too little ? will the right hon. gentleman now acknowledge that a system based on the highest bid was always likely to [weaken] the quality and variety of british television ?

Those attacks are clearly designed to undermine business confidence and the economic well-being of both communities .
those attacks are clearly designed to [weaken] business confidence and the economic well-being of both communities .

As the Solicitor-General said , that excludes officials ' time , so the figure must be that much higher . Is it not outrageous that so much British taxpayers ' money should have been spent trying to suppress a book which in part told us about the treacherous activities of the security services in trying to undermine the democratically elected Government of Harold Wilson ? Will the Solicitor-General assure the House that similar treacherous activities will not take place when the next Labour Government are democratically elected under my right hon. Friend the Member for Islwyn ( Mr. Kinnock ) ?
as the solicitor-general said , that excludes officials ' time , so the figure must be that much higher . is it not outrageous that so much british taxpayers ' money should have been spent trying to suppress a book which in part told us about the treacherous activities of the security services in trying to [weaken] the democratically elected government of harold wilson ? will the solicitor-general assure the house that similar treacherous activities will not take place when the next labour government are democratically elected under my right hon. friend the member for islwyn ( mr. kinnock ) ?

Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree that the best way to provide improved employment prospects is to get inflation and interest rates down , as the Government have done so commendably in the past 18 months ? The worst thing to do would be to impose swingeing increases in personal taxation of the sort advocated by the Labour party , because that would undermine the incentive and enterprise on which jobs depend .
does my right hon. and learned friend agree that the best way to provide improved employment prospects is to get inflation and interest rates down , as the government have done so commendably in the past 18 months ? the worst thing to do would be to impose swingeing increases in personal taxation of the sort advocated by the labour party , because that would [weaken] the incentive and enterprise on which jobs depend .

It was designed to deal with seriously aggravated unlawful occupation , not to undermine the Caravan Sites Act 1968 , which is the basic legislation in that area .
it was designed to deal with seriously aggravated unlawful occupation , not to [weaken] the caravan sites act 1968 , which is the basic legislation in that area .

Will my right hon. Friend give serious consideration to the introduction of short-term selective internment ? At a time of heightened terrorist activity , would not that undermine the operational effectiveness of the terrorists and play havoc with their planned acts of violence ?
will my right hon. friend give serious consideration to the introduction of short-term selective internment ? at a time of heightened terrorist activity , would not that [weaken] the operational effectiveness of the terrorists and play havoc with their planned acts of violence ?

Will the Foreign Secretary also help to provide a breathing space for the Russian Government , by supporting their call for a suspension of interest payments on the debt ? Would not it be a disaster if Russia ended up having to pay as much in interest rates as it received in aid ? Would not that fatally undermine the radical , bold and much-needed programme that President Yeltsin is now trying to push through ?
will the foreign secretary also help to provide a breathing space for the russian government , by supporting their call for a suspension of interest payments on the debt ? would not it be a disaster if russia ended up having to pay as much in interest rates as it received in aid ? would not that fatally [weaken] the radical , bold and much-needed programme that president yeltsin is now trying to push through ?

Will my right hon. Friend tell me how best to reply to a constituent of mine who has recently completed a course of treatment at Broomfield hospital in Chelmsford and who tells me that the nurses and doctors were fantastic , that the treatment was magnificent and that he is fed up to the back teeth with the constant efforts of the Labour party to undermine and talk down the achievements of the health service ?
will my right hon. friend tell me how best to reply to a constituent of mine who has recently completed a course of treatment at broomfield hospital in chelmsford and who tells me that the nurses and doctors were fantastic , that the treatment was magnificent and that he is fed up to the back teeth with the constant efforts of the labour party to [weaken] and talk down the achievements of the health service ?

No local authority will be allowed to undermine the principles of sound and prudent public sector management to which my right hon .
no local authority will be allowed to [weaken] the principles of sound and prudent public sector management to which my right hon .

Those claimants undermine the claims of genuine asylum seekers , and no one would wish to defend them .
those claimants [weaken] the claims of genuine asylum seekers , and no one would wish to defend them .

As the Minister stressed repeatedly , where there are take-up campaigns involving tens of thousands of vouchers or pro-formas , they undermine and devalue the system .
as the minister stressed repeatedly , where there are take-up campaigns involving tens of thousands of vouchers or pro-formas , they [weaken] and devalue the system .

The Conservative party has no mandate for the Bill , which will undermine standards in schools , demoralise the teaching profession and , through the privatisation of the schools inspectorate , deny parents independent information about the education of their children .
the conservative party has no mandate for the bill , which will [weaken] standards in schools , demoralise the teaching profession and , through the privatisation of the schools inspectorate , deny parents independent information about the education of their children .

If that clause was taken to be a definition of the Government 's position and repeatedly referred to as an escape route , which appears to be the intention , it would fundamentally undermine confidence in the Government 's commitment to the European process .
if that clause was taken to be a definition of the government 's position and repeatedly referred to as an escape route , which appears to be the intention , it would fundamentally [weaken] confidence in the government 's commitment to the european process .

Those drawers in Conservative party headquarters marked ’ Labour and defence ’ will be opened and their contents taken out to try to undermine Labour at the next general election , but such aspirations will remain unrealised .
those drawers in conservative party headquarters marked ’ labour and defence ’ will be opened and their contents taken out to try to [weaken] labour at the next general election , but such aspirations will remain unrealised .

He was trying to undermine her self-confidence , make her believe she could n't stand up to the exigencies of canal life .
he was trying to [weaken] her self-confidence , make her believe she could n't stand up to the exigencies of canal life .

Here , it seems , we have a current example of Britain needing to conceive of savagery belonging to outsiders , not a part of British civilisation but an external force which could undermine British institutions unless repressed .
here , it seems , we have a current example of britain needing to conceive of savagery belonging to outsiders , not a part of british civilisation but an external force which could [weaken] british institutions unless repressed .

It is very understandable that those who wish for a federal Europe should have tried to undermine the credibility of the ‘ Fresh Start ’ Motion , since it attracted the names of over eighty Conservative Members of Parliament .
it is very understandable that those who wish for a federal europe should have tried to [weaken] the credibility of the ‘ fresh start ’ motion , since it attracted the names of over eighty conservative members of parliament .

Would the existence of the quota scheme undermine the moral argument that disabled people deserve equal treatment and opportunity as of right rather than by concession ?
would the existence of the quota scheme [weaken] the moral argument that disabled people deserve equal treatment and opportunity as of right rather than by concession ?

Excess capacity and weak demand continued to undermine performance in the downstream oil and chemicals sectors .
excess capacity and weak demand continued to [weaken] performance in the downstream oil and chemicals sectors .

Article Three , the treaty 's key article , stated that the `` connection between the security of the two countries requires that Lebanon not become a source of threat to Syria 's security and vice versa under any circumstances … therefore , Lebanon will not allow itself to become a transit point or base for any force , state or organization that seeks to undermine its security or that of Syria `` .
article three , the treaty 's key article , stated that the `` connection between the security of the two countries requires that lebanon not become a source of threat to syria 's security and vice versa under any circumstances … therefore , lebanon will not allow itself to become a transit point or base for any force , state or organization that seeks to [weaken] its security or that of syria `` .

Nevertheless , until the end of his life Muldoon continued to command a significant degree of support among interventionists within the parliamentary caucus of the National Party , a factor which consistently served to undermine his leadership successors .
nevertheless , until the end of his life muldoon continued to command a significant degree of support among interventionists within the parliamentary caucus of the national party , a factor which consistently served to [weaken] his leadership successors .

Le Matin , La Nation and Al-Jazair al-Yawm were said to have published erroneous information likely to undermine national interests .
le matin , la nation and al-jazair al-yawm were said to have published erroneous information likely to [weaken] national interests .

This evidence of strength used by a small country for peaceful purposes and to promote its own self-sufficiency would , he warned , undermine the power of `` imperialism `` and lay Libya open to attack , especially by the United States .
this evidence of strength used by a small country for peaceful purposes and to promote its own self-sufficiency would , he warned , [weaken] the power of `` imperialism `` and lay libya open to attack , especially by the united states .

During the campaign Horta accused Soares of indirect involvement in a corruption scandal involving the governor of Macao ( a presidential appointee ) , but failed to undermine Soares 's non-partisan fatherly image .
during the campaign horta accused soares of indirect involvement in a corruption scandal involving the governor of macao ( a presidential appointee ) , but failed to [weaken] soares 's non-partisan fatherly image .

It alleged that they were planning acts of sabotage to destabilize Egypt , and that the prime purpose of killing Mahgoub had been to undermine Egypt 's internal stability and its role in the current Gulf crisis .
it alleged that they were planning acts of sabotage to destabilize egypt , and that the prime purpose of killing mahgoub had been to [weaken] egypt 's internal stability and its role in the current gulf crisis .

With the court having recently begun to reverse key aspects of civil rights legislation and to undermine the constitutional foundation of the right to abortion , many liberals opposed the appointment of Thomas .
with the court having recently begun to reverse key aspects of civil rights legislation and to [weaken] the constitutional foundation of the right to abortion , many liberals opposed the appointment of thomas .

In general Republicans supported the measure because its likely effect would be to undermine the long-lasting Democratic domination of the state legislature .
in general republicans supported the measure because its likely effect would be to [weaken] the long-lasting democratic domination of the state legislature .

This ran counter to the 1956 law granting abortion on demand ( with amendments in 1990 requiring approval from three doctors for abortions in state hospitals ) , and Poland 's ombudsman , Tadeusz Zielinski , began a campaign against the new code , calling it an `` attempt to undermine the state 's legal order `` .
this ran counter to the 1956 law granting abortion on demand ( with amendments in 1990 requiring approval from three doctors for abortions in state hospitals ) , and poland 's ombudsman , tadeusz zielinski , began a campaign against the new code , calling it an `` attempt to [weaken] the state 's legal order `` .

Maj.-Gen. Justin Lekhanya , chairman of the six-member Military Council , announced on Nov. 6 that the exiled King had been dethroned , on the grounds that while abroad he had sought to undermine the government , and had attached `` unacceptable conditions `` to his return home .
maj.-gen. justin lekhanya , chairman of the six-member military council , announced on nov. 6 that the exiled king had been dethroned , on the grounds that while abroad he had sought to [weaken] the government , and had attached `` unacceptable conditions `` to his return home .

Akihito was the first monarch to be enthroned under Japan 's 1947 Constitution , a United States-inspired document which imposed a clear separation between church and state in order to undermine the practice of emperor-worship implicit within the traditional Shinto religion .
akihito was the first monarch to be enthroned under japan 's 1947 constitution , a united states-inspired document which imposed a clear separation between church and state in order to [weaken] the practice of emperor-worship implicit within the traditional shinto religion .

Reports on March 19 said that Iran would supply food and fuel at low prices to Kurdish-controlled areas to undermine a government-imposed blockade of northern Iraq [ see pp. 38548 ; 38598 ; 38743 ; 38789 ] .
reports on march 19 said that iran would supply food and fuel at low prices to kurdish-controlled areas to [weaken] a government-imposed blockade of northern iraq [ see pp. 38548 ; 38598 ; 38743 ; 38789 ] .

The two charges concerned acts likely to incite people against the government and to undermine the authority of the President .
the two charges concerned acts likely to incite people against the government and to [weaken] the authority of the president .

Walker ( 1980 , 1987 ) , Townsend ( 1981 ) and Bosanquet ( 1987 ) have argued that old people are forced into dependency by the rest of society through early retirement policies , stigmatising social security , and welfare services which undermine independence .
walker ( 1980 , 1987 ) , townsend ( 1981 ) and bosanquet ( 1987 ) have argued that old people are forced into dependency by the rest of society through early retirement policies , stigmatising social security , and welfare services which [weaken] independence .

Dobson therefore did not undermine the Gomez view of the ratio of Morris
dobson therefore did not [weaken] the gomez view of the ratio of morris

Adopting an inappropriate style can accordingly damage your credibility as a writer , and undermine the force of the points your essay makes .
adopting an inappropriate style can accordingly damage your credibility as a writer , and [weaken] the force of the points your essay makes .

His public pronouncements and statements were brilliantly timed and phrased to send the right signals to Algiers , raise popular expectations at home , and undermine the credibility of the Pflimlin government .
his public pronouncements and statements were brilliantly timed and phrased to send the right signals to algiers , raise popular expectations at home , and [weaken] the credibility of the pflimlin government .

An invention may be potentially very beneficial but might also destroy or seriously undermine an existing business ; for example , a car engine that does 200 miles to a gallon , or an everlasting light bulb .
an invention may be potentially very beneficial but might also destroy or seriously [weaken] an existing business ; for example , a car engine that does 200 miles to a gallon , or an everlasting light bulb .

Thus they will displace those firms that finance the social security systems , and will undermine established safety regulations .
thus they will displace those firms that finance the social security systems , and will [weaken] established safety regulations .

Politically , they argue that such an approach may undermine social progress and `` social cohesion `` within the Community .
politically , they argue that such an approach may [weaken] social progress and `` social cohesion `` within the community .

It was no longer believed to be a sad tale of the power of fortune to undermine love .
it was no longer believed to be a sad tale of the power of fortune to [weaken] love .

He would use whatever insight into Angy 's true nature that he had gleaned from Rick and Lou to undermine the pure , unsullied image that Barney was dedicated to preserving .
he would use whatever insight into angy 's true nature that he had gleaned from rick and lou to [weaken] the pure , unsullied image that barney was dedicated to preserving .

People were increasingly better informed about social ills as the century wore on and how these could undermine and inhibit individual responsibility and freedom .
people were increasingly better informed about social ills as the century wore on and how these could [weaken] and inhibit individual responsibility and freedom .

It goes without saying , of course , that neglecting a horse 's physical needs will damage or undermine a horse 's health , and consequently its well-being and how it feels in itself .
it goes without saying , of course , that neglecting a horse 's physical needs will damage or [weaken] a horse 's health , and consequently its well-being and how it feels in itself .

Rather , it was his inability to end the war which , already in the first months of the Russian campaign and ever more strongly during 1942 , began inexorably to undermine the image of the far-sighted , infallible , and well-intentioned Führer .
rather , it was his inability to end the war which , already in the first months of the russian campaign and ever more strongly during 1942 , began inexorably to [weaken] the image of the far-sighted , infallible , and well-intentioned führer .

Only such a crisis , of almost inconceivably devastating proportions — such as might follow a major war — could so undermine and destroy the existing pluralist political structures that a new form of fascist-style charismatic leadership might appear to sizeable proportions of the population to be a viable and attractive solution .
only such a crisis , of almost inconceivably devastating proportions — such as might follow a major war — could so [weaken] and destroy the existing pluralist political structures that a new form of fascist-style charismatic leadership might appear to sizeable proportions of the population to be a viable and attractive solution .

Carroll first ingeniously sets in place , and then begins to undermine , his creation .
carroll first ingeniously sets in place , and then begins to [weaken] , his creation .

This is why noise groups invariably deal with subject matter that is anti-humanist — extremes of abjection , obsession , trauma , atrocity , possession — all of which undermine humanism 's confidence that through individual consciousness and will , we can become the subjects of our lives , and work together for the general progress of the commonwealth .
this is why noise groups invariably deal with subject matter that is anti-humanist — extremes of abjection , obsession , trauma , atrocity , possession — all of which [weaken] humanism 's confidence that through individual consciousness and will , we can become the subjects of our lives , and work together for the general progress of the commonwealth .

Such a figure would not suggest that a serious attempt was being made by underwriters to deal with a problem that could undermine the stability of the world 's pre-eminent insurance market .
such a figure would not suggest that a serious attempt was being made by underwriters to deal with a problem that could [weaken] the stability of the world 's pre-eminent insurance market .

His worry is not that these errors undermine any of their actual results : ‘ that the principles laid down by mathematicians are true , and their way of deduction from those principles clear and incontestable , we do not deny .
his worry is not that these errors [weaken] any of their actual results : ‘ that the principles laid down by mathematicians are true , and their way of deduction from those principles clear and incontestable , we do not deny .

Edward was glad to escape from Shelgate Road : his father seemed to undermine his self-confidence and made him out to be ‘ several kinds of fool ’ .
edward was glad to escape from shelgate road : his father seemed to [weaken] his self-confidence and made him out to be ‘ several kinds of fool ’ .

To give enterprises a chance to adjust and to avoid a crunch that would undermine support for further reform , governments might need to start with high tariffs , promising to eliminate them over , say , five years .
to give enterprises a chance to adjust and to avoid a crunch that would [weaken] support for further reform , governments might need to start with high tariffs , promising to eliminate them over , say , five years .

They feel that these systems are expensive and unnecessary , especially since they undermine firms ' existing facilities for small orders .
they feel that these systems are expensive and unnecessary , especially since they [weaken] firms ' existing facilities for small orders .

Mr Crook called the decision ‘ a very dangerous judgment which will only generate more secret justice and undermine the public 's respect for the administration of justice . ’
mr crook called the decision ‘ a very dangerous judgment which will only generate more secret justice and [weaken] the public 's respect for the administration of justice . ’

He also believed that the proprietor should be the arbitrator of how the proposals operated , but that this would not undermine the role of the Press Council as final arbitrator .
he also believed that the proprietor should be the arbitrator of how the proposals operated , but that this would not [weaken] the role of the press council as final arbitrator .

In 1940 , British ‘ black ’ propagandists merrily spread stories of burned German bodies to undermine the morale of the Wehrmacht — and it evidently worked .
in 1940 , british ‘ black ’ propagandists merrily spread stories of burned german bodies to [weaken] the morale of the wehrmacht — and it evidently worked .

It belongs to German nature to present oneself as un-German : a tendency to cosmopolitanism , to undermine the sense of nationhood are inseparable from the essence of German nationality ; the idea that one must lose one 's Germanness as much as possible in order to find it , that any restriction to the purely German is felt to be barbaric .
it belongs to german nature to present oneself as un-german : a tendency to cosmopolitanism , to [weaken] the sense of nationhood are inseparable from the essence of german nationality ; the idea that one must lose one 's germanness as much as possible in order to find it , that any restriction to the purely german is felt to be barbaric .

So instead you set out either to strengthen your position or to undermine his .
so instead you set out either to strengthen your position or to [weaken] his .

undermine the argument of your opponent by : challenging h ! s assumptions disputing the facts of the argument attacking the conclusions of his argument pointing to a major inconsistency
[weaken] the argument of your opponent by : challenging h ! s assumptions disputing the facts of the argument attacking the conclusions of his argument pointing to a major inconsistency

undermine your opponent 's credibility by : questioning his experience suggesting that he is losing control negotiating to the point of his mental exhaustion
[weaken] your opponent 's credibility by : questioning his experience suggesting that he is losing control negotiating to the point of his mental exhaustion

This may only serve to aggravate matters further and undermine your role as a neutral .
this may only serve to aggravate matters further and [weaken] your role as a neutral .

Not only that , it was brought up time and again by the media and used to undermine the serious work that he was trying so hard to do .
not only that , it was brought up time and again by the media and used to [weaken] the serious work that he was trying so hard to do .

Mr Steve Elsworth , Greenpeace air pollution campaigner , said : ‘ Britain 's contribution at the Dutch conference was to undermine efforts to set any date or make any real targets to deal with global warming .
mr steve elsworth , greenpeace air pollution campaigner , said : ‘ britain 's contribution at the dutch conference was to [weaken] efforts to set any date or make any real targets to deal with global warming .

nevertheless , there are many films that undermine this argument , suggesting that British character wo n't do as an explanation of poor filmmaking .
nevertheless , there are many films that [weaken] this argument , suggesting that british character wo n't do as an explanation of poor filmmaking .

Current problems with avionics systems also threaten to seriously undermine the effectiveness of America 's latest sophisticated bombers .
current problems with avionics systems also threaten to seriously [weaken] the effectiveness of america 's latest sophisticated bombers .

For example , Manning ( 1977 ) showed how policemen and women in the ranks have an ability to bypass or undermine innovations introduced by police managers , some even doing so while appearing to endorse the policy change ( Chatterton 1979 ) .
for example , manning ( 1977 ) showed how policemen and women in the ranks have an ability to bypass or [weaken] innovations introduced by police managers , some even doing so while appearing to endorse the policy change ( chatterton 1979 ) .

Several weaknesses undermine the Government 's position .
several weaknesses [weaken] the government 's position .

For hardline leaders in East Germany and China , the dilution of party authority in Hungary and Poland represents not reform but treason , a betrayal that threatens to undermine their own legitimacy .
for hardline leaders in east germany and china , the dilution of party authority in hungary and poland represents not reform but treason , a betrayal that threatens to [weaken] their own legitimacy .

Moreover , rather as substance dualism tends to do , it seems to undermine the causal role of consciousness in , for example , bringing about or influencing actions .
moreover , rather as substance dualism tends to do , it seems to [weaken] the causal role of consciousness in , for example , bringing about or influencing actions .

Their natural rebelliousness achieved its heights now , not least in their violation of the traditional rules , their attempts to undermine the institution by radical policies , their attempts to breach the system .
their natural rebelliousness achieved its heights now , not least in their violation of the traditional rules , their attempts to [weaken] the institution by radical policies , their attempts to breach the system .

In 1979 , James Anderton , the Christian moralist chief constable of Greater Manchester , described the greatest threat to law and order as stemming from ‘ seditionist … interested groups who do not have the well-being of this country at heart and who mean to undermine democracy ’ ( Thompson 1979 : 380 ) .
in 1979 , james anderton , the christian moralist chief constable of greater manchester , described the greatest threat to law and order as stemming from ‘ seditionist … interested groups who do not have the well-being of this country at heart and who mean to [weaken] democracy ’ ( thompson 1979 : 380 ) .

In the light of such a polemic stand , it begs the question whether the revelation of how crime figures are manipulated by the police to sustain institutional beliefs ( see Chapter 5 ) could be said to undermine democracy or be classified as sedition .
in the light of such a polemic stand , it begs the question whether the revelation of how crime figures are manipulated by the police to sustain institutional beliefs ( see chapter 5 ) could be said to [weaken] democracy or be classified as sedition .

Joseph Wambaugh ( 1976 : 6–7 ) , in his picaresque novel The Choirboys , uses the symbolic load contained in the control of hair to illustrate the dysfunction between ‘ real ’ Los Angeles cops and their incompetent , corrupt , and inept hierarchies . Wambaugh , himself an ex-cop , describes the ways in which wildly autocratic and psychotic bosses set out to undermine their own ‘ front line troops on the streets ’ and describes a manual which mirrors the poster in the Northumbria police training department described above :
joseph wambaugh ( 1976 : 6–7 ) , in his picaresque novel the choirboys , uses the symbolic load contained in the control of hair to illustrate the dysfunction between ‘ real ’ los angeles cops and their incompetent , corrupt , and inept hierarchies . wambaugh , himself an ex-cop , describes the ways in which wildly autocratic and psychotic bosses set out to [weaken] their own ‘ front line troops on the streets ’ and describes a manual which mirrors the poster in the northumbria police training department described above :

Is your company alert to the fact that the fear of physical violence at work can seriously undermine efficiency and morale ? This month the Suzy Lamplugh Trust is launching a training scheme for companies so that staff can learn how to deal with potentially dangerous situations .
is your company alert to the fact that the fear of physical violence at work can seriously [weaken] efficiency and morale ? this month the suzy lamplugh trust is launching a training scheme for companies so that staff can learn how to deal with potentially dangerous situations .

This ‘ social constructionism ’ can in turn be linked to that whole shift in critical thinking which has sought to undermine any credibility in the unified subject as a source of meaning , and most crucial here has been the contribution of psychoanalysis .
this ‘ social constructionism ’ can in turn be linked to that whole shift in critical thinking which has sought to [weaken] any credibility in the unified subject as a source of meaning , and most crucial here has been the contribution of psychoanalysis .

They may have been encouraged to do so by General Aslam Beg 's recent public condemnations of the war , couched in accusations of conspiracy by the West to undermine the Muslim world .
they may have been encouraged to do so by general aslam beg 's recent public condemnations of the war , couched in accusations of conspiracy by the west to [weaken] the muslim world .

Laming 's defence hinged on his claims that Black was the backer for his plan to undermine racecourse betting and bookmaking in Britain with the stun gun device .
laming 's defence hinged on his claims that black was the backer for his plan to [weaken] racecourse betting and bookmaking in britain with the stun gun device .

They actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west London … the group can be expected to continue in their attempts to undermine the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in conditions of widespread disorder , general strike , etc , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .
they actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west london … the group can be expected to continue in their attempts to [weaken] the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in conditions of widespread disorder , general strike , etc , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .

Despite fears that the continuing American presence could undermine Panamanian support for the new government , they ‘ are going to need a police force ’ , Mr Aspin said .
despite fears that the continuing american presence could [weaken] panamanian support for the new government , they ‘ are going to need a police force ’ , mr aspin said .

The gaps are bound to undermine trust and arouse suspicions .
the gaps are bound to [weaken] trust and arouse suspicions .

The tendency is to ignore value distinctions and to undermine qualitative difference so that popular and high art genres are presented side by side in a unified space or text .
the tendency is to ignore value distinctions and to [weaken] qualitative difference so that popular and high art genres are presented side by side in a unified space or text .

In relation to the outside world they imply a wariness to foreign investors , and an ambivalence to foreign aid in so far as investors and aid donors may undermine the autonomy of the government .
in relation to the outside world they imply a wariness to foreign investors , and an ambivalence to foreign aid in so far as investors and aid donors may [weaken] the autonomy of the government .

The Prime Minister argued strongly against any form of federalism that would undermine the sovereignty of the nation-state .
the prime minister argued strongly against any form of federalism that would [weaken] the sovereignty of the nation-state .

In so far as leaks advertise unhappiness about a line of policy they undermine the principle of collective responsibility , as well as the confidentiality of proceedings .
in so far as leaks advertise unhappiness about a line of policy they [weaken] the principle of collective responsibility , as well as the confidentiality of proceedings .

His falsity and hollowness are not just the opposite of the true and the wholesome , but threaten to undermine it .
his falsity and hollowness are not just the opposite of the true and the wholesome , but threaten to [weaken] it .

Decline , brilliance , hollowness : such things , essentially empty in themselves , nevertheless undermine the nation .
decline , brilliance , hollowness : such things , essentially empty in themselves , nevertheless [weaken] the nation .

To begin with the players were seen to undermine the idea that one 's identity and place were a function of what one essentially was — what God had made one .
to begin with the players were seen to [weaken] the idea that one 's identity and place were a function of what one essentially was — what god had made one .

So it is futile to try to define the homosexual sensibility according to the standards of conventional sensibility : first because the latter has sought to exclude the former ; second because , in retaliation , the former has often worked to undermine the latter and , in the process , challenged the very nature of the aesthetic , fashioning in the process new and sometimes oppositional mutations of it .
so it is futile to try to define the homosexual sensibility according to the standards of conventional sensibility : first because the latter has sought to exclude the former ; second because , in retaliation , the former has often worked to [weaken] the latter and , in the process , challenged the very nature of the aesthetic , fashioning in the process new and sometimes oppositional mutations of it .

Burrows believes that smacking is as necessary as kissing and cuddling , and finds it ironic that the same kind of arguments about parents not knowing when to stop are used to undermine our instincts in both cases .
burrows believes that smacking is as necessary as kissing and cuddling , and finds it ironic that the same kind of arguments about parents not knowing when to stop are used to [weaken] our instincts in both cases .

The intention may be to undermine Nell 's attempts to persuade Kathie to abandon her Black boyfriend .
the intention may be to [weaken] nell 's attempts to persuade kathie to abandon her black boyfriend .

Problematisation of ‘ images of women ’ criticism and its counterpart in realist documentary film-making became a major theme in feminist film criticism of the mid to late 1970s , on the grounds that realism created an illusory notion of transparency which could only reaffirm , not undermine dominant common-sense notions of the subject as ( bourgeois ) individual and of reality as fixed , accessible and ‘ there ’ .
problematisation of ‘ images of women ’ criticism and its counterpart in realist documentary film-making became a major theme in feminist film criticism of the mid to late 1970s , on the grounds that realism created an illusory notion of transparency which could only reaffirm , not [weaken] dominant common-sense notions of the subject as ( bourgeois ) individual and of reality as fixed , accessible and ‘ there ’ .

Community leaders say China 's latest act of ‘ bloody-mindedness ’ will further undermine Hong Kong 's confidence .
community leaders say china 's latest act of ‘ bloody-mindedness ’ will further [weaken] hong kong 's confidence .

We have already seen how the creators of wants , the psychology-manipulators in advertising , had set about trying to undermine it .
we have already seen how the creators of wants , the psychology-manipulators in advertising , had set about trying to [weaken] it .

Even this singular lack of results did not undermine him .
even this singular lack of results did not [weaken] him .

There is little evidence suggesting that unemployment and the poor economic conditions did undermine the overall economic position of the working class during the inter-war years , although monetary wages were reduced constantly until the mid-1930s and wages did decline as a proportion of home-produced income during the early and mid-1930s .
there is little evidence suggesting that unemployment and the poor economic conditions did [weaken] the overall economic position of the working class during the inter-war years , although monetary wages were reduced constantly until the mid-1930s and wages did decline as a proportion of home-produced income during the early and mid-1930s .

It was also rumoured that Lloyd George might advocate protectionist policies and Baldwin make have called the general election and fought it on protectionist policies in order to undermine any such move by Lloyd George .
it was also rumoured that lloyd george might advocate protectionist policies and baldwin make have called the general election and fought it on protectionist policies in order to [weaken] any such move by lloyd george .

Nevertheless , this particular Conservative administration did offer social policies which were designed both to indicate its commitment to dealing with social problems and to undermine the challenge of Labour . Indeed , according to Clement MacIntyre , the Conservative Party did change the orientation of its policies between 1922 and 1931 :
nevertheless , this particular conservative administration did offer social policies which were designed both to indicate its commitment to dealing with social problems and to [weaken] the challenge of labour . indeed , according to clement macintyre , the conservative party did change the orientation of its policies between 1922 and 1931 :

Apart from a small stepped garden directly in front of the house , the grounds were neglected and overgrown , making the terrace steps difficult to negotiate and allowing grass to undermine the paving stones on the long front terrace .
apart from a small stepped garden directly in front of the house , the grounds were neglected and overgrown , making the terrace steps difficult to negotiate and allowing grass to [weaken] the paving stones on the long front terrace .

Other writers undermine conventional notion of reality by blurring the frontiers between the real and the imaginary .
other writers [weaken] conventional notion of reality by blurring the frontiers between the real and the imaginary .

State funding of the provision of mass-produced easily accessible vehicles which can be adapted for disabled use will give real mobility to the people , and undermine the expensive import car market .
state funding of the provision of mass-produced easily accessible vehicles which can be adapted for disabled use will give real mobility to the people , and [weaken] the expensive import car market .

This would greatly undermine the political accountability of such assemblies .
this would greatly [weaken] the political accountability of such assemblies .

Out of control it threatens to undermine a game dependent on the good offices of onlookers .
out of control it threatens to [weaken] a game dependent on the good offices of onlookers .

Doubts about banks ' capital reserves , which include stock in clients ' companies , and property-related bad debts may continue to undermine confidence in the market as a whole .
doubts about banks ' capital reserves , which include stock in clients ' companies , and property-related bad debts may continue to [weaken] confidence in the market as a whole .

Mrs Anthony , 50 , from Middle Zoy , Somerset , a Tory councillor and a retired senior union negotiator , said the minimum wage would undermine agreed pay structures and force people higher up the pay ladder to seek rises to maintain differentials .
mrs anthony , 50 , from middle zoy , somerset , a tory councillor and a retired senior union negotiator , said the minimum wage would [weaken] agreed pay structures and force people higher up the pay ladder to seek rises to maintain differentials .

Labour 's policies would hurt investment , undermine the pound , drive up mortgage rates and send the recovery into a nosedive .
labour 's policies would hurt investment , [weaken] the pound , drive up mortgage rates and send the recovery into a nosedive .

Mr Cocks predicted that advocates would have to adapt their techniques in cases involving children and other vulnerable witnesses , but warned : ‘ It would be disastrous for an excessive preoccupation with welfare to erode the defendant 's rights and to undermine the role of his advocate . ’
mr cocks predicted that advocates would have to adapt their techniques in cases involving children and other vulnerable witnesses , but warned : ‘ it would be disastrous for an excessive preoccupation with welfare to erode the defendant 's rights and to [weaken] the role of his advocate . ’

Hawkes 's polemical purpose becomes more and more apparent as the book develops : it is to undermine , not only established literary study , but liberal humanism itself .
hawkes 's polemical purpose becomes more and more apparent as the book develops : it is to [weaken] , not only established literary study , but liberal humanism itself .

‘ Ten years of their trying to undermine the Member — not a bad result at all .
‘ ten years of their trying to [weaken] the member — not a bad result at all .

But at a meeting of the party 's central committee on Saturday , Mr Gorbachev hotly opposed ‘ any attempt to diminish the importance of the party , or undermine its authority . ’
but at a meeting of the party 's central committee on saturday , mr gorbachev hotly opposed ‘ any attempt to diminish the importance of the party , or [weaken] its authority . ’

China 's Foreign Ministry spokesman , Mr Jin Guihua , said the peace prize served only to encourage Tibetan separatists in their attempt to undermine the unity of the Chinese nation .
china 's foreign ministry spokesman , mr jin guihua , said the peace prize served only to encourage tibetan separatists in their attempt to [weaken] the unity of the chinese nation .

Since the white paper on broadcasting was published in November 1988 , the debate has raged over whether the proposals will mean real choice for the public , or simply undermine what is best about the present system .
since the white paper on broadcasting was published in november 1988 , the debate has raged over whether the proposals will mean real choice for the public , or simply [weaken] what is best about the present system .

David Phillips : warned that severe cuts would undermine scientific excellence
david phillips : warned that severe cuts would [weaken] scientific excellence

This can threaten the best interests of conservation of both the natural and the built environment , undermine the quality of the visitor 's experience and jeopardise the standard of life of the indigenous communities .
this can threaten the best interests of conservation of both the natural and the built environment , [weaken] the quality of the visitor 's experience and jeopardise the standard of life of the indigenous communities .

Despite these important advancements , however , the problem of what happens to mentally handicapped people when they reach the later school-leaving age of nineteen remains , and what happens when they may face the prospects of a lifetime of unfulfilment which could quickly undermine the considerable efforts made by teachers , houseparents , parents and guardians to help the mentally handicapped child attain his or her full potential .
despite these important advancements , however , the problem of what happens to mentally handicapped people when they reach the later school-leaving age of nineteen remains , and what happens when they may face the prospects of a lifetime of unfulfilment which could quickly [weaken] the considerable efforts made by teachers , houseparents , parents and guardians to help the mentally handicapped child attain his or her full potential .

This overwhelming sense of rejection is based on dreading this prospect all their lives , and difficult to change and undermine in weeks or even months .
this overwhelming sense of rejection is based on dreading this prospect all their lives , and difficult to change and [weaken] in weeks or even months .

Indeed , Landry is mistaken even when she claims that the poems are silent on the question of lower class marriage : in ‘ The Month of August ’ , for example , Phillis , a country girl , believes that she will be happy in marriage to a man of her own class , and Leapor does not undermine that suggestion .
indeed , landry is mistaken even when she claims that the poems are silent on the question of lower class marriage : in ‘ the month of august ’ , for example , phillis , a country girl , believes that she will be happy in marriage to a man of her own class , and leapor does not [weaken] that suggestion .

Some church leaders fear that a political commitment on the part of the church would undermine the value of the spiritual dimensions of the Christian faith , for it threatens their mission of salvation .
some church leaders fear that a political commitment on the part of the church would [weaken] the value of the spiritual dimensions of the christian faith , for it threatens their mission of salvation .

Does not this failure undermine the very possibility of government , however just ?
does not this failure [weaken] the very possibility of government , however just ?

Whatever our judgment of Rawls ' principles on that account , at least if political neutrality is a coherent and desirable ideal then the impossibility of complete adherence to it need not undermine its force as a political doctrine .
whatever our judgment of rawls ' principles on that account , at least if political neutrality is a coherent and desirable ideal then the impossibility of complete adherence to it need not [weaken] its force as a political doctrine .

But this does not undermine the fairness of the outcome of the bargaining as long as all acknowledge the Rawlsian assumption of the overriding goal of achieving a common agreement concerning a doctrine of justice .
but this does not [weaken] the fairness of the outcome of the bargaining as long as all acknowledge the rawlsian assumption of the overriding goal of achieving a common agreement concerning a doctrine of justice .

But although the Act affects to recognize that lawyers are a ‘ good thing ’ it proceeds to undermine their utility in a number of important respects .
but although the act affects to recognize that lawyers are a ‘ good thing ’ it proceeds to [weaken] their utility in a number of important respects .

‘ Subversive activities are generally regarded as those which threaten the safety or well-being of the State and which are intended to undermine or overthrow Parliamentary democracy by political , industrial or violent means ’ .
‘ subversive activities are generally regarded as those which threaten the safety or well-being of the state and which are intended to [weaken] or overthrow parliamentary democracy by political , industrial or violent means ’ .

The revelation of such information could jeopardize sensitive investigations essential to the nation 's security , could place at risk the lives of those who had come forward with their suspicions to the police and could undermine the efforts of the police to prevent or detect serious crime .
the revelation of such information could jeopardize sensitive investigations essential to the nation 's security , could place at risk the lives of those who had come forward with their suspicions to the police and could [weaken] the efforts of the police to prevent or detect serious crime .

It had no jurisdiction to undermine the jury verdict in this way .
it had no jurisdiction to [weaken] the jury verdict in this way .

Tools with extra long handles save him from having to bend over too far , which might undermine his balance .
tools with extra long handles save him from having to bend over too far , which might [weaken] his balance .

Do n't undermine the patient 's confidence by accusing him of not trying when he can not fulfil a task .
do n't [weaken] the patient 's confidence by accusing him of not trying when he can not fulfil a task .

The appropriate response , however , is not to alter the law so as to allow euthanasia , and thereby arguably undermine the respect for life enshrined both in the law and medical training .
the appropriate response , however , is not to alter the law so as to allow euthanasia , and thereby arguably [weaken] the respect for life enshrined both in the law and medical training .

Though it may be the last right remaining for the terminally ill or the aged , it is remarkably easy to undermine it .
though it may be the last right remaining for the terminally ill or the aged , it is remarkably easy to [weaken] it .

Subversive activities are those which threaten the safety or well being of the State , and which are intended to undermine or overthrow Parliamentary democracy by political , industrial or violent means .
subversive activities are those which threaten the safety or well being of the state , and which are intended to [weaken] or overthrow parliamentary democracy by political , industrial or violent means .

to undermine ( change ? )
to [weaken] ( change ? )

For the purposes of civil policing , subversive activities are those activities directly or indirectly involving criminal conduct , which threaten national security , or which are calculated to overthrow or undermine parliamentary democracy and the institutions of the state .
for the purposes of civil policing , subversive activities are those activities directly or indirectly involving criminal conduct , which threaten national security , or which are calculated to overthrow or [weaken] parliamentary democracy and the institutions of the state .

Current levels of traffic seriously undermine the quality of life in our cities .
current levels of traffic seriously [weaken] the quality of life in our cities .

These usually project unpleasant images of older people which subtly undermine their personal value and worth .
these usually project unpleasant images of older people which subtly [weaken] their personal value and worth .

Moreover , when these societies become industrialised and urbanised another set of values begins to undermine these time-honoured traditions .
moreover , when these societies become industrialised and urbanised another set of values begins to [weaken] these time-honoured traditions .

The Net Book Agreement first came into force after the practice of ‘ underselling ’ in the latter half of the nineteenth century had reached a stage where it threatened to undermine the whole of the book trade .
the net book agreement first came into force after the practice of ‘ underselling ’ in the latter half of the nineteenth century had reached a stage where it threatened to [weaken] the whole of the book trade .

For them , the main explanation of national policy — at least in its centralization phrase — was that it was designed to undermine resistance to the wider political strategies of the Conservative government .
for them , the main explanation of national policy — at least in its centralization phrase — was that it was designed to [weaken] resistance to the wider political strategies of the conservative government .

In part that might be explained in terms of the powers of resistance possessed by the bureaucracies under attack , so that whatever change is proposed it is soon absorbed and reinterpreted by the very groups it is intended to undermine .
in part that might be explained in terms of the powers of resistance possessed by the bureaucracies under attack , so that whatever change is proposed it is soon absorbed and reinterpreted by the very groups it is intended to [weaken] .

These changes can be seen as elements of a programme intended to open up more aspects of public sector provision to the market and to undermine the powers of state bureaucracy , particularly as highlighted by exponents of ‘ public choice theory ’ .
these changes can be seen as elements of a programme intended to open up more aspects of public sector provision to the market and to [weaken] the powers of state bureaucracy , particularly as highlighted by exponents of ‘ public choice theory ’ .

But , privatization had not dramatically affected core areas of local government activity by the end of the 1980s , and in those areas where it was implemented it seemed unlikely significantly to undermine bureaucratic power .
but , privatization had not dramatically affected core areas of local government activity by the end of the 1980s , and in those areas where it was implemented it seemed unlikely significantly to [weaken] bureaucratic power .

The way in which he mobilizes his evidence to undermine dominant arguments and to construct his own is exciting , and helps to draw local government into the mainstream of political studies .
the way in which he mobilizes his evidence to [weaken] dominant arguments and to construct his own is exciting , and helps to draw local government into the mainstream of political studies .

His simple explanation of the accident appears to undermine the company 's case that ‘ unknown processes ’ were involved .
his simple explanation of the accident appears to [weaken] the company 's case that ‘ unknown processes ’ were involved .

On the reverse , less positive side , the principle of inverse irreversibility explains the phenomenon we observe when scientists and other professional experts refuse to accept or even consider other scientists ' , other experts ' objectively-arrived-at truths when these tend to undermine or place in disrepute their own objectively arrived-at truths .
on the reverse , less positive side , the principle of inverse irreversibility explains the phenomenon we observe when scientists and other professional experts refuse to accept or even consider other scientists ' , other experts ' objectively-arrived-at truths when these tend to [weaken] or place in disrepute their own objectively arrived-at truths .

More particularly , reappraisal of the fossil evidence from the Triassic not only helps to undermine the old view that superior mammals ousted the cumbersome dinosaurs , but may completely reverse it .
more particularly , reappraisal of the fossil evidence from the triassic not only helps to [weaken] the old view that superior mammals ousted the cumbersome dinosaurs , but may completely reverse it .

As Trofim Denosovich Lysenko well knew , more than a little bashing is required to undermine the integrity of science .
as trofim denosovich lysenko well knew , more than a little bashing is required to [weaken] the integrity of science .

This move , he claimed , would undermine the ‘ One Nigeria ’ policy .
this move , he claimed , would [weaken] the ‘ one nigeria ’ policy .

This kind of cop-out is also likely to undermine the parents ' credibility and the trust put in them .
this kind of cop-out is also likely to [weaken] the parents ' credibility and the trust put in them .

As for the idea of ‘ community ’ , they argued that the Council 's policy would undermine existing communities rather than create new ones .
as for the idea of ‘ community ’ , they argued that the council 's policy would [weaken] existing communities rather than create new ones .

The growing strength of such a new religion would gradually undermine the power of warmongering leaders , who so frequently use entrenched religious beliefs to instil into their sometimes reluctant followers , the will to continue a conflict .
the growing strength of such a new religion would gradually [weaken] the power of warmongering leaders , who so frequently use entrenched religious beliefs to instil into their sometimes reluctant followers , the will to continue a conflict .

This was compared with the situation where capitalist methods of production were used to further undermine pre-capitalist methods of production .
this was compared with the situation where capitalist methods of production were used to further [weaken] pre-capitalist methods of production .

In the first phase the therapist will be assessing the structure of the family , current communication patterns , how family members either support or undermine each other , and the ability of the family to address problems .
in the first phase the therapist will be assessing the structure of the family , current communication patterns , how family members either support or [weaken] each other , and the ability of the family to address problems .

Insomnia can severely undermine a person 's ability to cope with other problems , including the stress of grieving .
insomnia can severely [weaken] a person 's ability to cope with other problems , including the stress of grieving .

Moreover , the greater use of semi-skilled labour , either in new processes or in those previously monopolized by apprenticed tradesmen , not only threatened to undermine job security but also helped to create a new and indeterminate category of ‘ skill ’ .
moreover , the greater use of semi-skilled labour , either in new processes or in those previously monopolized by apprenticed tradesmen , not only threatened to [weaken] job security but also helped to create a new and indeterminate category of ‘ skill ’ .

Two- and three-year-olds seem to know just when throwing a tantrum will leave you embarrassed and uncertain and undermine your authority .
two- and three-year-olds seem to know just when throwing a tantrum will leave you embarrassed and uncertain and [weaken] your authority .

However , the bargain must be made well in advance ; it will only undermine your disciplinary strategy if you wait until he is lying on the floor , kicking and screaming and refusing to go to the shops , and then begin promising ice-cream .
however , the bargain must be made well in advance ; it will only [weaken] your disciplinary strategy if you wait until he is lying on the floor , kicking and screaming and refusing to go to the shops , and then begin promising ice-cream .

This degree of control was introduced because the government believed that some urban Labour councils were profligate in their policies on spending — policies that would undermine the viability of local businesses .
this degree of control was introduced because the government believed that some urban labour councils were profligate in their policies on spending — policies that would [weaken] the viability of local businesses .

Throughout his book , Anger patiently exhumes the sordid remains of dead film stars , robbing their graves for any evidence that might undermine the official stories that the Hollywood studio system revealed to an adoring public .
throughout his book , anger patiently exhumes the sordid remains of dead film stars , robbing their graves for any evidence that might [weaken] the official stories that the hollywood studio system revealed to an adoring public .

As one recent analyst commented , theories and the popular literature for parents “ have done their share to undermine the wavering self-conﬁdence of American parents. ” 27 The roots of these polarized perspectives can be found in centuries-old , dramatically opposing philosophies about the nature of children and child development .
as one recent analyst commented , theories and the popular literature for parents “ have done their share to [weaken] the wavering self-conﬁdence of american parents. ” 27 the roots of these polarized perspectives can be found in centuries-old , dramatically opposing philosophies about the nature of children and child development .

Parents who deliver praise not based on real attainment actually undermine their child ’ s development .
parents who deliver praise not based on real attainment actually [weaken] their child ’ s development .

In one study , second and third graders identiﬁed by their teachers as frequently teasing , starting ﬁghts with , and excluding other children were far more likely than their classmates to rate themselves as perfect on a self-esteem questionnaire.4 Their distorted view of their own competence appeared to undermine any motivation to improve their social behavior .
in one study , second and third graders identiﬁed by their teachers as frequently teasing , starting ﬁghts with , and excluding other children were far more likely than their classmates to rate themselves as perfect on a self-esteem questionnaire.4 their distorted view of their own competence appeared to [weaken] any motivation to improve their social behavior .

Just as parents can ’ t solve a child ’ s motivational and self-esteem difficulties through indiscriminate praise , they also can ’ t do so through critical , impatient remarks or harsh , forceful tactics , as in “ You ’ re lazy ! ” “ Why don ’ t you try hard like your sister ! ” “ Do that homework or you ’ ll be punished ! ” These strategies spark anger and resentment in children and undermine a positive parent–child relationship , on which motivation and effort thrive .
just as parents can ’ t solve a child ’ s motivational and self-esteem difficulties through indiscriminate praise , they also can ’ t do so through critical , impatient remarks or harsh , forceful tactics , as in “ you ’ re lazy ! ” “ why don ’ t you try hard like your sister ! ” “ do that homework or you ’ ll be punished ! ” these strategies spark anger and resentment in children and [weaken] a positive parent–child relationship , on which motivation and effort thrive .

An important point to note is that many contemporary toys undermine imagination and self-regulation .
an important point to note is that many contemporary toys [weaken] imagination and self-regulation .

The mystery surrounding its origins does nothing to undermine the power of its simplicity .
the mystery surrounding its origins does nothing to [weaken] the power of its simplicity .

The sea threatens to undermine the rock on which it stands , and concrete breakwaters have been positioned to hold back the waves .
the sea threatens to [weaken] the rock on which it stands , and concrete breakwaters have been positioned to hold back the waves .

Beneath the surface , however , the drabness of daily life and lack of personal freedom continued to undermine any chance of popular support .
beneath the surface , however , the drabness of daily life and lack of personal freedom continued to [weaken] any chance of popular support .

Lining up against his bill are lenders and brokers who contend it would undermine an already weakened housing market and deny home loans to people with shaky credit .
lining up against his bill are lenders and brokers who contend it would [weaken] an already weakened housing market and deny home loans to people with shaky credit .

Civil issues involving family law , domestic violence , immigration , financial or housing problems can undermine a person 's employment and destabilize a family in short order .
civil issues involving family law , domestic violence , immigration , financial or housing problems can [weaken] a person 's employment and destabilize a family in short order .

These incentives undermine a knowledge-based process for making product development decisions .
these incentives [weaken] a knowledge-based process for making product development decisions .

This start-and-stop representation would be confusing to the client and would significantly undermine the effectiveness of representation .
this start-and-stop representation would be confusing to the client and would significantly [weaken] the effectiveness of representation .

The protections of the H-2A statute were adopted , inter alia , to ensure that the employment of foreign workers would not undermine the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers , and Congress provided legal services representation `` to secure the rights of H-2 agricultural workers '' under their employment contracts .
the protections of the h-2a statute were adopted , inter alia , to ensure that the employment of foreign workers would not [weaken] the wages and working conditions of u.s. workers , and congress provided legal services representation `` to secure the rights of h-2 agricultural workers '' under their employment contracts .

We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90 % source-specific controls for mercury by 2007 , without considerable fuel switching , which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security .
we have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90 % source-specific controls for mercury by 2007 , without considerable fuel switching , which would be very disruptive to our economy and [weaken] energy security .

Requiring every plant over 30 years old to meet New Source Performance Standards and New Source Review modification requirements seems unnecessary and could undermine the benefits of the cap and trade approach .
requiring every plant over 30 years old to meet new source performance standards and new source review modification requirements seems unnecessary and could [weaken] the benefits of the cap and trade approach .

If this failed , continuing diplomatic pressure would be combined with the planned covert action program encouraging anti-Taliban Afghans of all major ethnic groups to stalemate the Taliban in the civil war and attack al Qaeda bases , while the United States developed an international coalition to undermine the regime .
if this failed , continuing diplomatic pressure would be combined with the planned covert action program encouraging anti-taliban afghans of all major ethnic groups to stalemate the taliban in the civil war and attack al qaeda bases , while the united states developed an international coalition to [weaken] the regime .

CIA memo , '' Options to Undermine Usama Bin Ladin and al-Qa'ida , '' Dec. 18 , 2000 .
cia memo , '' options to [weaken] usama bin ladin and al-qa'ida , '' dec. 18 , 2000 .

Further , international institutions often undermine rights-based approaches to policy .
further , international institutions often [weaken] rights-based approaches to policy .

The report also suggests , with no clear reasoning behind it , that longer lives will somehow undermine human determination to contribute as much as one can during a lifetime .
the report also suggests , with no clear reasoning behind it , that longer lives will somehow [weaken] human determination to contribute as much as one can during a lifetime .

Unless we rectify this situation , it is likely to undermine many of the other “ -omic ” efforts currently underway .
unless we rectify this situation , it is likely to [weaken] many of the other “ -omic ” efforts currently underway .

Moreover these simple marketing messages undermine the complexity of the cost-effectiveness arguments that are central to any rational debate about the equitable distribution of health care resources .
moreover these simple marketing messages [weaken] the complexity of the cost-effectiveness arguments that are central to any rational debate about the equitable distribution of health care resources .

The Post suggests that the warnings are a reference to Osama Bin Laden 's terrorist organization , but the link is dubious : Officials would n't name a group , they only `` indicated that [ Bin Laden 's group ] is the most important organization seeking to undermine U.S .
the post suggests that the warnings are a reference to osama bin laden 's terrorist organization , but the link is dubious : officials would n't name a group , they only `` indicated that [ bin laden 's group ] is the most important organization seeking to [weaken] u.s .

As it is , the main lawsuit on the table in Los Angeles is being brought by the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund ( MALDEF ) , which is trying to get the Los Angeles school board to enter into a semi-collusive `` consent decree '' that will effectively undermine English immersion .
as it is , the main lawsuit on the table in los angeles is being brought by the mexican american legal defense and education fund ( maldef ) , which is trying to get the los angeles school board to enter into a semi-collusive `` consent decree '' that will effectively [weaken] english immersion .

There 's also worry that the telecommunications giant still has the power and potential to `` undermine the free-flowing ethic if the Internet , '' which it could do by funneling traffic away from non-AT & T ISPs .
there 's also worry that the telecommunications giant still has the power and potential to `` [weaken] the free-flowing ethic if the internet , '' which it could do by funneling traffic away from non-at & t isps .

Even though he is the personification of the company , an inside WP story observes that defense lawyers might have viewed him as so `` prickly and combustible '' as to undermine his own case .
even though he is the personification of the company , an inside wp story observes that defense lawyers might have viewed him as so `` prickly and combustible '' as to [weaken] his own case .

The four were officially accused of using the organization to undermine law , contributing to the deaths of some 1,400 people who were taught to avoid modern medicine , and obtaining and dispersing information about the state 's crackdown on the group .
the four were officially accused of using the organization to [weaken] law , contributing to the deaths of some 1,400 people who were taught to avoid modern medicine , and obtaining and dispersing information about the state 's crackdown on the group .

The `` TRB '' column doubts that Fidel Castro will cooperate with the Clinton administration 's modest embargo relaxation , `` a policy that announces itself as an effort to gradually undermine his rule . ''
the `` trb '' column doubts that fidel castro will cooperate with the clinton administration 's modest embargo relaxation , `` a policy that announces itself as an effort to gradually [weaken] his rule . ''

Adopting their proposals , argued central bankers and finance ministry officials , would undermine confidence and hence worsen the slump .
adopting their proposals , argued central bankers and finance ministry officials , would [weaken] confidence and hence worsen the slump .

While accusing Democrats of cynicism for suggesting that impeachment would undermine the war effort , Republicans argue that impeachment is the best way to honor the war effort .
while accusing democrats of cynicism for suggesting that impeachment would [weaken] the war effort , republicans argue that impeachment is the best way to honor the war effort .

Thanks to the efforts of conservative Clinton-haters and a scandal-hungry press , it has become a `` major story '' that threatens to undermine the valuable work Clinton has done in boosting our nation 's economy , cleaning up our environment , advancing the needs of the poor and middle-class , supporting a woman 's right to choose , making improvements in our education system a top priority , and asserting both American might and values abroad .
thanks to the efforts of conservative clinton-haters and a scandal-hungry press , it has become a `` major story '' that threatens to [weaken] the valuable work clinton has done in boosting our nation 's economy , cleaning up our environment , advancing the needs of the poor and middle-class , supporting a woman 's right to choose , making improvements in our education system a top priority , and asserting both american might and values abroad .

Bruno 's crime , like Galileo 's , was to undermine the uniqueness of our planet , and by doing so , to threaten the intellectual security of the religious dictatorships of his time .
bruno 's crime , like galileo 's , was to [weaken] the uniqueness of our planet , and by doing so , to threaten the intellectual security of the religious dictatorships of his time .

Basic premises : Clinton 's reckless , repeated adultery weakens essential moral codes ; his betrayal of vows and his lies undermine public trust ; his use of legal chicanery to duck ethical responsibility is cowardly and grotesque ; the public 's silence in the face of this is a capitulation , `` moral disarmament '' ; and America , which has always believed that politicians ' moral behavior matters , must start judging Clinton 's character .
basic premises : clinton 's reckless , repeated adultery weakens essential moral codes ; his betrayal of vows and his lies [weaken] public trust ; his use of legal chicanery to duck ethical responsibility is cowardly and grotesque ; the public 's silence in the face of this is a capitulation , `` moral disarmament '' ; and america , which has always believed that politicians ' moral behavior matters , must start judging clinton 's character .

In constructing an inclusive tradition of the American left , he would undermine the sound tradition of the American left .
in constructing an inclusive tradition of the american left , he would [weaken] the sound tradition of the american left .

Second , the Newsweek online story stated that the tapes offer `` no clear evidence '' to support or undermine Tripp 's allegations .
second , the newsweek online story stated that the tapes offer `` no clear evidence '' to support or [weaken] tripp 's allegations .

Maybe your research is right , maybe it is wrong , but you undermine your credibility when you claim to be oblivious to its implications .
maybe your research is right , maybe it is wrong , but you [weaken] your credibility when you claim to be oblivious to its implications .

The ever-hawkish Fed warned of `` the emergence , or the potential emergence , of inflationary forces that could undermine economic growth . ''
the ever-hawkish fed warned of `` the emergence , or the potential emergence , of inflationary forces that could [weaken] economic growth . ''

Deposed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was corrupt , using his power to punish political enemies and undermine independent government institutions .
deposed prime minister nawaz sharif was corrupt , using his power to punish political enemies and [weaken] independent government institutions .

To undermine the straw poll 's authority as an arbiter of his candidacy , McCain called it a `` fund-raiser , '' `` a sham and a joke '' in which campaigns spent `` millions '' to `` buy '' votes .
to [weaken] the straw poll 's authority as an arbiter of his candidacy , mccain called it a `` fund-raiser , '' `` a sham and a joke '' in which campaigns spent `` millions '' to `` buy '' votes .

In La Repubblica of Rome , the paper 's Washington correspondent , wrote : `` The Japanese century ends with the return of Hiroshima ... to undermine the dominant belief of Japanese culture , the certainty that it 's enough to obey one 's mother and one 's superiors for everything to turn out all right .
in la repubblica of rome , the paper 's washington correspondent , wrote : `` the japanese century ends with the return of hiroshima ... to [weaken] the dominant belief of japanese culture , the certainty that it 's enough to obey one 's mother and one 's superiors for everything to turn out all right .

In the final weeks of the campaign , two religious groups called on the faithful to support Muslim-affiliated parties , which was seen by many observers as an attempt to undermine front-runner Megawati Sukarnoputri , the leader of the Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle and daughter of Sukarno , Indonesia 's founding president .
in the final weeks of the campaign , two religious groups called on the faithful to support muslim-affiliated parties , which was seen by many observers as an attempt to [weaken] front-runner megawati sukarnoputri , the leader of the indonesian democratic party-struggle and daughter of sukarno , indonesia 's founding president .

The Financial Times of London said the low turnouts threatened to undermine the effectiveness of the European Parliament , and most British papers said the results might set back Blair 's plans to bring Britain under the European single currency , the euro .
the financial times of london said the low turnouts threatened to [weaken] the effectiveness of the european parliament , and most british papers said the results might set back blair 's plans to bring britain under the european single currency , the euro .

Writing the decision in the first of three 5-4 cases that undermine the rights of the individual to defend himself against a state government , Kennedy argued that when a state violates a federal law , the federal government can sue , but the individual victim can not .
writing the decision in the first of three 5-4 cases that [weaken] the rights of the individual to defend himself against a state government , kennedy argued that when a state violates a federal law , the federal government can sue , but the individual victim can not .

For I ca n't help asking : Do these acts of revenge undermine the humanitarian rationale of NATO 's intervention in Kosovo ?
for i ca n't help asking : do these acts of revenge [weaken] the humanitarian rationale of nato 's intervention in kosovo ?

Dawn said that `` persistent Indian rejection of anything it sees as third-party mediation might undermine his assertion that President Bill Clinton 's pledge to take a personal interest in the row might yield progress . ''
dawn said that `` persistent indian rejection of anything it sees as third-party mediation might [weaken] his assertion that president bill clinton 's pledge to take a personal interest in the row might yield progress . ''

They can not even borrow money for some employment-generating public spending , because fiscal indiscipline would undermine the peso 's hard-won credibility .
they can not even borrow money for some employment-generating public spending , because fiscal indiscipline would [weaken] the peso 's hard-won credibility .

The dismissive tone is critical to his entire argument , because if he squarely reflected on the great uncertainty that now exists about the impact of the new treatments , he would undermine the foundation of an exploration of The End .
the dismissive tone is critical to his entire argument , because if he squarely reflected on the great uncertainty that now exists about the impact of the new treatments , he would [weaken] the foundation of an exploration of the end .

On the continuing showdown with Iraq , the liberal Independent of London called for the lifting of sanctions because , `` in the long run , free trade is the surest way to undermine totalitarianism . ''
on the continuing showdown with iraq , the liberal independent of london called for the lifting of sanctions because , `` in the long run , free trade is the surest way to [weaken] totalitarianism . ''

The London Evening Standard hopes the proposal will undermine a deeply controversial plan supported by the British government for a memorial garden to her to be created in Kensington Gardens in London .
the london evening standard hopes the proposal will [weaken] a deeply controversial plan supported by the british government for a memorial garden to her to be created in kensington gardens in london .

That tends to undermine Clinton 's case ... Is Jackson actually planning Sister Souljah 's revenge ? ...
that tends to [weaken] clinton 's case ... is jackson actually planning sister souljah 's revenge ? ...

Everyone notes that the White House is `` deeply concerned '' about the assembly 's efforts to undermine the Congress .
everyone notes that the white house is `` deeply concerned '' about the assembly 's efforts to [weaken] the congress .

There are just too many ways for shoppers to undermine the data-collection process .
there are just too many ways for shoppers to [weaken] the data-collection process .

Grad students say they are analyzing whiteness in order to undermine racial supremacy .
grad students say they are analyzing whiteness in order to [weaken] racial supremacy .

They undermine the premise of the cover story by being charmingly naive : `` The frenching thing is the edge . '' )
they [weaken] the premise of the cover story by being charmingly naive : `` the frenching thing is the edge . '' )

This threatens to undermine all President Clinton 's good work in sending the message that one should get it whenever and however one can .
this threatens to [weaken] all president clinton 's good work in sending the message that one should get it whenever and however one can .

In November , long before Monica , Barr introduced a resolution to open a congressional impeachment inquiry : Clinton , reads its text , `` has engaged in a systemic effort to obstruct , undermine , and compromise ... the executive branch . ''
in november , long before monica , barr introduced a resolution to open a congressional impeachment inquiry : clinton , reads its text , `` has engaged in a systemic effort to obstruct , [weaken] , and compromise ... the executive branch . ''

The thing that always kills me about these politician-dallies-with-comely-staffer stories is n't the adultery or even the hypocrisy , it 's how these affairs undermine the work of the other women ( and men ) who hold the same jobs as the old guys ' paramours .
the thing that always kills me about these politician-dallies-with-comely-staffer stories is n't the adultery or even the hypocrisy , it 's how these affairs [weaken] the work of the other women ( and men ) who hold the same jobs as the old guys ' paramours .

Giuliani is no shoo-in : A lot of New Yorkers and even suburbanites are turned off by his authoritarianism ; Pataki and D'Amato will continue to undermine him , endorsement or no ; and the Conservative Party probably wo n't endorse him unless he makes some gestures to the right , which will not help him with his New York/suburban base .
giuliani is no shoo-in : a lot of new yorkers and even suburbanites are turned off by his authoritarianism ; pataki and d'amato will continue to [weaken] him , endorsement or no ; and the conservative party probably wo n't endorse him unless he makes some gestures to the right , which will not help him with his new york/suburban base .

The liberal Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz strongly criticized the United States Monday for its failure to get tough with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu : `` Washington 's unwillingness to demand that Israel uphold the commitments it undertook in the Oslo and Hebron accords is now threatening to undermine the most vital system of checks and balances in the diplomatic arena . ''
the liberal israeli newspaper ha'aretz strongly criticized the united states monday for its failure to get tough with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu : `` washington 's unwillingness to demand that israel uphold the commitments it undertook in the oslo and hebron accords is now threatening to [weaken] the most vital system of checks and balances in the diplomatic arena . ''

The law in this case is no more than a cover for a political offensive working methodically to destroy a man -- and , by so doing , to undermine a democracy . ''
the law in this case is no more than a cover for a political offensive working methodically to destroy a man -- and , by so doing , to [weaken] a democracy . ''

However , a handful of people , who have a Cold War mentality , will spread rumors and create trouble to obstruct and undermine Sino-U.S. relations once opportunity arises .
however , a handful of people , who have a cold war mentality , will spread rumors and create trouble to obstruct and [weaken] sino-u.s. relations once opportunity arises .

Chatterbox will now yield on this point -- while noting this does n't really undermine Chatterbox 's larger point that FDR is an unacknowledged founding father of rock ' n ' roll .
chatterbox will now yield on this point -- while noting this does n't really [weaken] chatterbox 's larger point that fdr is an unacknowledged founding father of rock ' n ' roll .

This is a pity , for his caustic tone and shallow glosses undermine what is a bold and worthy effort : to write a readable one-volume history of the American people .
this is a pity , for his caustic tone and shallow glosses [weaken] what is a bold and worthy effort : to write a readable one-volume history of the american people .

His initiative notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the Whitman administration undermine what the Pollution Prevention Act sought to achieve .
his initiative notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the whitman administration [weaken] what the pollution prevention act sought to achieve .

At issue is legislation that would undermine the unions ' federally endorsed/guaranteed/protected competitive advantage over conventional banks .
at issue is legislation that would [weaken] the unions ' federally endorsed/guaranteed/protected competitive advantage over conventional banks .

That aside , Whitman 's opponents have sought , in recent weeks , to undermine her popularity among female voters by attacking her handling of sexual-harassment allegations against two Republican officials .
that aside , whitman 's opponents have sought , in recent weeks , to [weaken] her popularity among female voters by attacking her handling of sexual-harassment allegations against two republican officials .

That does n't undermine her case entirely .
that does n't [weaken] her case entirely .

The Times says the White House appears to have settled on a `` strategy of denial and delay , '' which includes attempting to undermine Lewinsky 's credibility and raising questions about her motivation .
the times says the white house appears to have settled on a `` strategy of denial and delay , '' which includes attempting to [weaken] lewinsky 's credibility and raising questions about her motivation .

For example , suppose that the U.S. stock market was to crash , threatening to undermine consumer confidence .
for example , suppose that the u.s. stock market was to crash , threatening to [weaken] consumer confidence .

Does n't admitting that people care about fuzzy things like status undermine the whole economic method ?
does n't admitting that people care about fuzzy things like status [weaken] the whole economic method ?

The only common thread seemed to be , as the New York Times puts it , the view that the WTO is a `` handmaiden of corporate interests whose rulings undermine health , labor and environmental protections around the world . ''
the only common thread seemed to be , as the new york times puts it , the view that the wto is a `` handmaiden of corporate interests whose rulings [weaken] health , labor and environmental protections around the world . ''

His grim message about a regressive human impulse to act childlike seemed to undermine his simultaneous call for resistance -- especially since he emphasized that any struggle by the victims of the Nazis was pointless without outside help .
his grim message about a regressive human impulse to act childlike seemed to [weaken] his simultaneous call for resistance -- especially since he emphasized that any struggle by the victims of the nazis was pointless without outside help .

Delicacy does n't undermine this balancing act .
delicacy does n't [weaken] this balancing act .

Dawkins ' own honesty and thoroughness undermine his case in other ways as well -- for example , when he brings up the origin of life .
dawkins ' own honesty and thoroughness [weaken] his case in other ways as well -- for example , when he brings up the origin of life .

Concerning vouchers , my fear is that they will undermine a sense of the public good in education .
concerning vouchers , my fear is that they will [weaken] a sense of the public good in education .

Conservatives know that litmus-untested chiefs are likely to try to undermine a Democratic president 's effort to allow gays to serve openly in the military .
conservatives know that litmus-untested chiefs are likely to try to [weaken] a democratic president 's effort to allow gays to serve openly in the military .

What 's more , Republicans want them to undermine it .
what 's more , republicans want them to [weaken] it .

Meanwhile it has had a formal complaint filed against it by the National Labor Relations Board for firing 20 employees who were trying to organize a union , creating an in-house union to undermine those organizing efforts , and coercing workers into participating in an anti-union rally .
meanwhile it has had a formal complaint filed against it by the national labor relations board for firing 20 employees who were trying to organize a union , creating an in-house union to [weaken] those organizing efforts , and coercing workers into participating in an anti-union rally .

He said the United States now says that its recent attempts at dialogue with Iran have `` achieved nothing , '' and it has promised Israel that it will not defrost its relations with a country that is using terror to try to undermine the Middle East peace process .
he said the united states now says that its recent attempts at dialogue with iran have `` achieved nothing , '' and it has promised israel that it will not defrost its relations with a country that is using terror to try to [weaken] the middle east peace process .

The same goes for cultural choices : Boston residents who indulge their taste for Canadian divas do undermine the prospects of local singer-songwriters and might be collectively better off if local radio stations had some kind of cultural content rule .
the same goes for cultural choices : boston residents who indulge their taste for canadian divas do [weaken] the prospects of local singer-songwriters and might be collectively better off if local radio stations had some kind of cultural content rule .

An independent study funded by the Pentagon warned in mid-November that hasty deployment of the system could undermine its eventual success .
an independent study funded by the pentagon warned in mid-november that hasty deployment of the system could [weaken] its eventual success .

The protests forced the postponement of the opening ceremony as thousands of people castigated the WTO for being , in the words of the New York Times , `` a handmaiden of corporate interests whose rulings undermine health , labor and environmental protections around the world . ''
the protests forced the postponement of the opening ceremony as thousands of people castigated the wto for being , in the words of the new york times , `` a handmaiden of corporate interests whose rulings [weaken] health , labor and environmental protections around the world . ''

This would completely undermine the reputation that you might have as a loyal , logical employee of the FBI .
this would completely [weaken] the reputation that you might have as a loyal , logical employee of the fbi .

When Tudjman rewrote the Croatian Constitution in 1991 to undermine the rights of Serbs , Milosevic used this as a pretext to invade Croatia , capturing the one-quarter of Croatia inhabited by Serbs .
when tudjman rewrote the croatian constitution in 1991 to [weaken] the rights of serbs , milosevic used this as a pretext to invade croatia , capturing the one-quarter of croatia inhabited by serbs .

Her broad point that special breaks for things such as capital gains undermine the tax code 's progressivity is true enough .
her broad point that special breaks for things such as capital gains [weaken] the tax code 's progressivity is true enough .

While holding out against lucrative trade concessions demanded by Wall Street and Hollywood , Zhu is offering to let American telecommunications firms own Chinese cell phone and Internet companies , which presumably would undermine China 's ability to quash domestic dissent .
while holding out against lucrative trade concessions demanded by wall street and hollywood , zhu is offering to let american telecommunications firms own chinese cell phone and internet companies , which presumably would [weaken] china 's ability to quash domestic dissent .

Both , in his view , undermine the viability of participatory democracy .
both , in his view , [weaken] the viability of participatory democracy .

Failure to make good on NATO 's already-delivered threat would `` undermine the credibility of NATO , on which stability in Europe and our own credibility depend , '' said Clinton .
failure to make good on nato 's already-delivered threat would `` [weaken] the credibility of nato , on which stability in europe and our own credibility depend , '' said clinton .

Sen. Carl Levin , D-Mich. , urged his colleagues to `` support NATO '' and `` not undermine [ its ] united effort . ''
sen. carl levin , d-mich. , urged his colleagues to `` support nato '' and `` not [weaken] [ its ] united effort . ''

The president 's defenders portray Flytrap as a parable of how the law , misapplied , can undermine the president .
the president 's defenders portray flytrap as a parable of how the law , misapplied , can [weaken] the president .

In fact , it is a parable of how the law , properly applied , can undermine anyone .
in fact , it is a parable of how the law , properly applied , can [weaken] anyone .

Postmodern jokiness can only undermine the mummy subgenre , which has at its heart the most ancient of scary ideas : If you presume to violate an alien culture and make off with its sacred objects , you 're going to be visited by a monster that 's beyond the power of your own culture to combat .
postmodern jokiness can only [weaken] the mummy subgenre , which has at its heart the most ancient of scary ideas : if you presume to violate an alien culture and make off with its sacred objects , you 're going to be visited by a monster that 's beyond the power of your own culture to combat .

More generally , conspiracism ( as Middle East scholar Daniel Pipes calls it ) flourishes during turbulent times -- revolutions in particular -- when long-established orders seem imperiled by uncontrollable events , endangered powers imagine secret plots to undermine them , and the dispossessed worry about persecution .
more generally , conspiracism ( as middle east scholar daniel pipes calls it ) flourishes during turbulent times -- revolutions in particular -- when long-established orders seem imperiled by uncontrollable events , endangered powers imagine secret plots to [weaken] them , and the dispossessed worry about persecution .

The National Party 's `` witch hunt '' allegations could undermine the spirit of reconciliation that the Truth Commission and coalition government were intended to foster .
the national party 's `` witch hunt '' allegations could [weaken] the spirit of reconciliation that the truth commission and coalition government were intended to foster .

Even if the payments to Hale were conclusively proved , they do n't necessarily undermine his Whitewater testimony .
even if the payments to hale were conclusively proved , they do n't necessarily [weaken] his whitewater testimony .

This would undermine reform rather than fixing it .
this would [weaken] reform rather than fixing it .

In that event , Lott may try to undermine the bill in back-room negotiations .
in that event , lott may try to [weaken] the bill in back-room negotiations .

The Republican push for Medical Savings Accounts threatened to undermine Medicare by removing the healthiest and wealthiest beneficiaries from the common insurance pool .
the republican push for medical savings accounts threatened to [weaken] medicare by removing the healthiest and wealthiest beneficiaries from the common insurance pool .

Conservatives , many of whom do not believe in Social Security in the first place , are hard at work devising plans to undermine it by shifting to a system of individual accounts .
conservatives , many of whom do not believe in social security in the first place , are hard at work devising plans to [weaken] it by shifting to a system of individual accounts .

Keeping an important post vacant may actually undermine the attempt to change the policy it represents .
keeping an important post vacant may actually [weaken] the attempt to change the policy it represents .

Trotskyites believe they actually have an obligation to undermine other leftist groups .
trotskyites believe they actually have an obligation to [weaken] other leftist groups .

Such an outcome invites an irony that would be appreciated as much by Lenin as by Adam Smith : that the same businesses whose investments have done so much to undermine communism in China may be responsible for bringing down capitalism in Hong Kong .
such an outcome invites an irony that would be appreciated as much by lenin as by adam smith : that the same businesses whose investments have done so much to [weaken] communism in china may be responsible for bringing down capitalism in hong kong .

The NYT says its phone poll of 1,058 adults suggests that the public views the impeachment process , not as an honest investigation of possible crimes committed by Bill Clinton but as a Republican drive to undermine him .
the nyt says its phone poll of 1,058 adults suggests that the public views the impeachment process , not as an honest investigation of possible crimes committed by bill clinton but as a republican drive to [weaken] him .

The papers note that the incident came after much belligerent talk from the Iraqis and after they directed ineffectual anti-aircraft fire toward a British aircraft over the weekend , giving rise to theories that Iraq is trying to undermine the U.S. policy of containment among U.S. allies .
the papers note that the incident came after much belligerent talk from the iraqis and after they directed ineffectual anti-aircraft fire toward a british aircraft over the weekend , giving rise to theories that iraq is trying to [weaken] the u.s. policy of containment among u.s. allies .

The Washington Post reports that the Clinton camp has private investigators collecting information on Lewinsky that would undermine her credibility , to be used if her testimony proves damaging .
the washington post reports that the clinton camp has private investigators collecting information on lewinsky that would [weaken] her credibility , to be used if her testimony proves damaging .

Committing slip-ups of one 's own , in other words , while brashly reproving the slip-ups of others , would tend to undermine one 's moral position somewhat .
committing slip-ups of one 's own , in other words , while brashly reproving the slip-ups of others , would tend to [weaken] one 's moral position somewhat .

