Jesus saith unto him , until seventy times seven '' .
jesus saith [to] him , until seventy times seven '' .

`` Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John , to be baptized of him .
`` then cometh jesus from galilee to jordan [to] john , to be baptized of him .

`` And Jesus answering said unto him , Suffer it to be so now : for thus it becometh us to fulfill all righteousness .
`` and jesus answering said [to] him , suffer it to be so now : for thus it becometh us to fulfill all righteousness .

`` And Jesus , when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water : and lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove , and lighting upon him '' .
`` and jesus , when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water : and lo , the heavens were opened [to] him , and he saw the spirit of god descending like a dove , and lighting upon him '' .

Escalation unto death
escalation [to] death

they will be faithful unto death .
they will be faithful [to] death .

In his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoke when He said , `` Peace I leave with you , my peace I give unto you : not as the world giveth , give I unto you .
in his heart he had that peace of which the lord spoke when he said , `` peace i leave with you , my peace i give [to] you : not as the world giveth , give i [to] you .

Looking unto God , the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' .
looking [to] god , the prophet isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' .

Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death , and thus death has passed unto all men because all have sinned .
therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death , and thus death has passed [to] all men because all have sinned .

If we are born of God we persevere unto the end .
if we are born of god we persevere [to] the end .

Except for the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary unto himself , the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are one's dealer , and the foreign shipper or negociant who in turn supplies him .
except for the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable plenipotentiary [to] himself , the genii with the keys to unlock the gates of the wine world are one's dealer , and the foreign shipper or negociant who in turn supplies him .

Instinctively , innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by .
instinctively , innocence does [to] others as it expects to be done by .

Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' .
sturley wrote to quiney that sir edward `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied [to] us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` sir edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' .

& synce I did write unto him to dessier him to paie 10 for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide .
& synce i did write [to] him to dessier him to paie 10 for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide .

The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours , and dogs them unto the forty-fifth generation .
the cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours , and dogs them [to] the forty-fifth generation .

unto themself !
[to] themself !

The men 's club which is a law unto itself
the men 's club which is a law [to] itself

The water debate , when couched in terms of the Scottish party 's rights to determine policy in specifically Scottish areas , also directly affects the current internal demands for more Scottish party autonomy , even unto independence .
the water debate , when couched in terms of the scottish party 's rights to determine policy in specifically scottish areas , also directly affects the current internal demands for more scottish party autonomy , even [to] independence .

He then unto the ladder turns his back ,
he then [to] the ladder turns his back ,

‘ Oh , boys that age are a law unto themselves .
‘ oh , boys that age are a law [to] themselves .

They truly are a law unto themselves .
they truly are a law [to] themselves .

The only time my Oscars show a behavioural change is when they are separated from the shark , when they sulk and retreat unto the plec 's cave .
the only time my oscars show a behavioural change is when they are separated from the shark , when they sulk and retreat [to] the plec 's cave .

Gandhi used the term sarvodaya as the title of a Gujarati translation of Ruskin 's Unto This Last which greatly influenced him .
gandhi used the term sarvodaya as the title of a gujarati translation of ruskin 's [to] this last which greatly influenced him .

His first fast unto death occurred in 1918 , in support of the Ahmedabad textile workers ' strike , and was employed against the mill-owning family , who were devoted to him .
his first fast [to] death occurred in 1918 , in support of the ahmedabad textile workers ' strike , and was employed against the mill-owning family , who were devoted to him .

But there is a wisp of evidence that he considered embarking himself on a fast unto death to bring peace to India .
but there is a wisp of evidence that he considered embarking himself on a fast [to] death to bring peace to india .

It became the common currency of speeches on the empire to advocate the extension of the principle of self-government to all within it , even unto the lowliest .
it became the common currency of speeches on the empire to advocate the extension of the principle of self-government to all within it , even [to] the lowliest .

He is also told to , ‘ never cease your labour , your care and diligence , until you have done all that lieth in you , according to your bounden duty , to bring all such as are or shall be committed to your charge , unto … knowledge of God ’ .
he is also told to , ‘ never cease your labour , your care and diligence , until you have done all that lieth in you , according to your bounden duty , to bring all such as are or shall be committed to your charge , [to] … knowledge of god ’ .

He described the celebration of saints ' days and festivals as manifestations of the ‘ splendid outward dignity of our religion , forcible witnesses of ancient truth , provocations to the exercise of all piety , shadows of our endless felicity in heaven … wherein they which can not be drawn to hearken unto what we teach may only by looking upon that we do , in a manner read whatsoever we believe ’ .
he described the celebration of saints ' days and festivals as manifestations of the ‘ splendid outward dignity of our religion , forcible witnesses of ancient truth , provocations to the exercise of all piety , shadows of our endless felicity in heaven … wherein they which can not be drawn to hearken [to] what we teach may only by looking upon that we do , in a manner read whatsoever we believe ’ .

The set prayers of the Church he defended not only as encouraged by Scripture but because their ‘ very form and solemnity helped that imbecility and weakness ’ which made individuals ‘ much less apt to perform unto God so heavenly a service with such affection of heart and disposition of our souls as is necessary ’ .
the set prayers of the church he defended not only as encouraged by scripture but because their ‘ very form and solemnity helped that imbecility and weakness ’ which made individuals ‘ much less apt to perform [to] god so heavenly a service with such affection of heart and disposition of our souls as is necessary ’ .

When she flew into tempers , Nicholas would hand her letters , in one in which he quoted St Paul as saying ‘ Wives submit yourselves unto your own husbands as unto the Lord , for the husband is the head of the wife even as Christ is head of the Church . '
when she flew into tempers , nicholas would hand her letters , in one in which he quoted st paul as saying ‘ wives submit yourselves [to] your own husbands as [to] the lord , for the husband is the head of the wife even as christ is head of the church . '

‘ We must now take care ’ , he explained in the Introduction , ‘ that the young men who were born in captivity may be taught how to worship the God of Israel after the manner of their forefathers , till it shall please God that religion shall return unto the land .
‘ we must now take care ’ , he explained in the introduction , ‘ that the young men who were born in captivity may be taught how to worship the god of israel after the manner of their forefathers , till it shall please god that religion shall return [to] the land .

Gifford , though he gave advice from his own experience , told him to take nothing on trust , but ‘ to cry mightily unto the Lord that He would convince him of the truth thereof ’ : he must work out his own salvation .
gifford , though he gave advice from his own experience , told him to take nothing on trust , but ‘ to cry mightily [to] the lord that he would convince him of the truth thereof ’ : he must work out his own salvation .

Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you ; For every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened .
ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened [to] you ; for every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened .

The Genesis account is again very clear : ‘ And God blessed them , and God said unto them , Be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth , and subdue it ; and have dominion … over every living thing ’ ( Gen. 1:28 ) and is repeated to Noah ( after the Flood ) in a virtually identical form .
the genesis account is again very clear : ‘ and god blessed them , and god said [to] them , be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth , and subdue it ; and have dominion … over every living thing ’ ( gen. 1:28 ) and is repeated to noah ( after the flood ) in a virtually identical form .

‘ Thou shalt remember the Lord thy God : for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth , that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers ’ ( Deut .
‘ thou shalt remember the lord thy god : for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth , that he may establish his covenant which he sware [to] thy fathers ’ ( deut .

And ran to Londoun , unto Seint Poules ,
and ran to londoun , [to] seint poules ,

For at the first time thou findest but a darkness and , as it were , a cloud of unknowing , thou knowest not what , save that thou feelest in thy will a naked intent unto God .
for at the first time thou findest but a darkness and , as it were , a cloud of unknowing , thou knowest not what , save that thou feelest in thy will a naked intent [to] god .

Lover unto lover ,
lover [to] lover ,

The chorographer ( though not Reyce ) points out : ‘ That p't of the countrye that is nere unto the sea is nothing so fruiffull neyther so comodious for cattell as the other but more fitte for sheepe and come , ’ and so contained many more 20s .
the chorographer ( though not reyce ) points out : ‘ that p't of the countrye that is nere [to] the sea is nothing so fruiffull neyther so comodious for cattell as the other but more fitte for sheepe and come , ’ and so contained many more 20s .

Unless , that is , philosophy can become dissemination : ‘ a work conceived radically is a movement of the same unto the other which never returns to the same ’ .
unless , that is , philosophy can become dissemination : ‘ a work conceived radically is a movement of the same [to] the other which never returns to the same ’ .

Fast as the wind and loyal unto death , they are the perfect mount for Elf nobility .
fast as the wind and loyal [to] death , they are the perfect mount for elf nobility .

Between Ulthuan and Naggaroth there can exist only war unto the death .
between ulthuan and naggaroth there can exist only war [to] the death .

The Witch King and his fellows would draw on the power of Chaos and become like unto gods .
the witch king and his fellows would draw on the power of chaos and become like [to] gods .

Weary unto death , listless and depressed , Morvael abdicated by walking into the sacred flame of Asuryan .
weary [to] death , listless and depressed , morvael abdicated by walking into the sacred flame of asuryan .

The General Staff is , in the words of one expert , ‘ a highly centralised and powerful organisation with immense prestige ’ ; but it is not a law unto itself .
the general staff is , in the words of one expert , ‘ a highly centralised and powerful organisation with immense prestige ’ ; but it is not a law [to] itself .

After Peter explains the equal spiritual standing of the non-Jewish Christians , this is the response : ‘ When they heard this , they had no further objections and praised God saying , ‘ So then , God has granted even the Gentiles repentance unto life ’ ' ( Acts 11:18 ) .
after peter explains the equal spiritual standing of the non-jewish christians , this is the response : ‘ when they heard this , they had no further objections and praised god saying , ‘ so then , god has granted even the gentiles repentance [to] life ’ ' ( acts 11:18 ) .

For some reason or other , each and every system is a law unto itself .
for some reason or other , each and every system is a law [to] itself .

Of all these set-ups the most favourable breeding-ground for anorexia nervosa is the nuclear family — tight , self-enclosed and a world unto itself .
of all these set-ups the most favourable breeding-ground for anorexia nervosa is the nuclear family — tight , self-enclosed and a world [to] itself .

Consciousness generates both the primary forces and the proceeding energetic interactions of the physical universe , and reabsorbs all things unto itself .
consciousness generates both the primary forces and the proceeding energetic interactions of the physical universe , and reabsorbs all things [to] itself .

It may seem that if we succeed in adapting our values to such disturbances instead of losing them altogether , it is because we still retain some vestige of a Christian and liberal moral tradition a memory of ‘ Do unto others … ’ at the roots of social habit , which saves us from the collapse into competing egoisms into which deepening conflicts are perpetually driving us .
it may seem that if we succeed in adapting our values to such disturbances instead of losing them altogether , it is because we still retain some vestige of a christian and liberal moral tradition a memory of ‘ do [to] others … ’ at the roots of social habit , which saves us from the collapse into competing egoisms into which deepening conflicts are perpetually driving us .

‘ He 's a law unto himself , the master .
‘ he 's a law [to] himself , the master .

When economic distress forced a widespread unrest among the lower agricultural ranks at the height of Edward 's Protestant reforms in 1549 , Arundel had coped with it without overt force , using his traditional authority , with ‘ the people , having no small experience of his honor , and bearing dutiful affection unto him , as their ancient and chiefest lord of that country ’ .
when economic distress forced a widespread unrest among the lower agricultural ranks at the height of edward 's protestant reforms in 1549 , arundel had coped with it without overt force , using his traditional authority , with ‘ the people , having no small experience of his honor , and bearing dutiful affection [to] him , as their ancient and chiefest lord of that country ’ .

The whole thing did n't take very long ; just over a year after his freedom of the Weavers ' Company had been approved , William Charles Titford , Linen Draper , ‘ Son of Charles Titford of Frome , Somersetshire , Cheesemonger , ’ became free of the City , ‘ … paying unto Mr Chamberlain for this City 's use the Sum of forty six shillings and eight pence ’ .
the whole thing did n't take very long ; just over a year after his freedom of the weavers ' company had been approved , william charles titford , linen draper , ‘ son of charles titford of frome , somersetshire , cheesemonger , ’ became free of the city , ‘ … paying [to] mr chamberlain for this city 's use the sum of forty six shillings and eight pence ’ .

In 58 ‘ your slave ’ , ‘ your vassal ’ is ready to swallow any insult or neglect , the poem concluding : The second-person pronouns come so thick and fast here that we can not miss the bitter criticism of the Friend setting himself up as a law unto himself , becoming so entirely obsessed with his own pleasures that he betrays their relationship .
in 58 ‘ your slave ’ , ‘ your vassal ’ is ready to swallow any insult or neglect , the poem concluding : the second-person pronouns come so thick and fast here that we can not miss the bitter criticism of the friend setting himself up as a law [to] himself , becoming so entirely obsessed with his own pleasures that he betrays their relationship .

In the temple he launched another violent attack , punctuated with the ritual curse , seven times repeated , ‘ Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
in the temple he launched another violent attack , punctuated with the ritual curse , seven times repeated , ‘ woe [to] you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites !

’ , including this devastating metaphor : ‘ for ye are like unto whited sepulchres , which indeed appear beautiful outward , but are within full of dead men 's bones , and of all uncleanness ’ .
’ , including this devastating metaphor : ‘ for ye are like [to] whited sepulchres , which indeed appear beautiful outward , but are within full of dead men 's bones , and of all uncleanness ’ .

The earth belongs unto the Lord
the earth belongs [to] the lord

Photographers are a breed unto themselves . What other artist would sell all they own to pursue the craft ?
photographers are a breed [to] themselves . what other artist would sell all they own to pursue the craft ?

You are hep even unto death .
you are hep even [to] death .

His profound psychological insight owed a great deal to a neurotic streak , and it was no accident that one of his contributions to subsequent technical terminology was the term Angst ( ‘ dread ’ ) , and that he published books with such titles as The Concept of Dread , Fear and Trembling and The Sickness unto Death .
his profound psychological insight owed a great deal to a neurotic streak , and it was no accident that one of his contributions to subsequent technical terminology was the term angst ( ‘ dread ’ ) , and that he published books with such titles as the concept of dread , fear and trembling and the sickness [to] death .

There seems every reason to believe those 1917 recollections in which Chaplin spoke of how from the moment that he had first seen the light of Brixton he was aware that ‘ unkind fate must have struck his knife unto me ’ and of how he had been ‘ through more hardships and downright poverty than one per cent of the world 's worst Jonahs can tell of ’ .
there seems every reason to believe those 1917 recollections in which chaplin spoke of how from the moment that he had first seen the light of brixton he was aware that ‘ unkind fate must have struck his knife [to] me ’ and of how he had been ‘ through more hardships and downright poverty than one per cent of the world 's worst jonahs can tell of ’ .

With every horror — the Poison Feast of 1907 being one of the most infamous — Castle Drachenfels seemed to draw more vileness unto itself .
with every horror — the poison feast of 1907 being one of the most infamous — castle drachenfels seemed to draw more vileness [to] itself .

Thus , the Elizabethan minister was enjoined to declare ambiguously : ‘ The blood of our Lord , Jesus Christ , which was shed for thee , preserve thy body and soul unto everlasting life .
thus , the elizabethan minister was enjoined to declare ambiguously : ‘ the blood of our lord , jesus christ , which was shed for thee , preserve thy body and soul [to] everlasting life .

Their insecurities were doubtless increased through reading theological works such as William Perkins ' Whether a Man , published in 1589 , which argued that a reprobate might attain temporary faith and ‘ seem both unto himself and to the Church of God to be a true professor of the Gospel , and yet indeed be none ’ .
their insecurities were doubtless increased through reading theological works such as william perkins ' whether a man , published in 1589 , which argued that a reprobate might attain temporary faith and ‘ seem both [to] himself and to the church of god to be a true professor of the gospel , and yet indeed be none ’ .

Cranmer indeed went so far as to claim that : ‘ where the word of God was adversary and against his authority , pomp , covetousness , idolatry and superstitious doctrine , he [ the pope ] , spying this , became adversary unto the word of God , falsifying it , extorting it out of the true sense .
cranmer indeed went so far as to claim that : ‘ where the word of god was adversary and against his authority , pomp , covetousness , idolatry and superstitious doctrine , he [ the pope ] , spying this , became adversary [to] the word of god , falsifying it , extorting it out of the true sense .

Even within the context of the unique Cornish climate , Bosigran is a law unto itself .
even within the context of the unique cornish climate , bosigran is a law [to] itself .

‘ About the previous Christmas … we brought our myne unto the Wall , and about Candlemas we had wrought the wall halfe through .
‘ about the previous christmas … we brought our myne [to] the wall , and about candlemas we had wrought the wall halfe through .

Unto its myriad inhabitants each of these hives is a separate , vertical world .
[to] its myriad inhabitants each of these hives is a separate , vertical world .

The Chaplain had only delivered veiled hints as to the nature of this ‘ Chaos ’ , which special psychic personnel were equipped to expunge : the Inquisition … Librarians … the legendary Grey Knights … Sufficient unto the hour was the ordinary evil thereof .
the chaplain had only delivered veiled hints as to the nature of this ‘ chaos ’ , which special psychic personnel were equipped to expunge : the inquisition … librarians … the legendary grey knights … sufficient [to] the hour was the ordinary evil thereof .

‘ You know he 's a law unto himself .
‘ you know he 's a law [to] himself .

‘ The flair for getting away with things does n't descend unto the second generation . ’
‘ the flair for getting away with things does n't descend [to] the second generation . ’

So pure , the crystal stars singing a paean of rainbows and each tiny prism was a world unto itself , rich with knowledge .
so pure , the crystal stars singing a paean of rainbows and each tiny prism was a world [to] itself , rich with knowledge .

That William and Mary Prince and Princesse of Orange bee and bee declared , King and Queen of England France and Ireland and the Dominions there unto belonging to hold the Crowne and Roy all Dignity of the said Kingdom 's and Dominions to them the said Prince and Princesss during their lives and the life of the Survivor of them and that the Sole and full exercise of the Regall Power be only in and executed by the said Prince of Orange in the Names of the said Prince and Princesse during their Joynt lives And after their deceases the said Crowne and Roy all Dignity of the said Kingdoms and Dominions to be to the heires of the body of the said Princesse : And for default of such Issue to the Princesse Anne of Denmarke and the heires of her body .
that william and mary prince and princesse of orange bee and bee declared , king and queen of england france and ireland and the dominions there [to] belonging to hold the crowne and roy all dignity of the said kingdom 's and dominions to them the said prince and princesss during their lives and the life of the survivor of them and that the sole and full exercise of the regall power be only in and executed by the said prince of orange in the names of the said prince and princesse during their joynt lives and after their deceases the said crowne and roy all dignity of the said kingdoms and dominions to be to the heires of the body of the said princesse : and for default of such issue to the princesse anne of denmarke and the heires of her body .

Upon which their said Majestyes did accept the crowne and Royall dignitie of the kingdoms of England France and Ireland and the dominions there unto belonging … And thereupon their Majestyes were pleased that the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons being the two Houses of Parlyament should continue to sitt and with their Majesty 's Roy all concurrence make effectuall provision for the settlement of the religion lawes and liberties of this king dome soe that the same for the future might not be in danger againe of being subverted , to which the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons did agree and proceede to act accordingly .
upon which their said majestyes did accept the crowne and royall dignitie of the kingdoms of england france and ireland and the dominions there [to] belonging … and thereupon their majestyes were pleased that the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons being the two houses of parlyament should continue to sitt and with their majesty 's roy all concurrence make effectuall provision for the settlement of the religion lawes and liberties of this king dome soe that the same for the future might not be in danger againe of being subverted , to which the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons did agree and proceede to act accordingly .

So here , if anywhere , it pays to lift up your eyes unto the hills .
so here , if anywhere , it pays to lift up your eyes [to] the hills .

Unto us a Boy is born . ``
[to] us a boy is born . ``

‘ This castle hath a pleasant seat ; the air nimbly and sweetly recommends itself unto our gentle senses , ’ ’ Haverford orated .
‘ this castle hath a pleasant seat ; the air nimbly and sweetly recommends itself [to] our gentle senses , ’ ’ haverford orated .

After all , while Windows is fun to play with , it is n't really a means unto itself ; it 's more a way of running applications like word processors , spreadsheets and so on .
after all , while windows is fun to play with , it is n't really a means [to] itself ; it 's more a way of running applications like word processors , spreadsheets and so on .

In 1978 , it was decided to select ten small towns which , because of their beautifully preserved old quarters , ambience of arts and crafts , and situation away from the routine tourist tracks , would be a family unto themselves through their subtle relationship of styles , and give a cross-section of Swiss life of today and yesterday .
in 1978 , it was decided to select ten small towns which , because of their beautifully preserved old quarters , ambience of arts and crafts , and situation away from the routine tourist tracks , would be a family [to] themselves through their subtle relationship of styles , and give a cross-section of swiss life of today and yesterday .

Photographers are a breed unto themselves . What other artist would sell all they own to pursue the craft ?
photographers are a breed [to] themselves . what other artist would sell all they own to pursue the craft ?

General de Gaulle , who had re-emerged unto the political scene , opposed the constitution and it was approved by only a minority of the electorate : 36 per cent voted ‘ for ’ , over 31 per cent ‘ against ’ , and 31 per cent abstained .
general de gaulle , who had re-emerged [to] the political scene , opposed the constitution and it was approved by only a minority of the electorate : 36 per cent voted ‘ for ’ , over 31 per cent ‘ against ’ , and 31 per cent abstained .

In 1284 the statute of Wales declares that ‘ all those which are subject unto our power should be governed with due order , to the honour and praise of God and of Holy Church , and the advancement of justice ’ .
in 1284 the statute of wales declares that ‘ all those which are subject [to] our power should be governed with due order , to the honour and praise of god and of holy church , and the advancement of justice ’ .

They are all female and since they too are also reproductively sufficient unto themselves , they can do the same thing as their mother even before they have left her body .
they are all female and since they too are also reproductively sufficient [to] themselves , they can do the same thing as their mother even before they have left her body .

In between the school was a world wholly unto itself .
in between the school was a world wholly [to] itself .

Kit Kat is virtually a sector unto itself , and therefore vulnerable , with the only similar product , before Time Out , being Terry 's unsupported Waifa .
kit kat is virtually a sector [to] itself , and therefore vulnerable , with the only similar product , before time out , being terry 's unsupported waifa .

The current situation in which the government , through party discipline , is able to control the House of Commons and absorb its powers unto itself is regarded as undesirable .
the current situation in which the government , through party discipline , is able to control the house of commons and absorb its powers [to] itself is regarded as undesirable .

If review is drawn too narrowly then the spectre is raised of the tribunal becoming a power unto itself , of it adjudicating upon matters widely different from those that the legislature intended , and yet being free from control .
if review is drawn too narrowly then the spectre is raised of the tribunal becoming a power [to] itself , of it adjudicating upon matters widely different from those that the legislature intended , and yet being free from control .

In the life-givingness of words , Architecture and Building possess the loveliest vocabularies : chamfer , aedicule , caryatid , quoin , hammerbeam , oriel , newel , mandorla , garth — a music unto itself .
in the life-givingness of words , architecture and building possess the loveliest vocabularies : chamfer , aedicule , caryatid , quoin , hammerbeam , oriel , newel , mandorla , garth — a music [to] itself .

Sufficient unto the day was the evil thereof , and he had considerable confidence in his own ingenuity .
sufficient [to] the day was the evil thereof , and he had considerable confidence in his own ingenuity .

Answer not a fool according to his folly , lest thou be like unto him .
answer not a fool according to his folly , lest thou be like [to] him .

Also , Lord God , we ask that you remember the dark deeds of any communistic so-called-interrogators , in this time of great upheaval in eastern Europe ; we know that you will not forget their crimes when their day of reckoning comes , and their guttural , Slavic voices cry out to ye for mercy , and ye reward them with all the compassion they ever showed to those unfortunate souls delivered unto them .
also , lord god , we ask that you remember the dark deeds of any communistic so-called-interrogators , in this time of great upheaval in eastern europe ; we know that you will not forget their crimes when their day of reckoning comes , and their guttural , slavic voices cry out to ye for mercy , and ye reward them with all the compassion they ever showed to those unfortunate souls delivered [to] them .

He is described on his monument at Wollaton as ‘ architector and survayor unto the most worthy house of Wollaton , and diverse others of great account ’ ; this is the first known occasion on which he was called an architect , a term and function then still only in embryo in England .
he is described on his monument at wollaton as ‘ architector and survayor [to] the most worthy house of wollaton , and diverse others of great account ’ ; this is the first known occasion on which he was called an architect , a term and function then still only in embryo in england .

Ruskin 's Fors Clavigera was probably Mackmurdo 's greatest single inspiration , and he modelled his first pamphlet , The Immorality of Lending for Payment of Interest or of any Usurious Gain ( 1878 ) , on Unto this Last ( 1862 ) .
ruskin 's fors clavigera was probably mackmurdo 's greatest single inspiration , and he modelled his first pamphlet , the immorality of lending for payment of interest or of any usurious gain ( 1878 ) , on [to] this last ( 1862 ) .

In their second petition , which appears to have been written by Chidley , they justified their political activity on the basis of ‘ our creation in the image of God , and of an interest in Christ equal unto men , as also of a proportionable share in the freedoms of this commonwealth .
in their second petition , which appears to have been written by chidley , they justified their political activity on the basis of ‘ our creation in the image of god , and of an interest in christ equal [to] men , as also of a proportionable share in the freedoms of this commonwealth .

Hale justified the marital rape exemption in the following terms : ‘ The husband can not be guilty of rape committed by himself upon his lawful wife , for by their mutual matrimonial consent and contract the wife has given up herself in this kind unto her husband , which she can not retract .
hale justified the marital rape exemption in the following terms : ‘ the husband can not be guilty of rape committed by himself upon his lawful wife , for by their mutual matrimonial consent and contract the wife has given up herself in this kind [to] her husband , which she can not retract .

An Audience unto Herself
an audience [to] herself

‘ Well , my dear , Travis is pretty much a law unto himself , ’ Jonas pacified , watching his grandson make himself comfortable on the top step .
‘ well , my dear , travis is pretty much a law [to] himself , ’ jonas pacified , watching his grandson make himself comfortable on the top step .

" Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God of his goodness to give you safe deliverance , and to preserve you in the great danger of childbirth ; you shall therefore give hearty thanks unto God … "
" forasmuch as it hath pleased almighty god of his goodness to give you safe deliverance , and to preserve you in the great danger of childbirth ; you shall therefore give hearty thanks [to] god … "

" And let our cry come unto thee . "
" and let our cry come [to] thee . "

" Think of the American vacuum coffin guaranteed to preserve corpses from decomposing ! Was that not against the word of God who decreed : " Dust unto dust " ? Think of the countless statues of unclothed young women . Think of the male statues which are even now being exposed at Sydenham without adequate covering and which may be viewed by innocent girls ! "
" think of the american vacuum coffin guaranteed to preserve corpses from decomposing ! was that not against the word of god who decreed : " dust [to] dust " ? think of the countless statues of unclothed young women . think of the male statues which are even now being exposed at sydenham without adequate covering and which may be viewed by innocent girls ! "

‘ We 're supposed to make a joyful noise unto the Lord , are n't we , Samuel ?
‘ we 're supposed to make a joyful noise [to] the lord , are n't we , samuel ?

The Scholmaster thereof for the tyme beinge yelding and paying yearely unto my heires and some of Sixe shillings Eight pence Rente . ``
the scholmaster thereof for the tyme beinge yelding and paying yearely [to] my heires and some of sixe shillings eight pence rente . ``

But it was not a dream : she heard her own voice making promises to worship João with her body and to be faithful to him unto death ; she felt the ring being pushed onto her finger , and found herself looking into her husband 's melting eyes .
but it was not a dream : she heard her own voice making promises to worship joão with her body and to be faithful to him [to] death ; she felt the ring being pushed onto her finger , and found herself looking into her husband 's melting eyes .

" They that go down to the sea in ships and occupy their business in great waters ; these men see the works of the Lord and his wonders in the deep … so when they cry unto the Lord in their trouble He delivereth them out of this distress . For He maketh the storm to cease so that the waves thereof are still … "
" they that go down to the sea in ships and occupy their business in great waters ; these men see the works of the lord and his wonders in the deep … so when they cry [to] the lord in their trouble he delivereth them out of this distress . for he maketh the storm to cease so that the waves thereof are still … "

In the afternoon they came unto a land
in the afternoon they came [to] a land

Ironically , on the same day an unsuspecting Woodville , describing himself as ‘ uncle unto our said sovereign lord and great captain of his navy ’ , was signing an indenture with the patron of a carrack lying in Southampton Water .
ironically , on the same day an unsuspecting woodville , describing himself as ‘ uncle [to] our said sovereign lord and great captain of his navy ’ , was signing an indenture with the patron of a carrack lying in southampton water .

Yet in this respect as in many others , few families are a complete law unto themselves , and many children are able to participate in the culture of the playground or the street in happy ignorance or gleeful defiance of adult wishes .
yet in this respect as in many others , few families are a complete law [to] themselves , and many children are able to participate in the culture of the playground or the street in happy ignorance or gleeful defiance of adult wishes .

20 But while he thought on these things , behold , the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream , saying , Joseph , thou son of David , fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife : for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost .
20 but while he thought on these things , behold , the angel of the lord appeared [to] him in a dream , saying , joseph , thou son of david , fear not to take [to] thee mary thy wife : for that which is conceived in her is of the holy ghost .

24 Then Joseph being bed from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him , and took unto him his wife .
24 then joseph being bed from sleep did as the angel of the lord had bidden him , and took [to] him his wife .

10 And after he had seen the vision , immediately we endeavoured to go into Macedonia , assuredly " gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto them .
10 and after he had seen the vision , immediately we endeavoured to go into macedonia , assuredly " gathering that the lord had called us for to preach the gospel [to] them .

Peter 's dream of unclean animals is recorded in Acts , Chapter 10 : 9 On the morrow , as they went on their journey , and drew nigh unto the city , Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour .
peter 's dream of unclean animals is recorded in acts , chapter 10 : 9 on the morrow , as they went on their journey , and drew nigh [to] the city , peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour .

11 And saw heaven opened , and a certain vessel descending unto him , as if had been a great sheet knit at the four comers , and let down to the earth .
11 and saw heaven opened , and a certain vessel descending [to] him , as if had been a great sheet knit at the four comers , and let down to the earth .

God was Goodness : He was Justice : Christ had shown himself humble even unto death .
god was goodness : he was justice : christ had shown himself humble even [to] death .

And they came unto Jericho , which is just up from the Dead Sea .
and they came [to] jericho , which is just up from the dead sea .

And Elvis spake unto his people regarding such matters as crude oil , gasoline and stretch Cadillacs .
and elvis spake [to] his people regarding such matters as crude oil , gasoline and stretch cadillacs .

And when he had spoken they did hasten unto Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and Texas , saying , ‘ These also are the promised lands .
and when he had spoken they did hasten [to] kuwait , saudi arabia and texas , saying , ‘ these also are the promised lands .

And Elvis said unto Pontius Pilate , ‘ Listen Pont , this is a bum rap .
and elvis said [to] pontius pilate , ‘ listen pont , this is a bum rap .

He 's still prepared to render unto Caesar and stuff .
he 's still prepared to render [to] caesar and stuff .

And Elvis went unto the House of Light and was seen no more .
and elvis went [to] the house of light and was seen no more .

And Elvis did play ever to packed houses and many were the daughters of men who came in unto him .
and elvis did play ever to packed houses and many were the daughters of men who came in [to] him .

That all should honour him by being like unto him .
that all should honour him by being like [to] him .

And in a voice like Thunder , the Great Masklin said unto the Thing , Now is the Time to go back to our Home in the Sky , — iv .
and in a voice like thunder , the great masklin said [to] the thing , now is the time to go back to our home in the sky , — iv .

Ironically , on the same day an unsuspecting Woodville , describing himself as ‘ uncle unto our said sovereign lord and great captain of his navy ’ , was signing an indenture with the patron of a carrack lying in Southampton Water .
ironically , on the same day an unsuspecting woodville , describing himself as ‘ uncle [to] our said sovereign lord and great captain of his navy ’ , was signing an indenture with the patron of a carrack lying in southampton water .

She looked him straight in the face now as she said , ‘ She does n't take such things into account ; she 's a law unto herself ’
she looked him straight in the face now as she said , ‘ she does n't take such things into account ; she 's a law [to] herself ’

Wilt thou have this Woman to thy wedded wife , to live together after God 's ordinance in the holy estate of Matrimony ? Wilt thou love her , comfort her , honour , and keep her in sickness and in health ; and , forsaking all other , keep thee only unto her , so long as ye both shall live ?
wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife , to live together after god 's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony ? wilt thou love her , comfort her , honour , and keep her in sickness and in health ; and , forsaking all other , keep thee only [to] her , so long as ye both shall live ?

‘ Then peace be unto you .
‘ then peace be [to] you .

expulsion from Paradise : " Unto Adam also and his wife did the Lord God make coats of skins and clothed them . " The commentator sees this as a housing of man 's immortal human soul in an animal body and proceeds as follows :
expulsion from paradise : " [to] adam also and his wife did the lord god make coats of skins and clothed them . " the commentator sees this as a housing of man 's immortal human soul in an animal body and proceeds as follows :

In this country , it is often assumed that teachers are a law unto themselves once they are inside the classroom and that it is their professional training and sense of professional responsibility that are the chief influences on their practice .
in this country , it is often assumed that teachers are a law [to] themselves once they are inside the classroom and that it is their professional training and sense of professional responsibility that are the chief influences on their practice .

" Make a joyful noise unto the Lord , all ye lands .
" make a joyful noise [to] the lord , all ye lands .

‘ They may seem Mordor-made ’ , he explained in the letters column , ‘ because of rendering unto Caesar what is Caesar 's — uncovering society 's hypocritical filth and throwing it back in its teeth .
‘ they may seem mordor-made ’ , he explained in the letters column , ‘ because of rendering [to] caesar what is caesar 's — uncovering society 's hypocritical filth and throwing it back in its teeth .

She was a law unto herself and did what she wanted to do .
she was a law [to] herself and did what she wanted to do .

And all my heart lies open unto thee … =
and all my heart lies open [to] thee … =

And all my heart lies open unto thee … …
and all my heart lies open [to] thee … …

‘ Suffer little children to come unto Me , ’ ' Dane quoted softly .
‘ suffer little children to come [to] me , ’ ' dane quoted softly .

‘ The Lord shall smite thee with an extreme burning , and with the sword , and with blasting , and with mildew ; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish , ’ Gabriel said firmly . ‘ Thy carcass shall be meat unto all the fowls of the air , and unto the beasts of the earth ’
‘ the lord shall smite thee with an extreme burning , and with the sword , and with blasting , and with mildew ; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish , ’ gabriel said firmly . ‘ thy carcass shall be meat [to] all the fowls of the air , and [to] the beasts of the earth ’

If it was a front , it was designed precisely to block any such proof , with nominees and cut-outs unto the seventh generation .
if it was a front , it was designed precisely to block any such proof , with nominees and cut-outs [to] the seventh generation .

And first for the Combers , we will bring them down From eight groats a score unto half a crown , If at all they murmur , and say t is too small , We bid them choose whether they will work at all ; We 'll make them believe that trading is bad ; We care not a pin , though they are ne'er so sad .
and first for the combers , we will bring them down from eight groats a score [to] half a crown , if at all they murmur , and say t is too small , we bid them choose whether they will work at all ; we 'll make them believe that trading is bad ; we care not a pin , though they are ne'er so sad .

Then next for the Spinner we shall ensue , We 'll make them spin three pound instead of two ; When they bring home their work unto us , they complain , And say that their wages will not them maintain ; But if that an ounce of weight they do lack , Then for to bate threepence we will not be slack .
then next for the spinner we shall ensue , we 'll make them spin three pound instead of two ; when they bring home their work [to] us , they complain , and say that their wages will not them maintain ; but if that an ounce of weight they do lack , then for to bate threepence we will not be slack .

The coca mafia have become a law unto themselves .
the coca mafia have become a law [to] themselves .

‘ … And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was a delight to the eyes , and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof , and did eat ; and she gave also unto her husband with her , and he did eat … ’ And we all know what happened then — or do we ? Celia Kitzinger throws new light on an old story .
‘ … and when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was a delight to the eyes , and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof , and did eat ; and she gave also [to] her husband with her , and he did eat … ’ and we all know what happened then — or do we ? celia kitzinger throws new light on an old story .

The highly centralised single bank will be a law unto itself .
the highly centralised single bank will be a law [to] itself .

He then unto the ladder turns his back ,
he then [to] the ladder turns his back ,

The Ranter Jacob Bauthumley begins his tract on The Light and Dark side of God acknowledging ‘ the most unto whose hand it [ i.e .
the ranter jacob bauthumley begins his tract on the light and dark side of god acknowledging ‘ the most [to] whose hand it [ i.e .

Marry , so there have been diverse good plots devised and wise counsels cast already about reformation of that realm , but they say it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes whatsoever are meant for her good will prosper or take good effect , which whether it proceed from the very genius of the soil , or the influence of the stars , or that Almighty God hath not yet appointed the time of her reformation , or that He reserveth her in this unquiet state still , for some secret scourge which shall by her come unto England , it is hard to be known but yet much to be feared .
marry , so there have been diverse good plots devised and wise counsels cast already about reformation of that realm , but they say it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes whatsoever are meant for her good will prosper or take good effect , which whether it proceed from the very genius of the soil , or the influence of the stars , or that almighty god hath not yet appointed the time of her reformation , or that he reserveth her in this unquiet state still , for some secret scourge which shall by her come [to] england , it is hard to be known but yet much to be feared .

Were it so again , that some little profit might be reaped … out of some of our playbooks , the benefit thereof will nothing near countervail the harm that the scandal will bring unto the library , when it shall be given out , that we stuff it full of baggage books .
were it so again , that some little profit might be reaped … out of some of our playbooks , the benefit thereof will nothing near countervail the harm that the scandal will bring [to] the library , when it shall be given out , that we stuff it full of baggage books .

Lying behind this is the fact that the European Court of Justice has grasped unto itself the role of final arbiter in any dispute between European bodies and national courts in cases where Community law applies .
lying behind this is the fact that the european court of justice has grasped [to] itself the role of final arbiter in any dispute between european bodies and national courts in cases where community law applies .

Lady Beatrice ignored my wandering eye , young Rachel dared only smile shyly at us , whilst the Agentes were a law unto themselves .
lady beatrice ignored my wandering eye , young rachel dared only smile shyly at us , whilst the agentes were a law [to] themselves .

Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof .
sufficient [to] the day is the evil thereof .

‘ The Lady Prioress is a law unto herself , ’ Dame Catherine spitefully added .
‘ the lady prioress is a law [to] herself , ’ dame catherine spitefully added .

‘ Glory and honour unto him , be unto him , ’ ’ said Corbett Farraday .
‘ glory and honour [to] him , be [to] him , ’ ’ said corbett farraday .

‘ But then , our Mr McWhirter 's a law unto himself , is he not ?
‘ but then , our mr mcwhirter 's a law [to] himself , is he not ?

It could be argued that this is a prime example of what has been termed the ‘ Matthew Effect ’ — ‘ For unto every one that hath shall be given , and he shall have abundance : but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath .
it could be argued that this is a prime example of what has been termed the ‘ matthew effect ’ — ‘ for [to] every one that hath shall be given , and he shall have abundance : but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath .

Henry Cobham , Sir Robert Cecil and Sir John Popham , who had ordered the report , further informed the two men `` … it seemeth by some purport made unto us , that eight Kibles of God 's gift and Conistone Oares should make a quintall of Copper , and in matter of experiment in the worke , it appeareth that tenn Kibles or more doe but make a quintall of Copper , you are therefore to informe your Selves the best you can how many Kibles of the Oare now gotten at Gods gift , and Coniston will yield a Quintall of Copper , what the particular charges will amount unto , of making the said Quintall .
henry cobham , sir robert cecil and sir john popham , who had ordered the report , further informed the two men `` … it seemeth by some purport made [to] us , that eight kibles of god 's gift and conistone oares should make a quintall of copper , and in matter of experiment in the worke , it appeareth that tenn kibles or more doe but make a quintall of copper , you are therefore to informe your selves the best you can how many kibles of the oare now gotten at gods gift , and coniston will yield a quintall of copper , what the particular charges will amount [to] , of making the said quintall .

In their submitted report Bowes and Nedham make observation that the plentiful veins of Coniston ( and God 's Gift ) were found by " … poor shepherds & people tending their sheep in ye Mountaines . " Mention is made of how in the viewing of the mountains " … it is to be seen how the very naturall working of those flood falling from the height in winter stormes have broken down & worn such rifts & slitts in the rocks as hereby the dead leaders or mettall finnes or vaine have appeared unto us above ground which before were hid by the earth & stones formerly covring the rocks some 2 or 3 fathomes deep … "
in their submitted report bowes and nedham make observation that the plentiful veins of coniston ( and god 's gift ) were found by " … poor shepherds & people tending their sheep in ye mountaines . " mention is made of how in the viewing of the mountains " … it is to be seen how the very naturall working of those flood falling from the height in winter stormes have broken down & worn such rifts & slitts in the rocks as hereby the dead leaders or mettall finnes or vaine have appeared [to] us above ground which before were hid by the earth & stones formerly covring the rocks some 2 or 3 fathomes deep … "

He noted given unto a Newlands man who came to look at the supposed Wad Mine at Conistone 5s . ``
he noted given [to] a newlands man who came to look at the supposed wad mine at conistone 5s . ``

Each layer is an entity unto itself although it interacts and provides services to other layers .
each layer is an entity [to] itself although it interacts and provides services to other layers .

If any forester do find any trespasser wandering within his liberty … within the forest … and after hue and cry made to him to stand unto the peace , will not yield himself , but flee or resist … if the forester do kill any such offender , he shall not be impeached for this felony .
if any forester do find any trespasser wandering within his liberty … within the forest … and after hue and cry made to him to stand [to] the peace , will not yield himself , but flee or resist … if the forester do kill any such offender , he shall not be impeached for this felony .

‘ Woe unto thee , o land , when thy king is a child .
‘ woe [to] thee , o land , when thy king is a child .

Bereaved people do not always need to be ‘ done unto ’ .
bereaved people do not always need to be ‘ done [to] ’ .

Sometimes she would hear some commandment being spoken — ' Give not that which is holy unto the dogs ’ — and others echoed in her head until it ached .
sometimes she would hear some commandment being spoken — ' give not that which is holy [to] the dogs ’ — and others echoed in her head until it ached .

The Council 's thirteenth-century oath , ‘ You will in all things to be moved , treated and debated in Council , faithfully declare your Mind and Opinion , according to your Heart and Conscience ; and will keep secret all Matters committed and revealed unto you , ’ lies at the heart of the British culture of official secrecy , and the enigma of monarchy remains the secret from which all other secrets flow .
the council 's thirteenth-century oath , ‘ you will in all things to be moved , treated and debated in council , faithfully declare your mind and opinion , according to your heart and conscience ; and will keep secret all matters committed and revealed [to] you , ’ lies at the heart of the british culture of official secrecy , and the enigma of monarchy remains the secret from which all other secrets flow .

‘ Jahsaxa 's a law unto herself .
‘ jahsaxa 's a law [to] herself .

God could so easily say that , too , but he does not ; he negotiates from a basis of weakness which becomes for us the power of God unto salvation .
god could so easily say that , too , but he does not ; he negotiates from a basis of weakness which becomes for us the power of god [to] salvation .

Americas Watch , a well-informed group based in Washington , says ‘ the military remains a law unto itself ’ .
americas watch , a well-informed group based in washington , says ‘ the military remains a law [to] itself ’ .

… and unto Poland , what is God 's
… and [to] poland , what is god 's

That puts it not unto the Touch ,
that puts it not [to] the touch ,

‘ And Moses and Aaron said unto all the children of Israel , At even , then ye shall know that the Lord hath brought you out from the land of Egypt : And in the morning , then ye shall see the glory of the Lord ; for that he heareth your murmurings against the Lord : and what are we , that ye murmur against us ?
‘ and moses and aaron said [to] all the children of israel , at even , then ye shall know that the lord hath brought you out from the land of egypt : and in the morning , then ye shall see the glory of the lord ; for that he heareth your murmurings against the lord : and what are we , that ye murmur against us ?

‘ For those were troublous times , ’ he said on a downward-curving cadence , ‘ and such times have come again , but take heart : for ‘ when Joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted , he said unto Moses , There is a noise of war in the camp .
‘ for those were troublous times , ’ he said on a downward-curving cadence , ‘ and such times have come again , but take heart : for ‘ when joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted , he said [to] moses , there is a noise of war in the camp .

Unto a ragged , fearful , hanging rock ,
[to] a ragged , fearful , hanging rock ,

( Sufficient unto each day the evil thereof . )
( sufficient [to] each day the evil thereof . )

The need to get the retiring member to sign such a document indicates the institutional fear of the outside lying behind the threats which Sir Peter Imbert issued to those who would write controversial memoirs ( Police Review , 26 August 1988 ) ; for the ‘ family ’ demands silence unto death from its members !
the need to get the retiring member to sign such a document indicates the institutional fear of the outside lying behind the threats which sir peter imbert issued to those who would write controversial memoirs ( police review , 26 august 1988 ) ; for the ‘ family ’ demands silence [to] death from its members !

Almighty God , unto whom all hearts be open , all desires known , and from whom no secrets are hid .
almighty god , [to] whom all hearts be open , all desires known , and from whom no secrets are hid .

She had forsaken her people and her father 's house , and had , like every other well-brought-up girl , established her own household and she should cleave only unto it , forsaking all others so long as she should live .
she had forsaken her people and her father 's house , and had , like every other well-brought-up girl , established her own household and she should cleave only [to] it , forsaking all others so long as she should live .

It was a world unto itself , a working class community that existed quite separately from central London — which we thought of as Town , a totally different place .
it was a world [to] itself , a working class community that existed quite separately from central london — which we thought of as town , a totally different place .

And brought you unto myself . ’
and brought you [to] myself . ’

The emphasis falls repeatedly on the individual , the self which is a law unto itself .
the emphasis falls repeatedly on the individual , the self which is a law [to] itself .

He finds the masses obsessed by an abysmal social insanity , an aspect of which is the tendency of the individual to see himself as ‘ a little absolute unto himself ’ .
he finds the masses obsessed by an abysmal social insanity , an aspect of which is the tendency of the individual to see himself as ‘ a little absolute [to] himself ’ .

The radical implications of this assertion can be gleaned from an observation of Montaigne 's : ‘ We may easily discern , that only custom makes that seem impossible unto us , which is not so ’ ( Essays , trans .
the radical implications of this assertion can be gleaned from an observation of montaigne 's : ‘ we may easily discern , that only custom makes that seem impossible [to] us , which is not so ’ ( essays , trans .

But then in Our Lady of the Flowers ‘ the gesture of solitude that makes you sufficient unto yourself ’ is not abstinence or retreat , but masturbation ( p. 124 ) .
but then in our lady of the flowers ‘ the gesture of solitude that makes you sufficient [to] yourself ’ is not abstinence or retreat , but masturbation ( p. 124 ) .

‘ Woe unto them that join house to house , that lay field to field , till there be no place , that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth ’ .
‘ woe [to] them that join house to house , that lay field to field , till there be no place , that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth ’ .

And seeing the multitudes , he went up into a mountain and when he was set , his disciples came unto him .
and seeing the multitudes , he went up into a mountain and when he was set , his disciples came [to] him .

But when Jesus saw it , he was much displeased , and said unto them , ‘ Suffer the little children to come unto me , and forbid them not : for of such is the kingdom of God .
but when jesus saw it , he was much displeased , and said [to] them , ‘ suffer the little children to come [to] me , and forbid them not : for of such is the kingdom of god .

And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee , named Nazareth .
and in the sixth month the angel gabriel was sent from god [to] a city of galilee , named nazareth .

And the angel came in unto her , and said , ‘ Hail , thou that art highly favoured , the Lord is with thee : blessed art thou among woman . ’
and the angel came in [to] her , and said , ‘ hail , thou that art highly favoured , the lord is with thee : blessed art thou among woman . ’

And the angel said unto her , ‘ Fear not , Mary : for thou hast found favour with God .
and the angel said [to] her , ‘ fear not , mary : for thou hast found favour with god .

He shall be great , and shall be called the Son of the Highest and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David .
he shall be great , and shall be called the son of the highest and the lord god shall give [to] him the throne of his father david .

And Joseph also went up from Galilee , out of the city of Nazareth , into Judea , unto the city of David , which is called Bethlehem to be taxed with Mary his espoused wife , being great with child .
and joseph also went up from galilee , out of the city of nazareth , into judea , [to] the city of david , which is called bethlehem to be taxed with mary his espoused wife , being great with child .

For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour , which is Christ the Lord .
for [to] you is born this day in the city of david a saviour , which is christ the lord .

And this shall be a sign unto you , Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes , lying in a manger .
and this shall be a sign [to] you , ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes , lying in a manger .

And it came to pass , as the angels were gone away from them into heaven , the shepherds said one to another , ‘ Let us now go even unto Bethlehem , and see this thing which is come to pass , which the Lord hath made known to us . ’
and it came to pass , as the angels were gone away from them into heaven , the shepherds said one to another , ‘ let us now go even [to] bethlehem , and see this thing which is come to pass , which the lord hath made known to us . ’

And they said unto him , ‘ In Bethlehem of Judea , for thus it is written by the prophet . ’
and they said [to] him , ‘ in bethlehem of judea , for thus it is written by the prophet . ’

And when they were come into the house , they saw the young child with Mary his mother , and fell down and worshipped him ; and when they had opened their treasures , they presented unto him gifts : gold and frankincense and myrrh .
and when they were come into the house , they saw the young child with mary his mother , and fell down and worshipped him ; and when they had opened their treasures , they presented [to] him gifts : gold and frankincense and myrrh .

’ As far as Nutty was concerned it was the most deadly engagement she had ever contemplated , to be fought unto death .
’ as far as nutty was concerned it was the most deadly engagement she had ever contemplated , to be fought [to] death .

Paddy went on imperturbably , ‘ Jesus said — ‘ Suffer the little ones to come unto me .
paddy went on imperturbably , ‘ jesus said — ‘ suffer the little ones to come [to] me .

And the angel said unto them , Fear not .
and the angel said [to] them , fear not .

‘ Once more unto the breach , dear friends — ’ ’
‘ once more [to] the breach , dear friends — ’ ’

They were a law unto themselves .
they were a law [to] themselves .

Thus saith the Lord God unto Jerusalem … In the day that thou wast born thy navel wast not cut , neither wast thou washed in water for cleansing ; thou wast not salted at all , nor swaddled at all .
thus saith the lord god [to] jerusalem … in the day that thou wast born thy navel wast not cut , neither wast thou washed in water for cleansing ; thou wast not salted at all , nor swaddled at all .

And God said unto Abraham … This is My Covenant , which ye shall keep between Me and you and thy seed after thee : every male among you shall be circumcised .
and god said [to] abraham … this is my covenant , which ye shall keep between me and you and thy seed after thee : every male among you shall be circumcised .

And when the days of her purification are fulfilled , for a son or for a daughter , she shall bring a lamb of the fist year for a burnt offering , and a young pigeon or a turtledove , for a sin offering , unto the door of the tent of meeting , unto the priest .
and when the days of her purification are fulfilled , for a son or for a daughter , she shall bring a lamb of the fist year for a burnt offering , and a young pigeon or a turtledove , for a sin offering , [to] the door of the tent of meeting , [to] the priest .

When they bring home their work unto us , they complain
when they bring home their work [to] us , they complain

They present the reader with the autotelic novel , sufficient unto itself and the fruit of the endless play of language .
they present the reader with the autotelic novel , sufficient [to] itself and the fruit of the endless play of language .

As the lesson continued ( ’ And they said : ‘ Go to , let us build a city and a tower whose top may reach unto heaven ’ ’ ) , the results of our expulsion from that linguistic Eden were wittily demonstrated .
as the lesson continued ( ’ and they said : ‘ go to , let us build a city and a tower whose top may reach [to] heaven ’ ’ ) , the results of our expulsion from that linguistic eden were wittily demonstrated .

God created us for His own purposes , gave us free will to decide between good and evil , but retained unto Himself the ultimate decisions about the creation of life .
god created us for his own purposes , gave us free will to decide between good and evil , but retained [to] himself the ultimate decisions about the creation of life .

Equally loyal and effective was the Lady-in-Waiting , the Duchess de Bassano , whose husband was Grand Chamberlain of the Court , and whose devotion to their sovereigns was such that they followed them into exile , remaining faithful unto death .
equally loyal and effective was the lady-in-waiting , the duchess de bassano , whose husband was grand chamberlain of the court , and whose devotion to their sovereigns was such that they followed them into exile , remaining faithful [to] death .

came unto the workmen and beat and terrified them , threatening to kill them , if they would not leave their work , threw some of them in the river and kept them under water with long poles , and at several other times , upon the Knelling of a Bell , came to the said works in riotous and warlike manner , divided themselves into companies , to take the workmen and filled up the ditches and drains , made to carry away the water , burned up the working tools and other materials of the Relator and his workmen , and set up poles in the form of gallows , to terrifie the workmen and threatened to break their arms and legs , and beat and hurt many of them and made others flee away , whom they pursued to a town with such terror and threats , that they were forced to guard the town .
came [to] the workmen and beat and terrified them , threatening to kill them , if they would not leave their work , threw some of them in the river and kept them under water with long poles , and at several other times , upon the knelling of a bell , came to the said works in riotous and warlike manner , divided themselves into companies , to take the workmen and filled up the ditches and drains , made to carry away the water , burned up the working tools and other materials of the relator and his workmen , and set up poles in the form of gallows , to terrifie the workmen and threatened to break their arms and legs , and beat and hurt many of them and made others flee away , whom they pursued to a town with such terror and threats , that they were forced to guard the town .

After a while , as he was thus musing , there appeared before him one in white garments , who said unto him , Sleepest thou or wakest thou , Rodrigo ?
after a while , as he was thus musing , there appeared before him one in white garments , who said [to] him , sleepest thou or wakest thou , rodrigo ?

And he went with all speed to Burgos , and sent from thence to bid the Cid come unto him .
and he went with all speed to burgos , and sent from thence to bid the cid come [to] him .

And the King went out from Burgos and came nigh unto Bivar ; and the Cid came up to him and would have kissed his hand , but the King withheld it , and said angrily unto him , Ruydiez , quit my land .
and the king went out from burgos and came nigh [to] bivar ; and the cid came up to him and would have kissed his hand , but the king withheld it , and said angrily [to] him , ruydiez , quit my land .

Then he called for Alvar Fañez and said unto him , Cousin , the poor have no part in the wrong which the King hath done us ; see now that no wrong be done unto them along our road : and he called for his horse .
then he called for alvar fañez and said [to] him , cousin , the poor have no part in the wrong which the king hath done us ; see now that no wrong be done [to] them along our road : and he called for his horse .

The Cid was then before Albarrazin , doing all the evil that he could , and he brake up his camp and came with his host to Juballa ; and Abeniaf and the Alcaydes of Xativa and Carchayra came unto him , and they renewed their covenant to stand by each other , and be of one voice .
the cid was then before albarrazin , doing all the evil that he could , and he brake up his camp and came with his host to juballa ; and abeniaf and the alcaydes of xativa and carchayra came [to] him , and they renewed their covenant to stand by each other , and be of one voice .

On the following day after the Christians had taken possession of the town , the Cid entered it with a great company , and he ascended the highest tower of the wall , and beheld all the city ; and the Moors came unto him , and kissed his hand , saying he was welcome .
on the following day after the christians had taken possession of the town , the cid entered it with a great company , and he ascended the highest tower of the wall , and beheld all the city ; and the moors came [to] him , and kissed his hand , saying he was welcome .

And the Cid did great honour unto them .
and the cid did great honour [to] them .

Three months Doña Ximena had been in Valencia , when tidings came to the Cid from beyond sea , that King Yucef , the son of the Miramamolin , who dwelt in Morocco , was coming to lay siege unto Valencia with fifty thousand men .
three months doña ximena had been in valencia , when tidings came to the cid from beyond sea , that king yucef , the son of the miramamolin , who dwelt in morocco , was coming to lay siege [to] valencia with fifty thousand men .

And the Cid assembled his chief captains and knights and people , and said unto them , Kinsmen and friends and vassals , hear me : to-day has been a good day , and to-morrow shall be a better day .
and the cid assembled his chief captains and knights and people , and said [to] them , kinsmen and friends and vassals , hear me : to-day has been a good day , and to-morrow shall be a better day .

My belief is that whatever material circumstance we enjoy , the promptings of the mind have a life unto themselves .
my belief is that whatever material circumstance we enjoy , the promptings of the mind have a life [to] themselves .

Secular employment is as sanctified as preaching if it is done ‘ as unto the Lord ’ .
secular employment is as sanctified as preaching if it is done ‘ as [to] the lord ’ .

the Burial Service in The Book of Common Prayer : ‘ Forasmuch as it has pleased Almighty God … to take unto himself the soul of our dear brother here departed … ‘ .
the burial service in the book of common prayer : ‘ forasmuch as it has pleased almighty god … to take [to] himself the soul of our dear brother here departed … ‘ .

‘ Once more unto the breach , dear friends , once more ;
‘ once more [to] the breach , dear friends , once more ;

From Middle Paddock we pass ( still eastwards ) into the Lower one … Here the Dissecting-room … also a similar detached Loose Box … The Fleet Ditch here forms the boundary of the College ground … we , Students , in my days , now drawing near to seventy years since , too often left the study of Anatomy , during the absence of Mr Vines , to try our powers as Athletes by jumping over , not , however , infrequently into , the Ditch — unto a narrow road on the other side — the frontage to some half-dozen cottages .
from middle paddock we pass ( still eastwards ) into the lower one … here the dissecting-room … also a similar detached loose box … the fleet ditch here forms the boundary of the college ground … we , students , in my days , now drawing near to seventy years since , too often left the study of anatomy , during the absence of mr vines , to try our powers as athletes by jumping over , not , however , infrequently into , the ditch — [to] a narrow road on the other side — the frontage to some half-dozen cottages .

Andrew Houston marshalled them unto one group in a roadway well away from where the inrush of peat had occurred ; it was a place still free from sludge but they wondered for how long it would be so .
andrew houston marshalled them [to] one group in a roadway well away from where the inrush of peat had occurred ; it was a place still free from sludge but they wondered for how long it would be so .

‘ Then went Samson to Gaza and saw there a harlot , and went in unto her .
‘ then went samson to gaza and saw there a harlot , and went in [to] her .

There was even solid , respectable-like Bonanza whose heroes were like unto Saints .
there was even solid , respectable-like bonanza whose heroes were like [to] saints .

As inexorable as gravity brings the high jumper back to earth , so doth the winnings of the gambler return unto him who gave them .
as inexorable as gravity brings the high jumper back to earth , so doth the winnings of the gambler return [to] him who gave them .

But when it comes to overdrafts and cash-flow problems , the hanging gardens of Hampden Babylon , are a law unto themselves .
but when it comes to overdrafts and cash-flow problems , the hanging gardens of hampden babylon , are a law [to] themselves .

unto Him all ye that labour and
[to] him all ye that labour and

Having barely won reelection midway in this slaughter , Abraham Lincoln could only say of the reign of terror , “ Woe unto the world because of offences ! ” We had descended into the bloodiest war of our history without clear purposes or any understanding of how it might end .
having barely won reelection midway in this slaughter , abraham lincoln could only say of the reign of terror , “ woe [to] the world because of offences ! ” we had descended into the bloodiest war of our history without clear purposes or any understanding of how it might end .

The faithful object and insist on the teaching found in Matthew 22:21 : “ Render therefore , unto Caesar the things which are Caesar ’ s ; and unto God , the things that are God ’ s. ” 35 The constitutional right to “ freedom of religion , ” they argue , requires special exemptions for those who dissent , as a matter of conscience , from the laws applicable to others .
the faithful object and insist on the teaching found in matthew 22:21 : “ render therefore , [to] caesar the things which are caesar ’ s ; and [to] god , the things that are god ’ s. ” 35 the constitutional right to “ freedom of religion , ” they argue , requires special exemptions for those who dissent , as a matter of conscience , from the laws applicable to others .

Another world unto itself , the exhilarating chaos of Naples commands its magnificent bay , the visible isles of Ischia and Capri , and the ruins of Pompeii in the shadow of Vesuvius , its still active volcano .
another world [to] itself , the exhilarating chaos of naples commands its magnificent bay , the visible isles of ischia and capri , and the ruins of pompeii in the shadow of vesuvius , its still active volcano .

To the Balinese , the island is their universe—a world unto itself .
to the balinese , the island is their universe—a world [to] itself .

The case law is a whole body unto itself . ''
the case law is a whole body [to] itself . ''

The hype that greeted Blood Simple appears to have convinced them that they are sufficient unto themselves .
the hype that greeted blood simple appears to have convinced them that they are sufficient [to] themselves .

Someone has done unto you what you have been doing to others .
someone has done [to] you what you have been doing to others .

Maybe we should treasure all those bullet-riddled gangsta rappers , the only pop stars who do n't just talk the talk but walk the walk , even unto the grave .
maybe we should treasure all those bullet-riddled gangsta rappers , the only pop stars who do n't just talk the talk but walk the walk , even [to] the grave .

He that shall live this day , and see old age , Will bore his neighbours unto death , With tales of when and how The Old Man ( that 's me ! -- not Pop , not Nixon , not Reagan ! )
he that shall live this day , and see old age , will bore his neighbours [to] death , with tales of when and how the old man ( that 's me ! -- not pop , not nixon , not reagan ! )

He also laughed at the laugh at the laugh , and so on , unto eternity .
he also laughed at the laugh at the laugh , and so on , [to] eternity .

Render Unto the Representative What Is the Representative 's : On Capital Gang , the discussion turns to Republicans , homosexuality , and the Bible , whereupon host Mark Shields prods guest Rep. Bob Livingston , R-La. , for his opinion on the moral status of gays .
render [to] the representative what is the representative 's : on capital gang , the discussion turns to republicans , homosexuality , and the bible , whereupon host mark shields prods guest rep. bob livingston , r-la. , for his opinion on the moral status of gays .

He , only like himself , was second unto none.Whose death , though life , we rue and wrong , and all in vain do moan ; Their loss , not him , wail they that fill the world with cries ; Death slew not him , but he made death his ladder to the skies .
he , only like himself , was second [to] none.whose death , though life , we rue and wrong , and all in vain do moan ; their loss , not him , wail they that fill the world with cries ; death slew not him , but he made death his ladder to the skies .

Mayakovsky 's scowling , angular , shaven-headed poetic boxer 's mug was a dramatic advertising image unto itself , and Rodchenko 's six portraits of him made him an icon ( to be recycled endlessly in Soviet propaganda after Mayakovsky 's dubious 1930 suicide , an act which even if self-willed was certainly nudged along by the state ) .
mayakovsky 's scowling , angular , shaven-headed poetic boxer 's mug was a dramatic advertising image [to] itself , and rodchenko 's six portraits of him made him an icon ( to be recycled endlessly in soviet propaganda after mayakovsky 's dubious 1930 suicide , an act which even if self-willed was certainly nudged along by the state ) .

Stauffenberg was a very strange man who has to be considered as a phenomenon unto himself ( and will be , next week in Slate ) .
stauffenberg was a very strange man who has to be considered as a phenomenon [to] himself ( and will be , next week in slate ) .

Kruger and Dunning 's finding also calls to mind the quotation from Soren Kierkegaard 's The Sickness Unto Death that serves as the epigraph to Walker Percy 's novel The Moviegoer : `` [ T ] he specific character of despair is precisely this : it is unaware of being despair . ''
kruger and dunning 's finding also calls to mind the quotation from soren kierkegaard 's the sickness [to] death that serves as the epigraph to walker percy 's novel the moviegoer : `` [ t ] he specific character of despair is precisely this : it is unaware of being despair . ''

The tabs , on the other hand , have managed to turn the brazen , uncredited filch into an art form unto itself .
the tabs , on the other hand , have managed to turn the brazen , uncredited filch into an art form [to] itself .

Matthew 5:28 , for instance , says , `` I say unto you , that whosoever look unto a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart . ''
matthew 5:28 , for instance , says , `` i say [to] you , that whosoever look [to] a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart . ''

His best-known painting is a giant canvas of the Ecuadorian mountains called Heart of the Andes ( 1859 ) , which he displayed as if it were a theater of the real unto itself .
his best-known painting is a giant canvas of the ecuadorian mountains called heart of the andes ( 1859 ) , which he displayed as if it were a theater of the real [to] itself .

That 's a research project unto itself .
that 's a research project [to] itself .

Journalistically , your answer almost has to be `` yes , '' but I 've noticed an underlying love for all things rendered unto Gates .
journalistically , your answer almost has to be `` yes , '' but i 've noticed an underlying love for all things rendered [to] gates .

Abraham Lincoln wrote the Second Inaugural Address knowing full well that his biblical tropes ( `` woe unto the world because of offenses ! ''
abraham lincoln wrote the second inaugural address knowing full well that his biblical tropes ( `` woe [to] the world because of offenses ! ''

OED2e offers a quotation dating from 1610 : There runneth forth into the sea a certaine shelfe or slang , like unto an out-thrust tongue .
oed2e offers a quotation dating from 1610 : there runneth forth into the sea a certaine shelfe or slang , like [to] an out-thrust tongue .

Do unto others as they Do unto others as you would do unto you .
do [to] others as they do [to] others as you would do [to] you .

What all the several ills , that visit earth , Plague , famine , fire , could not reach unto , The sword , nor surfeits , let thy fury do .
what all the several ills , that visit earth , plague , famine , fire , could not reach [to] , the sword , nor surfeits , let thy fury do .

Here was gospel that cut to the chase : Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek and ye shall find ; filthy lucre ; Eat , drink and be merry ; salt of the earth ; signs of the times ; a law unto themselves .
here was gospel that cut to the chase : ask , and it shall be given you ; seek and ye shall find ; filthy lucre ; eat , drink and be merry ; salt of the earth ; signs of the times ; a law [to] themselves .

As it happens , the original form was till , with until being formed from unto ` up to ' + till .
as it happens , the original form was till , with until being formed from [to] ` up to ' + till .

