The spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident , expectedly , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's coastline .
the spectacular [upward surge] in pleasure boating is markedly evident , expectedly , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's coastline .

It is interesting , however , that despite this strong upsurge in Southern writing , almost none of the writers has forsaken the firmly entrenched concept of the white-suited big-daddy colonel sipping a mint julep as he silently recounts the revenue from the season's cotton and tobacco crops ; ;
it is interesting , however , that despite this strong [upward surge] in southern writing , almost none of the writers has forsaken the firmly entrenched concept of the white-suited big-daddy colonel sipping a mint julep as he silently recounts the revenue from the season's cotton and tobacco crops ; ;

That we are experiencing an upsurge of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature .
that we are experiencing an [upward surge] of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature .

Once a way of beating the British winter it 's now being beaten by the upsurge in all-weather pitches outside .
once a way of beating the british winter it 's now being beaten by the [upward surge] in all-weather pitches outside .

Latest figures issued by Darlington 's Citizen 's Advice Bureau show a massive upsurge in the number of new inquiries .
latest figures issued by darlington 's citizen 's advice bureau show a massive [upward surge] in the number of new inquiries .

The country is horrified by the upsurge in violent crime , typified by the killing of young James Bulger . But what is the cause ? Brian Pendreigh explores the many arguments which lay the blame on television and films , and Audrey Gillan reports on a computer playing a vital part in the search for the Merseyside murderer
the country is horrified by the [upward surge] in violent crime , typified by the killing of young james bulger . but what is the cause ? brian pendreigh explores the many arguments which lay the blame on television and films , and audrey gillan reports on a computer playing a vital part in the search for the merseyside murderer

The new policy has been introduced as a direct result of last year 's upsurge in British Airways holiday bookings when the Belfast-London supplement was slashed to £25 .
the new policy has been introduced as a direct result of last year 's [upward surge] in british airways holiday bookings when the belfast-london supplement was slashed to £25 .

Both Governments regard the current upsurge in loyalist murders as an urgent incentive to get the political parties back around the negotiating table .
both governments regard the current [upward surge] in loyalist murders as an urgent incentive to get the political parties back around the negotiating table .

Speaking before the meeting — which began almost an hour late after the Irish party 's flight from Dublin was delayed — Secretary of State Sir Patrick Mayhew spoke of the concern , felt in both London and Dublin , about the upsurge in violence .
speaking before the meeting — which began almost an hour late after the irish party 's flight from dublin was delayed — secretary of state sir patrick mayhew spoke of the concern , felt in both london and dublin , about the [upward surge] in violence .

He denounced what he called the appalling upsurge of ‘ vicious loyalist violence ’ , in which four people were murdered in five days .
he denounced what he called the appalling [upward surge] of ‘ vicious loyalist violence ’ , in which four people were murdered in five days .

The detection of insider dealing has increased ( although the conviction rate is still poor ) , and this is likely to be a reflection of better channels of detection rather than any upsurge in the problem as previously it was not a criminal offence ( and in some circles was regarded as a perk of the job ) .
the detection of insider dealing has increased ( although the conviction rate is still poor ) , and this is likely to be a reflection of better channels of detection rather than any [upward surge] in the problem as previously it was not a criminal offence ( and in some circles was regarded as a perk of the job ) .

The latest flu epidemic could be followed by an upsurge in the number of cases of meningitis .
the latest flu epidemic could be followed by an [upward surge] in the number of cases of meningitis .

The recent upsurge in violence was also due for discussion at the Dublin meeting , which involved Fine Gael leader John Bruton and Progressive Democrat leader Des O'Malley .
the recent [upward surge] in violence was also due for discussion at the dublin meeting , which involved fine gael leader john bruton and progressive democrat leader des o'malley .

The fact-finding visit comes in the aftermath of an upsurge in loyalist violence and comments by Albert Reynolds that the violence underlined the urgent need for inter-party talks to be resumed .
the fact-finding visit comes in the aftermath of an [upward surge] in loyalist violence and comments by albert reynolds that the violence underlined the urgent need for inter-party talks to be resumed .

Security chiefs were meeting today in a bid to counter the current upsurge in loyalist violence which has claimed four lives in as many days .
security chiefs were meeting today in a bid to counter the current [upward surge] in loyalist violence which has claimed four lives in as many days .

Of course if there was a sudden upsurge in industrial activity and demand , that situation could be reversed , but international trends clearly do n't suggest any dramatic increase in industrial production , so we have an excess of electricity demand at the moment .
of course if there was a sudden [upward surge] in industrial activity and demand , that situation could be reversed , but international trends clearly do n't suggest any dramatic increase in industrial production , so we have an excess of electricity demand at the moment .

His government blames the upsurge of violence on the record inflow of immigrants this year .
his government blames the [upward surge] of violence on the record inflow of immigrants this year .

On the one hand , the Church of England had managed to insult and harass its lesbian and gay members ( it is not known how many left in disgust ) , and had helped to justify to the public the upsurge in homophobic discrimination and violence which was taking place at the time .
on the one hand , the church of england had managed to insult and harass its lesbian and gay members ( it is not known how many left in disgust ) , and had helped to justify to the public the [upward surge] in homophobic discrimination and violence which was taking place at the time .

Recently there has been an upsurge of interest in its use with deafened adults .
recently there has been an [upward surge] of interest in its use with deafened adults .

Curious in that with the bulk of the country 's youth taking their cultural signposts from America and the more visceral thrills offered by rock ' n'roll , it seems strange that such a dated and wrinkly musical form should enjoy such an upsurge in fortunes , particularly when it faced competition from sexier young pups operating in the rock idiom such as Tommy Steele and Cliff Richard .
curious in that with the bulk of the country 's youth taking their cultural signposts from america and the more visceral thrills offered by rock ' n'roll , it seems strange that such a dated and wrinkly musical form should enjoy such an [upward surge] in fortunes , particularly when it faced competition from sexier young pups operating in the rock idiom such as tommy steele and cliff richard .

The confident mood of the left in the 1960s had been part of a sudden wider upsurge in creativity concentrated on the arts , pop music , fashion , ‘ lifestyle ’ and sexual attitudes .
the confident mood of the left in the 1960s had been part of a sudden wider [upward surge] in creativity concentrated on the arts , pop music , fashion , ‘ lifestyle ’ and sexual attitudes .

His conversion led to an upsurge of praise the pressure of which could not be denied .
his conversion led to an [upward surge] of praise the pressure of which could not be denied .

In 1983–4 there was a sudden upsurge in legal calls , mainly centring around ‘ pretty police ’ activity in the London area and a spate of cottaging entrapments .
in 1983–4 there was a sudden [upward surge] in legal calls , mainly centring around ‘ pretty police ’ activity in the london area and a spate of cottaging entrapments .

The Charismatics — part of this evangelical upsurge — feel they have been blessed with the direct gifts of the holy spirit , and one of the main ways in which this manifests itself is speaking in tongues .
the charismatics — part of this evangelical [upward surge] — feel they have been blessed with the direct gifts of the holy spirit , and one of the main ways in which this manifests itself is speaking in tongues .

Saying that it suffered a sudden drop in demand during last year 's third quarter , an upsurge in the normally strong fourth quarter , and another significant decline in early 1993 , Amdahl Corp last week announced a big new round of cuts , saying that 1,100 jobs , 12.9 % of its worldwide workforce , must go in response to current market conditions .
saying that it suffered a sudden drop in demand during last year 's third quarter , an [upward surge] in the normally strong fourth quarter , and another significant decline in early 1993 , amdahl corp last week announced a big new round of cuts , saying that 1,100 jobs , 12.9 % of its worldwide workforce , must go in response to current market conditions .

Not insignificant in this respect has been the upsurge of Soviet submarine activity in Swedish and Norwegian waters from the time a Whisky class submarine ran aground in October 1981 ; in August 1984 , these incursions were given a new twist by a Sukhoi fighter bomber 's six minute escort of a Swedish airliner into Swedish airspace . There is no self-evident motivation for these intrusions , but three hypotheses present themselves :
not insignificant in this respect has been the [upward surge] of soviet submarine activity in swedish and norwegian waters from the time a whisky class submarine ran aground in october 1981 ; in august 1984 , these incursions were given a new twist by a sukhoi fighter bomber 's six minute escort of a swedish airliner into swedish airspace . there is no self-evident motivation for these intrusions , but three hypotheses present themselves :

‘ Because of the recession we are experiencing an upsurge in admissions from the private sector , ’ he said .
‘ because of the recession we are experiencing an [upward surge] in admissions from the private sector , ’ he said .

Australian coach Bob Dwyer agrees Welsh rugby is on the upsurge again .
australian coach bob dwyer agrees welsh rugby is on the [upward surge] again .

One indication of the widening appeal of pacifism was an upsurge of agitation among working-class women .
one indication of the widening appeal of pacifism was an [upward surge] of agitation among working-class women .

When , in August 1920 , the threat of British military intervention against Soviet troops advancing into Poland , triggered a massive upsurge of anti-war sentiment , it seemed that a new wave of revolutionary pacifism might erupt , taking up where the crisis of January 1918 had left off .
when , in august 1920 , the threat of british military intervention against soviet troops advancing into poland , triggered a massive [upward surge] of anti-war sentiment , it seemed that a new wave of revolutionary pacifism might erupt , taking up where the crisis of january 1918 had left off .

’ The Home Office agreed , attributing the upsurge to the ‘ general fear of war that exists in the lower middle and working classes , and not to any tenderness for Russia .
’ the home office agreed , attributing the [upward surge] to the ‘ general fear of war that exists in the lower middle and working classes , and not to any tenderness for russia .

It marked an upsurge in the family fortunes in every way .
it marked an [upward surge] in the family fortunes in every way .

The call came as Israel arrested a freelance Palestinian journalist covering the latest upsurge in violence .
the call came as israel arrested a freelance palestinian journalist covering the latest [upward surge] in violence .

Not only that , but post-revolutionary France would have represented atheism at worst , Catholicism at best ; little wonder that a good Baptist lad , fired by an upsurge of patriotism which temporarily united all Englishmen in opposition to a common foe , should have joined the struggle .
not only that , but post-revolutionary france would have represented atheism at worst , catholicism at best ; little wonder that a good baptist lad , fired by an [upward surge] of patriotism which temporarily united all englishmen in opposition to a common foe , should have joined the struggle .

Nor does any upsurge in lending look likely to improve operating profits .
nor does any [upward surge] in lending look likely to improve operating profits .

The existence of successful black sportsmen in Britain is not the recent phenomenon it is often considered to be , though the upsurge in the post-war years makes it appear that way .
the existence of successful black sportsmen in britain is not the recent phenomenon it is often considered to be , though the [upward surge] in the post-war years makes it appear that way .

International representations in athletics came in abundance with Ainsley Bennett , Mike MacFarlane and Daley Thompson and football went through a veritable upsurge in the 1978–9 season with the likes of Viv Anderson , Laurie Cunningham , Cyrille Regis , Garry Thompson providing the vanguard of a train of black first-division players .
international representations in athletics came in abundance with ainsley bennett , mike macfarlane and daley thompson and football went through a veritable [upward surge] in the 1978–9 season with the likes of viv anderson , laurie cunningham , cyrille regis , garry thompson providing the vanguard of a train of black first-division players .

Yet , as we shall see , the last few years have witnessed a remarkable upsurge in research in those areas where quantification is possible , such as strike activity and its determinants ( see Chapter 6 ) .
yet , as we shall see , the last few years have witnessed a remarkable [upward surge] in research in those areas where quantification is possible , such as strike activity and its determinants ( see chapter 6 ) .

Perhaps the tremendous upsurge of female creativity over the last hundred years or so , particularly in the fields of literature and art , may be connected with the increasing desire of women to use for themselves ‘ the light principle ’ .
perhaps the tremendous [upward surge] of female creativity over the last hundred years or so , particularly in the fields of literature and art , may be connected with the increasing desire of women to use for themselves ‘ the light principle ’ .

This was in part a response to an upsurge in militant opposition to food shortages and profiteering which was simultaneously driving many trade unionists into cooperation .
this was in part a response to an [upward surge] in militant opposition to food shortages and profiteering which was simultaneously driving many trade unionists into cooperation .

It was also this same period — primarily the 1960s — that witnessed the academic upsurge in the human capital theory .
it was also this same period — primarily the 1960s — that witnessed the academic [upward surge] in the human capital theory .

The second criticism is that though public expenditure and public employment have been reduced during the last five years , this has not resulted in any upsurge of employment in the marketed sector .
the second criticism is that though public expenditure and public employment have been reduced during the last five years , this has not resulted in any [upward surge] of employment in the marketed sector .

All this was poised to change rather rapidly by the late 1980s as these groups , plus the third largest American hotel chain Ramada , made a determined effort to increase their stake in London in particular , on the backs of the upsurge in American tourists coming to the United Kingdom largely because of exchange rate changes .
all this was poised to change rather rapidly by the late 1980s as these groups , plus the third largest american hotel chain ramada , made a determined effort to increase their stake in london in particular , on the backs of the [upward surge] in american tourists coming to the united kingdom largely because of exchange rate changes .

The upsurge of interest in tachistoscopic laterality research which has taken place during the last two decades or so can be traced in part to the split-brain investigations and in part to an experiment conducted by Mishkin and Forgays ( 1952 ) .
the [upward surge] of interest in tachistoscopic laterality research which has taken place during the last two decades or so can be traced in part to the split-brain investigations and in part to an experiment conducted by mishkin and forgays ( 1952 ) .

From the 1880s the State itself sponsored an upsurge in heavy industry .
from the 1880s the state itself sponsored an [upward surge] in heavy industry .

The initial public response to the outbreak of war was an upsurge of patriotic fervour , at any rate among the middle and upper classes : the Kadet leadership in the Duma called for a political truce and national unity against the common enemy .
the initial public response to the outbreak of war was an [upward surge] of patriotic fervour , at any rate among the middle and upper classes : the kadet leadership in the duma called for a political truce and national unity against the common enemy .

Moreover , there was an upsurge in nationalist agitation : demands for varying degrees of autonomy were made by minorities from the Baltic to the Caucasus .
moreover , there was an [upward surge] in nationalist agitation : demands for varying degrees of autonomy were made by minorities from the baltic to the caucasus .

In the immediate pre-war period Britain , Germany and to a lesser extent France witnessed a dramatic upsurge of labour militancy .
in the immediate pre-war period britain , germany and to a lesser extent france witnessed a dramatic [upward surge] of labour militancy .

Nor does the evidence of a renewed upsurge of potentially revolutionary protest from below in the immediate pre-war years suggest that this source of their inhibition would fade with time .
nor does the evidence of a renewed [upward surge] of potentially revolutionary protest from below in the immediate pre-war years suggest that this source of their inhibition would fade with time .

But the notion that the raznochintsy 's ‘ closer ties with the people ’ explain the upsurge of radicalism is rejected .
but the notion that the raznochintsy 's ‘ closer ties with the people ’ explain the [upward surge] of radicalism is rejected .

The upsurge in student activism in the late 1860s did coincide with a rise in the proportion of raznochintsy in higher education , many of the newcomers being sons of priests .
the [upward surge] in student activism in the late 1860s did coincide with a rise in the proportion of raznochintsy in higher education , many of the newcomers being sons of priests .

Towards the end of 1977 , ‘ Greek Chris ’ Stylianou , Virgin 's exports manager , suddenly noticed an upsurge of orders for reggae records for export to Nigeria .
towards the end of 1977 , ‘ greek chris ’ stylianou , virgin 's exports manager , suddenly noticed an [upward surge] of orders for reggae records for export to nigeria .

The Spirit , active in an upsurge of prophecy , active in the birth of John and Jesus , rests upon Jesus and in its power he carries out his mighty works and after the resurrection imparts that same Spirit to his disciples .
the spirit , active in an [upward surge] of prophecy , active in the birth of john and jesus , rests upon jesus and in its power he carries out his mighty works and after the resurrection imparts that same spirit to his disciples .

In the longer run , a measure which drew the line between voters and voteless was bound to increase the consciousness of the latter in ways that would encourage an upsurge of working-class political aspirations .
in the longer run , a measure which drew the line between voters and voteless was bound to increase the consciousness of the latter in ways that would encourage an [upward surge] of working-class political aspirations .

The trade unions are a problematic force both in and on the uneasy edges of the system of power ; a variety of factors have conspired to produce an upsurge of competing participants and conflicting demands ; elected governments have frequently shown themselves to be weak and vacillating in the face of pressures and problems ; and certain democratic aspects of the British polity have heaped problems on to the capitalist economy in a way that has `` crowded out `` opportunities for growth .
the trade unions are a problematic force both in and on the uneasy edges of the system of power ; a variety of factors have conspired to produce an [upward surge] of competing participants and conflicting demands ; elected governments have frequently shown themselves to be weak and vacillating in the face of pressures and problems ; and certain democratic aspects of the british polity have heaped problems on to the capitalist economy in a way that has `` crowded out `` opportunities for growth .

The upsurge in public concern over environmental quality issues during the latter half of 1969 led to the enactment of the National Environmental Policy Act , which was passed with limited debate or opposition despite it being so fundamental and innovative a measure .
the [upward surge] in public concern over environmental quality issues during the latter half of 1969 led to the enactment of the national environmental policy act , which was passed with limited debate or opposition despite it being so fundamental and innovative a measure .

This extreme Euro-centric viewpoint was called into question following the fading of prospects for proletarian revolution in Europe , an upsurge in the activities of national liberation movements and the emergence of the national and colonial question within Soviet Russia itself .
this extreme euro-centric viewpoint was called into question following the fading of prospects for proletarian revolution in europe , an [upward surge] in the activities of national liberation movements and the emergence of the national and colonial question within soviet russia itself .

Fimrite ( 1976:204 ) disputes that alcohol is to blame for the apparent upsurge of violence in the 1970s .
fimrite ( 1976:204 ) disputes that alcohol is to blame for the apparent [upward surge] of violence in the 1970s .

The introduction of this policy coincided with an upsurge in ‘ terrorist ’ activity ( Brewer et al .
the introduction of this policy coincided with an [upward surge] in ‘ terrorist ’ activity ( brewer et al .

given the ‘ Constitutional Independence ’ ( but political reliability ) of the judiciary , there will be no concerted effort to prevent or curtail the steady drift towards more frequent use of severe penal sanctions whenever many judges and magistrates react to their perceptions of growing or potential disruption resulting from the upsurge in the volume of unemployment and an intensification of class conflict in general .
given the ‘ constitutional independence ’ ( but political reliability ) of the judiciary , there will be no concerted effort to prevent or curtail the steady drift towards more frequent use of severe penal sanctions whenever many judges and magistrates react to their perceptions of growing or potential disruption resulting from the [upward surge] in the volume of unemployment and an intensification of class conflict in general .

Local authorities had the power to build houses for sale and to sell houses originally built for renting before 1980 , but the proportion of dwellings sold was relatively slight until the Conservative government of 1970–4 presided over a substantial upsurge in sales .
local authorities had the power to build houses for sale and to sell houses originally built for renting before 1980 , but the proportion of dwellings sold was relatively slight until the conservative government of 1970–4 presided over a substantial [upward surge] in sales .

Perhaps part of the reason for the upsurge in portraiture is due to the fact that there are so many talented young women painting now .
perhaps part of the reason for the [upward surge] in portraiture is due to the fact that there are so many talented young women painting now .

They visibly sharpened at the end of the decade as medics were forced onto the defensive by a growing feminist campaign demanding the repeal of the acts — itself part of the wider upsurge of the mid-Victorian women 's movement .
they visibly sharpened at the end of the decade as medics were forced onto the defensive by a growing feminist campaign demanding the repeal of the acts — itself part of the wider [upward surge] of the mid-victorian women 's movement .

Her analysis may have been inflected by the upsurge of a new wave of militant feminism in the early twentieth century from which she felt distanced .
her analysis may have been inflected by the [upward surge] of a new wave of militant feminism in the early twentieth century from which she felt distanced .

Melling ( 1983 ) has argued that the fight against evictions was not organized by ‘ Red Clydeside ’ political activists , but was a spontaneous upsurge by Glasgow housewives : women munitions workers and soldiers ' wives and mothers who responded to grievance by withholding rent increases .
melling ( 1983 ) has argued that the fight against evictions was not organized by ‘ red clydeside ’ political activists , but was a spontaneous [upward surge] by glasgow housewives : women munitions workers and soldiers ' wives and mothers who responded to grievance by withholding rent increases .

The final twist to the whole presentation graphics story must be the current upsurge in interest in Desktop Video .
the final twist to the whole presentation graphics story must be the current [upward surge] in interest in desktop video .

The 1980s saw a great upsurge of interest in the environment .
the 1980s saw a great [upward surge] of interest in the environment .

The latest incidents come just hours after yesterday 's fatal accident inquiry into the upsurge of drug deaths in the city .
the latest incidents come just hours after yesterday 's fatal accident inquiry into the [upward surge] of drug deaths in the city .

For example , if there is an upsurge in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to grant additional loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no additional liquid assets .
for example , if there is an [upward surge] in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to grant additional loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no additional liquid assets .

But what had caused that violent upsurge of emotion ?
but what had caused that violent [upward surge] of emotion ?

Faced with a massive upsurge in poaching , Zimbabwe has embarked on a crash programme of de-horning its remaining black rhino population , in an effort to make the animals worthless to the poachers .
faced with a massive [upward surge] in poaching , zimbabwe has embarked on a crash programme of de-horning its remaining black rhino population , in an effort to make the animals worthless to the poachers .

The recent upsurge in poaching has been dramatic .
the recent [upward surge] in poaching has been dramatic .

The upsurge in quarrying takes place against a background of increased poaching and harvesting of forest produce , while hundreds of people who had been moved out of the park in the past are now starting to return .
the [upward surge] in quarrying takes place against a background of increased poaching and harvesting of forest produce , while hundreds of people who had been moved out of the park in the past are now starting to return .

Arbroath abbey was to provide the setting for another nationalistic upsurge in our own century .
arbroath abbey was to provide the setting for another nationalistic [upward surge] in our own century .

Infancy and early childhood are the time of basic sexual development ; pre-puberty — despite the `` latency `` concept — is the phase of accommodation to social thinking and relationships , and of first establishment of gender identity ; adolescence itself is marked by an upsurge of sexual feeling , establishment of sexual identity and — perhaps to an increasing extent — first true sexual experience .
infancy and early childhood are the time of basic sexual development ; pre-puberty — despite the `` latency `` concept — is the phase of accommodation to social thinking and relationships , and of first establishment of gender identity ; adolescence itself is marked by an [upward surge] of sexual feeling , establishment of sexual identity and — perhaps to an increasing extent — first true sexual experience .

They were attending a seminar entitled ‘ Communication and the Upsurge of Ethno-Religious Conflicts in Asia : Towards Intercultural Understanding and Community ’ .
they were attending a seminar entitled ‘ communication and the [upward surge] of ethno-religious conflicts in asia : towards intercultural understanding and community ’ .

In analysing the upsurge of conflict along the lines of ethnicity and religion , the group found that ‘ local cultures have emerged or are starting to emerge for the restoration of what they think was stolen from them — their autonomy , their language , their culture .
in analysing the [upward surge] of conflict along the lines of ethnicity and religion , the group found that ‘ local cultures have emerged or are starting to emerge for the restoration of what they think was stolen from them — their autonomy , their language , their culture .

This has bearing in England because , although like the Continental upsurge , the rise in illegitimacy began around 1750 , the illegitimacy rates of English cities were , unlike the European cities , beneath those of the surrounding countryside and were in fact lower than European figures .
this has bearing in england because , although like the continental [upward surge] , the rise in illegitimacy began around 1750 , the illegitimacy rates of english cities were , unlike the european cities , beneath those of the surrounding countryside and were in fact lower than european figures .

Burakumin were conspicuous in the rice riots which erupted in 1918 , and during the 1920s buraku leaders were drawn into the general upsurge of left wing activism .
burakumin were conspicuous in the rice riots which erupted in 1918 , and during the 1920s buraku leaders were drawn into the general [upward surge] of left wing activism .

They reacted , in particular , to the upsurge in proletarian and , from the turn of the century , peasant unrest .
they reacted , in particular , to the [upward surge] in proletarian and , from the turn of the century , peasant unrest .

But in fashioning his movement , Baden-Powell skilfully wove together any number of the political questions that preoccupied his contemporaries , and the movement 's spectacular growth drew on deep funds of social anxiety — anxieties which invariably settled around the excessive liberty allowed to young people and the attendant demoralisation which was , in turn , linked to a newly perceived upsurge in crime and violence among the young .
but in fashioning his movement , baden-powell skilfully wove together any number of the political questions that preoccupied his contemporaries , and the movement 's spectacular growth drew on deep funds of social anxiety — anxieties which invariably settled around the excessive liberty allowed to young people and the attendant demoralisation which was , in turn , linked to a newly perceived [upward surge] in crime and violence among the young .

In a recent analysis of the garotting panic of 1862 , Jennifer Davis has argued that there was in fact no startling upsurge in crimes of violence which could justify the extent of the alarm .
in a recent analysis of the garotting panic of 1862 , jennifer davis has argued that there was in fact no startling [upward surge] in crimes of violence which could justify the extent of the alarm .

They were victims of the upsurge in political executions which have occurred in Iraq since the end of the Iran/Iraq war .
they were victims of the [upward surge] in political executions which have occurred in iraq since the end of the iran/iraq war .

This arrangement worked fine until a decade or so ago , when high rates of inflation , increased benefits and an upsurge in the number of pensioners threatened the fund 's solvency .
this arrangement worked fine until a decade or so ago , when high rates of inflation , increased benefits and an [upward surge] in the number of pensioners threatened the fund 's solvency .

There was an upsurge in violence during June and July , with an increasing number of incidents being claimed by or attributed to white extremists .
there was an [upward surge] in violence during june and july , with an increasing number of incidents being claimed by or attributed to white extremists .

The death of Gaviria Rivero was expected to provoke an new upsurge in violence following two weeks of relative calm since the Medellín cartel 's declaration of a unilateral truce on July 27 .
the death of gaviria rivero was expected to provoke an new [upward surge] in violence following two weeks of relative calm since the medellín cartel 's declaration of a unilateral truce on july 27 .

An upsurge in foreign travel by Romanians was predicted in the light of the government decree granting Romanian citizens the right to a passport .
an [upward surge] in foreign travel by romanians was predicted in the light of the government decree granting romanian citizens the right to a passport .

An estimated 13 people had been killed in violent incidents on the previous day , in what amounted to a serious upsurge in township unrest .
an estimated 13 people had been killed in violent incidents on the previous day , in what amounted to a serious [upward surge] in township unrest .

The United States ambassador Thomas Stroock was recalled to Washington on March 5 for consultations , in protest at the failure of the government of President Vinicio Cerezo to contain an upsurge in assassinations widely attributed to right-wing extremists in the Army .
the united states ambassador thomas stroock was recalled to washington on march 5 for consultations , in protest at the failure of the government of president vinicio cerezo to contain an [upward surge] in assassinations widely attributed to right-wing extremists in the army .

This upsurge in lawlessness , coupled with a worsening economic situation and the rise of corruption among officials [ see pp .
this [upward surge] in lawlessness , coupled with a worsening economic situation and the rise of corruption among officials [ see pp .

In December 1989 `` a new upsurge in the Army on learning from Lei Feng `` was reported , following a call by Yang Baibing in August to learn from the `` lofty communist moral character `` of model soldier Lei Feng [ for resurgence of Lei Feng cult in early 1988 see p. 36103 ] .
in december 1989 `` a new [upward surge] in the army on learning from lei feng `` was reported , following a call by yang baibing in august to learn from the `` lofty communist moral character `` of model soldier lei feng [ for resurgence of lei feng cult in early 1988 see p. 36103 ] .

In the late medieval period , although the sense of unity in the Church was stretched to near breaking point as the upsurge of spiritual enthusiasm from the grass roots which had been fostered by the Church 's own mission for reform since the thirteenth century became viewed as a potential threat by the establishment , there was nevertheless a fruitful tension between individual and corporate senses of identity .
in the late medieval period , although the sense of unity in the church was stretched to near breaking point as the [upward surge] of spiritual enthusiasm from the grass roots which had been fostered by the church 's own mission for reform since the thirteenth century became viewed as a potential threat by the establishment , there was nevertheless a fruitful tension between individual and corporate senses of identity .

This upsurge in lay piety in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries also fostered particular reading habits .
this [upward surge] in lay piety in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries also fostered particular reading habits .

During the past few years there has been an upsurge of interest in the use of open ended investigative work in science with pupils of all ages .
during the past few years there has been an [upward surge] of interest in the use of open ended investigative work in science with pupils of all ages .

Over the past few years the media across Europe have devoted increasing attention to what is often sen as an upsurge of political activity by ordinary citizens .
over the past few years the media across europe have devoted increasing attention to what is often sen as an [upward surge] of political activity by ordinary citizens .

There has been an upsurge in theft of cars and their contents .
there has been an [upward surge] in theft of cars and their contents .

Namibia is particularly interesting because of its `` desert `` elephants and black rhinos , which have suffered a recent upsurge in poaching and may become even more vulnerable as the country moves towards independence . ``
namibia is particularly interesting because of its `` desert `` elephants and black rhinos , which have suffered a recent [upward surge] in poaching and may become even more vulnerable as the country moves towards independence . ``

The full horror of an appalling upsurge in terrorism was illustrated in Belfast today at an anti-violence procession .
the full horror of an appalling [upward surge] in terrorism was illustrated in belfast today at an anti-violence procession .

Such studies were hardly a basis for advocating that tax cuts would lead to an upsurge in work effort !
such studies were hardly a basis for advocating that tax cuts would lead to an [upward surge] in work effort !

In summary , those who advocate ‘ supply side economics ’ , with tax reduction a key instrument for improving economic incentives , leading to an upsurge of productive activity , receive limited support from empirical studies .
in summary , those who advocate ‘ supply side economics ’ , with tax reduction a key instrument for improving economic incentives , leading to an [upward surge] of productive activity , receive limited support from empirical studies .

Out of Private Eye , too , came , briefly , the Establishment Club , set up in the week of the magazine 's launch , capitalizing on the upsurge and faintly echoing Greenwich Village 's more vibrant nightlife .
out of private eye , too , came , briefly , the establishment club , set up in the week of the magazine 's launch , capitalizing on the [upward surge] and faintly echoing greenwich village 's more vibrant nightlife .

Some people did feel guilty about having called the police and having stopped the upsurge .
some people did feel guilty about having called the police and having stopped the [upward surge] .

But it was n't that fierce , unpleasant upsurge of heat ; this was quite different — a warmth , a harmony , an acknowledgement that at times they could be in perfect accord .
but it was n't that fierce , unpleasant [upward surge] of heat ; this was quite different — a warmth , a harmony , an acknowledgement that at times they could be in perfect accord .

Home-working has also seen a considerable upsurge — with women as its most thoroughly exploited victims .
home-working has also seen a considerable [upward surge] — with women as its most thoroughly exploited victims .

Has my right hon. Friend seen the view of the chief constable of west Yorkshire , Mr. Peter Nobes , that the upsurge in the taking of motor vehicles has probably occurred since the change in the Criminal Justice Act 1988 , which reduced the unauthorised taking of a motor vehicle to a summary offence triable only at a magistrates court ? He believes that the deterrent effect , which no longer seems to exist for young people , should be reinstated . Is my right hon. Friend willing to consider that further ?
has my right hon. friend seen the view of the chief constable of west yorkshire , mr. peter nobes , that the [upward surge] in the taking of motor vehicles has probably occurred since the change in the criminal justice act 1988 , which reduced the unauthorised taking of a motor vehicle to a summary offence triable only at a magistrates court ? he believes that the deterrent effect , which no longer seems to exist for young people , should be reinstated . is my right hon. friend willing to consider that further ?

Many devices and initiatives are available , but the view of West Yorkshire 's chief constable is this : ’ It is interesting to note that the upsurge in vehicle crime began in earnest in 1989 .
many devices and initiatives are available , but the view of west yorkshire 's chief constable is this : ’ it is interesting to note that the [upward surge] in vehicle crime began in earnest in 1989 .

All terrorist crime is detestable , whoever the victims , but does not my right hon. Friend agree that the recent upsurge of violence has made more urgent the granting of the Chief Constable 's request for at least 400 additional men in his establishment ?
all terrorist crime is detestable , whoever the victims , but does not my right hon. friend agree that the recent [upward surge] of violence has made more urgent the granting of the chief constable 's request for at least 400 additional men in his establishment ?

Will the Home Secretary confirm that he is about to launch a £5 million campaign involving the glitzy television commercials that have been his trademark in every office of state that he has held ? Is not it a fact that he never learns from experience ? Last year , his May campaign — national crime prevention week — cost £4.5 million , yet the three-months ' figures for crime following that expenditure showed an upsurge in crime . When will the Government spend less on advertising and more on the police and crime prevention ?
will the home secretary confirm that he is about to launch a £5 million campaign involving the glitzy television commercials that have been his trademark in every office of state that he has held ? is not it a fact that he never learns from experience ? last year , his may campaign — national crime prevention week — cost £4.5 million , yet the three-months ' figures for crime following that expenditure showed an [upward surge] in crime . when will the government spend less on advertising and more on the police and crime prevention ?

What did finesse have to do with that wild upsurge of feeling which had almost overwhelmed her ?
what did finesse have to do with that wild [upward surge] of feeling which had almost overwhelmed her ?

His two pamphlets written during the First World War ( Durkheim , 1915a , 1915b ) show a total disregard — astonishing in a sociologist — for the social causes of the war ; the first provides a brief diplomatic history of the events leading up to the war , intended to demonstrate German ‘ guilt ’ , while the second naively analyses , during the postwar period , in nationalist movements and the formation of nation states is easily understandable , since it coincided in the first place with an upsurge of nationalism directed specifically against the economic and political dominance of the Western capitalist countries — where the great majority of sociologists live and work — which created an entirely new situation and new problems for those countries .
his two pamphlets written during the first world war ( durkheim , 1915a , 1915b ) show a total disregard — astonishing in a sociologist — for the social causes of the war ; the first provides a brief diplomatic history of the events leading up to the war , intended to demonstrate german ‘ guilt ’ , while the second naively analyses , during the postwar period , in nationalist movements and the formation of nation states is easily understandable , since it coincided in the first place with an [upward surge] of nationalism directed specifically against the economic and political dominance of the western capitalist countries — where the great majority of sociologists live and work — which created an entirely new situation and new problems for those countries .

Maria had loved radio with a passion from early childhood , her faith in its power to survive unimpaired through all the years when television threatened to make it obsolete , and justified now that it was enjoying an upsurge in popularity in so many countries , thriving new stations almost daily news at present .
maria had loved radio with a passion from early childhood , her faith in its power to survive unimpaired through all the years when television threatened to make it obsolete , and justified now that it was enjoying an [upward surge] in popularity in so many countries , thriving new stations almost daily news at present .

The upsurge of young talent at present must make 1993 Short 's only realistic chance to take the title and his personal dislike for the current world champion , which Short makes no attempt to hide , may add an extra edge .
the [upward surge] of young talent at present must make 1993 short 's only realistic chance to take the title and his personal dislike for the current world champion , which short makes no attempt to hide , may add an extra edge .

Upsurge of discontent
[upward surge] of discontent

The distribution was apparently hampered by strict curfew regulations , imposed in the occupied territories as a security measure since the morning of Jan. 16 in view of the level of popular support for Saddam Hussein and to ward off a fresh upsurge in the Palestinian intifada .
the distribution was apparently hampered by strict curfew regulations , imposed in the occupied territories as a security measure since the morning of jan. 16 in view of the level of popular support for saddam hussein and to ward off a fresh [upward surge] in the palestinian intifada .

The cost of a range of goods and services remained unchanged , however , this list including medical supplies , petrol and electricity , and also coffee and vodka ( the controversial decision not to raise the vodka price was justified in terms of preventing an upsurge in illegal distillation , as had happened when the price had been raised during the anti-alcohol campaign started in 1985 — see p. 35844 ) .
the cost of a range of goods and services remained unchanged , however , this list including medical supplies , petrol and electricity , and also coffee and vodka ( the controversial decision not to raise the vodka price was justified in terms of preventing an [upward surge] in illegal distillation , as had happened when the price had been raised during the anti-alcohol campaign started in 1985 — see p. 35844 ) .

De Klerk 's Oct. 18 statement was overshadowed by an upsurge of violent protest as 13 town councils in the Transvaal , Orange Free State and eastern Cape cut off essential services to black townships ostensibly because of unpaid bills .
de klerk 's oct. 18 statement was overshadowed by an [upward surge] of violent protest as 13 town councils in the transvaal , orange free state and eastern cape cut off essential services to black townships ostensibly because of unpaid bills .

Renewed executions , he suggested , would act as a deterrent to counter a recent upsurge in political violence ( more than 20 people had been assassinated in Turkey so for in 1990 ) .
renewed executions , he suggested , would act as a deterrent to counter a recent [upward surge] in political violence ( more than 20 people had been assassinated in turkey so for in 1990 ) .

An upsurge in anti-Semitism , attributed in some quarters to the worsening economic situation , was a significant factor behind the emigration of Soviet Jews currently in record numbers .
an [upward surge] in anti-semitism , attributed in some quarters to the worsening economic situation , was a significant factor behind the emigration of soviet jews currently in record numbers .

Upsurge in township violence
[upward surge] in township violence

He cited an upsurge in violence during the campaigning period , including attacks on two trains in which 78 people had died [ see pp .
he cited an [upward surge] in violence during the campaigning period , including attacks on two trains in which 78 people had died [ see pp .

There was an upsurge in anti-government guerrilla activity in 1990 .
there was an [upward surge] in anti-government guerrilla activity in 1990 .

In a renewed upsurge of attacks on tourists by presumed Islamic activists , eight people were hit by automatic weapons fire as a sightseeing bus passed through Qena 400 km south of Cairo en route from Luxor to the Red Sea on Nov. 12 .
in a renewed [upward surge] of attacks on tourists by presumed islamic activists , eight people were hit by automatic weapons fire as a sightseeing bus passed through qena 400 km south of cairo en route from luxor to the red sea on nov. 12 .

Prices rose in April 1990 , but fell again in May to £1,573 after an upsurge in warehouse copper stocks .
prices rose in april 1990 , but fell again in may to £1,573 after an [upward surge] in warehouse copper stocks .

The collapse of the Meech Lake Accord had been widely interpreted in Quebec as an rebuff by English-speaking Canada , and there had been an upsurge in popular support for the concept of outright independence for Quebec .
the collapse of the meech lake accord had been widely interpreted in quebec as an rebuff by english-speaking canada , and there had been an [upward surge] in popular support for the concept of outright independence for quebec .

In a speech delivered on March 6 , Tomur Dawamat , chair of the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous regional government , admitted that there had been a recent upsurge in Moslem separatist activity in the region .
in a speech delivered on march 6 , tomur dawamat , chair of the xinjiang uygur autonomous regional government , admitted that there had been a recent [upward surge] in moslem separatist activity in the region .

An unprecedented upsurge of violence in Kurdish-populated areas had begun even before the celebrations for the Kurdish New Year ( Nevros ) on March 21 .
an unprecedented [upward surge] of violence in kurdish-populated areas had begun even before the celebrations for the kurdish new year ( nevros ) on march 21 .

There had been indications in late 1990 that the security forces faced an upsurge in demonstrations in protest at the transmigration of non-Timorese into East Timor [ see p. 37861 ] .
there had been indications in late 1990 that the security forces faced an [upward surge] in demonstrations in protest at the transmigration of non-timorese into east timor [ see p. 37861 ] .

`` Homelessness , insecurity of tenure and Rachmanism were important elements in the so-called rediscovery of poverty , which took place in the early 1960s , and the Labour Party capitalised on the upsurge by condemning the now infamous `` `` Tory Rent Act `` `` `` ( Norman Ginsburg , Class , Capital and Social Policy , Macmillan : 1979 , p. 122 ) .
`` homelessness , insecurity of tenure and rachmanism were important elements in the so-called rediscovery of poverty , which took place in the early 1960s , and the labour party capitalised on the [upward surge] by condemning the now infamous `` `` tory rent act `` `` `` ( norman ginsburg , class , capital and social policy , macmillan : 1979 , p. 122 ) .

Our country will not tolerate much longer the weakness of those who are leading it … The tragedy in Algeria will doubtless produce an upsurge by the best Frenchmen .
our country will not tolerate much longer the weakness of those who are leading it … the tragedy in algeria will doubtless produce an [upward surge] by the best frenchmen .

Professor Stone 's assertion that there was `` an upsurge of literacy `` after 1780 `` underlying the process of industrialisation `` seems over-confident in view of evidence that the ratio of school places per capita actually declined in places as distant as Lancashire , Leamington , Cornwall , Devon and the East Riding .
professor stone 's assertion that there was `` an [upward surge] of literacy `` after 1780 `` underlying the process of industrialisation `` seems over-confident in view of evidence that the ratio of school places per capita actually declined in places as distant as lancashire , leamington , cornwall , devon and the east riding .

It is certainly true that the large amount of rock dust given off from dry-drilling machines , `` widow makers `` , gave rise to an upsurge in the incidence of respiratory diseases — notably silicosis .
it is certainly true that the large amount of rock dust given off from dry-drilling machines , `` widow makers `` , gave rise to an [upward surge] in the incidence of respiratory diseases — notably silicosis .

Mr Seiters said Mr Honecker 's speech was an ‘ oppressive contrast ’ to the challenge posed him by the recent exodus and the upsurge of demands in East Germany for reform .
mr seiters said mr honecker 's speech was an ‘ oppressive contrast ’ to the challenge posed him by the recent exodus and the [upward surge] of demands in east germany for reform .

And indeed , where little had happened in the years before December 1557 , there was an alarming upsurge of Protestant activity in 1558 .
and indeed , where little had happened in the years before december 1557 , there was an alarming [upward surge] of protestant activity in 1558 .

Before the study began , few people knew about the dolphin , but the upsurge in public interest prompted many locals to claim that they were seeing more dolphins recently than ever before , whereas in fact they had probably just taken greater notice of something that had always been there .
before the study began , few people knew about the dolphin , but the [upward surge] in public interest prompted many locals to claim that they were seeing more dolphins recently than ever before , whereas in fact they had probably just taken greater notice of something that had always been there .

To the relief of its neighbours , Germany achieved unity with virtually no upsurge of nationalism .
to the relief of its neighbours , germany achieved unity with virtually no [upward surge] of nationalism .

Were the necessary factors to be applied , would there not be a great upsurge of outside experience and help , from Nordic cold-weather techniques , Israeli water-usage , Japanese capital and many trained young people eager to meet modern challenges ?
were the necessary factors to be applied , would there not be a great [upward surge] of outside experience and help , from nordic cold-weather techniques , israeli water-usage , japanese capital and many trained young people eager to meet modern challenges ?

Due to an upsurge in vocations the Holy Ghost Fathers have now established a new province for Kenya , Tanzania and Uganda .
due to an [upward surge] in vocations the holy ghost fathers have now established a new province for kenya , tanzania and uganda .

Its resistance is exemplified by the recent ‘ moving statues ’ devotional upsurge of 1985 in South-West Ireland , where statues of Mary were believed to have changed their posture , wept , and bled ( Tobin 1985 ) .
its resistance is exemplified by the recent ‘ moving statues ’ devotional [upward surge] of 1985 in south-west ireland , where statues of mary were believed to have changed their posture , wept , and bled ( tobin 1985 ) .

In areas where other treponematoses used to be endemic , as was yaws in the West Indies , the eradication of the non-venereal treponemal disease has been followed by an upsurge in the incidence of syphilis , perhaps because there is an ecological niche to be filled .
in areas where other treponematoses used to be endemic , as was yaws in the west indies , the eradication of the non-venereal treponemal disease has been followed by an [upward surge] in the incidence of syphilis , perhaps because there is an ecological niche to be filled .

What we 're experiencing now is a huge upsurge in demand for everything we do .
what we 're experiencing now is a huge [upward surge] in demand for everything we do .

Another was the comparative economic weakness of the Celtic nations , especially felt with passion in Scotland where a continuous nationalist upsurge from the mid-1960s threatened a major disruption of the United Kingdom .
another was the comparative economic weakness of the celtic nations , especially felt with passion in scotland where a continuous nationalist [upward surge] from the mid-1960s threatened a major disruption of the united kingdom .

The party leadership wanted to ban all strikes because it is terrified of an upsurge in Russian and Ukrainian working-class militancy which , it correctly realises , could be more dangerous to the regime than all the ethnic disturbances of the last few years combined .
the party leadership wanted to ban all strikes because it is terrified of an [upward surge] in russian and ukrainian working-class militancy which , it correctly realises , could be more dangerous to the regime than all the ethnic disturbances of the last few years combined .

In the insurance market , there has been an upsurge in activity .
in the insurance market , there has been an [upward surge] in activity .

Dr David Bricknell , director of the Science and Technology Directorate , told Chemistry in Britain that he foresaw ‘ a great upsurge in interest in science and technology ’ .
dr david bricknell , director of the science and technology directorate , told chemistry in britain that he foresaw ‘ a great [upward surge] in interest in science and technology ’ .

This upsurge is reckoned by the environmental consultant Ecotec to be growing at 17 per cent a year , and to be worth 108m currently .
this [upward surge] is reckoned by the environmental consultant ecotec to be growing at 17 per cent a year , and to be worth 108m currently .

Although stocks have fallen from their earlier high of 32 million tonnes due to an upsurge in the steel industry , at the end of June 1984 stocks still stood at 18 million tonnes .
although stocks have fallen from their earlier high of 32 million tonnes due to an [upward surge] in the steel industry , at the end of june 1984 stocks still stood at 18 million tonnes .

Under Charlton the Republic have made quite dramatic progress , reaching the finals of the European Championships in West Germany last year , his appointment undeniably responsible for an upsurge in potential after decades of comparatively anonymous endeavour .
under charlton the republic have made quite dramatic progress , reaching the finals of the european championships in west germany last year , his appointment undeniably responsible for an [upward surge] in potential after decades of comparatively anonymous endeavour .

Both government and opposition are grappling with the awkward consequences of an upsurge of religious tension inspired by militant Hindu claims to a disused Muslim mosque on a site believed to have been Lord Rama 's birthplace .
both government and opposition are grappling with the awkward consequences of an [upward surge] of religious tension inspired by militant hindu claims to a disused muslim mosque on a site believed to have been lord rama 's birthplace .

The upsurge in overhead costs is a continuing challenge to farm management farm manager Donald Routledge told visitors at a research and development open day .
the [upward surge] in overhead costs is a continuing challenge to farm management farm manager donald routledge told visitors at a research and development open day .

In her future , a big fundamentalist upsurge has stuck women back in the kitchen and the bedroom , turned their money into plastic and then taken that plastic away .
in her future , a big fundamentalist [upward surge] has stuck women back in the kitchen and the bedroom , turned their money into plastic and then taken that plastic away .

The actual rate of completion per annum over the last 27 years has been less than one half of one percent … thus even at several times the projected rate of progress , the great bulk of the conservation task will be incomplete at a time when the most vigorous additional demand is placed on land from massive upsurge of population .
the actual rate of completion per annum over the last 27 years has been less than one half of one percent … thus even at several times the projected rate of progress , the great bulk of the conservation task will be incomplete at a time when the most vigorous additional demand is placed on land from massive [upward surge] of population .

In Los Angeles , discussions centred not merely on drug usage as a topical exploitation subject for movies but also on the widespread and varied substances which were readily available , being increasingly used and largely blamed for the incredible recent upsurge in violence within the protest movement .
in los angeles , discussions centred not merely on drug usage as a topical exploitation subject for movies but also on the widespread and varied substances which were readily available , being increasingly used and largely blamed for the incredible recent [upward surge] in violence within the protest movement .

The strategy effectively neutralised what the Conservatives had hoped would be a vote-winner with an electorate wary about an upsurge in union power under Labour if it could be made an issue .
the strategy effectively neutralised what the conservatives had hoped would be a vote-winner with an electorate wary about an [upward surge] in union power under labour if it could be made an issue .

There has been a tremendous upsurge in rural crime during the past 10 years .
there has been a tremendous [upward surge] in rural crime during the past 10 years .

But the new two-axle units were actually responsible for part of the upsurge in traffic on their routes and were certainly no worse than the buses with which they were successfully competing .
but the new two-axle units were actually responsible for part of the [upward surge] in traffic on their routes and were certainly no worse than the buses with which they were successfully competing .

The forecast upsurge in takings did not happen .
the forecast [upward surge] in takings did not happen .

The upsurge in traffic in the 1980s has alas meant that passengers have often had to stand in the centre aisles , in the lobbies , and around the door vestibules .
the [upward surge] in traffic in the 1980s has alas meant that passengers have often had to stand in the centre aisles , in the lobbies , and around the door vestibules .

Network SouthEast , struggling to cope with its massive upsurge in business , proceeded with complete refurbishment of serviceable 1960s stock and started massive investment in new trains , notably its Networker .
network southeast , struggling to cope with its massive [upward surge] in business , proceeded with complete refurbishment of serviceable 1960s stock and started massive investment in new trains , notably its networker .

By 1815 , a brief postwar upsurge in trade had been and gone and in the same year they went bankrupt .
by 1815 , a brief postwar [upward surge] in trade had been and gone and in the same year they went bankrupt .

While the Emperor 's personal determination counted for a great deal in the redevelopment of Paris , the transformation was really made possible by the general upsurge in the French economy which took place after 1850 .
while the emperor 's personal determination counted for a great deal in the redevelopment of paris , the transformation was really made possible by the general [upward surge] in the french economy which took place after 1850 .

While it appears beyond dispute that ‘ a massive immigration and a strong economic upsurge ( meant that ) all sections of the economy profited from this growth ’ , Paris nevertheless remained during the whole of the period an area in which ‘ hand industry ’ predominated ; it was a capital associated with the production of articles of high fashion and luxury goods rather than a centre of heavy industry .
while it appears beyond dispute that ‘ a massive immigration and a strong economic [upward surge] ( meant that ) all sections of the economy profited from this growth ’ , paris nevertheless remained during the whole of the period an area in which ‘ hand industry ’ predominated ; it was a capital associated with the production of articles of high fashion and luxury goods rather than a centre of heavy industry .

Support can be seen in the upsurge of working-class activity that accompanied the strikes of 1978 and 1979 and the way that the union 's leader , Lula , became such a popular figure .
support can be seen in the [upward surge] of working-class activity that accompanied the strikes of 1978 and 1979 and the way that the union 's leader , lula , became such a popular figure .

Stop Hinkley Expansion was not alone in this upsurge of activity .
stop hinkley expansion was not alone in this [upward surge] of activity .

The contradictory currents of national liberation reached a crescendo in the great European upsurge of 1848 .
the contradictory currents of national liberation reached a crescendo in the great european [upward surge] of 1848 .

Textbooks catering for the upsurge in legal education in the 1950s and 1960s sought to capture in print the mysterious unwritten secrets of a constitution which had emerged into the democratic world without appearing to have changed at all .
textbooks catering for the [upward surge] in legal education in the 1950s and 1960s sought to capture in print the mysterious unwritten secrets of a constitution which had emerged into the democratic world without appearing to have changed at all .

The first level is the most obvious : the sleeping Barbarossa and his knights represent that upsurge of Germanic nationalism and imperialism which occurs in every century .
the first level is the most obvious : the sleeping barbarossa and his knights represent that [upward surge] of germanic nationalism and imperialism which occurs in every century .

Yet there was also a genuine upsurge of religious feeling , of anger and hatred towards the infidels who had dared seize back the ‘ holy earth ’ so dearly bought with the blood of the First Crusade .
yet there was also a genuine [upward surge] of religious feeling , of anger and hatred towards the infidels who had dared seize back the ‘ holy earth ’ so dearly bought with the blood of the first crusade .

If so , perhaps the explosion and the subsequent punishment have brought him to his senses , for an upsurge in his form was highlighted by a violent century against Leicestershire .
if so , perhaps the explosion and the subsequent punishment have brought him to his senses , for an [upward surge] in his form was highlighted by a violent century against leicestershire .

Together with the popular demonology associated in the public mind with these strange monsters called computers it produced a sudden upsurge of anxiety .
together with the popular demonology associated in the public mind with these strange monsters called computers it produced a sudden [upward surge] of anxiety .

Stimulated by this policy initiative and other favourable encouragement , there was an apparent upsurge in development activity .
stimulated by this policy initiative and other favourable encouragement , there was an apparent [upward surge] in development activity .

This separation actually continued into this century , and was only totally eradicated with the upsurge in witchcraft in the late fifties and early sixties .
this separation actually continued into this century , and was only totally eradicated with the [upward surge] in witchcraft in the late fifties and early sixties .

Regular readers will recall that the first half of the 1970s saw an unprecedented upsurge of feminist activism , the most vigorous since the struggle for the vote in the first two decades of the century .
regular readers will recall that the first half of the 1970s saw an unprecedented [upward surge] of feminist activism , the most vigorous since the struggle for the vote in the first two decades of the century .

The recent upsurge in interest has been generated by the possibility of producing large quantities of interferon using modern techniques , including genetic engineering .
the recent [upward surge] in interest has been generated by the possibility of producing large quantities of interferon using modern techniques , including genetic engineering .

The latter reality , behind the ‘ surface ’ reality , is readily experienced , being entered when we are ‘ transported ’ by a particular musical experience , by a breath-taking piece of prose or poetry , or by just having an upsurge of feeling of being right with the world .
the latter reality , behind the ‘ surface ’ reality , is readily experienced , being entered when we are ‘ transported ’ by a particular musical experience , by a breath-taking piece of prose or poetry , or by just having an [upward surge] of feeling of being right with the world .

There is a consistent view that Britain 's history has been characterised by stability and decency , and that the moderate ‘ British way of life ’ is being undermined by the upsurge in delinquency .
there is a consistent view that britain 's history has been characterised by stability and decency , and that the moderate ‘ british way of life ’ is being undermined by the [upward surge] in delinquency .

With regard to particular crimes , the survey perhaps offered some reassurance to those accustomed to the image of a massive upsurge in crime which is so regularly portrayed by the media .
with regard to particular crimes , the survey perhaps offered some reassurance to those accustomed to the image of a massive [upward surge] in crime which is so regularly portrayed by the media .

Riding the crest of this economic upsurge were the zaibatsu conglomerates — a dozen family-run combines , each involved in mining , manufacturing , marketing , shipping , and banking .
riding the crest of this economic [upward surge] were the zaibatsu conglomerates — a dozen family-run combines , each involved in mining , manufacturing , marketing , shipping , and banking .

It is increasingly believed that the loss of worms from our internal ecology is responsible for the upsurge in inflammatory bowel disorders such as Crohn 's disease and colitis .
it is increasingly believed that the loss of worms from our internal ecology is responsible for the [upward surge] in inflammatory bowel disorders such as crohn 's disease and colitis .

USA Today , which also runs AT & T inside , leads with the claim that the Federal Election Commission will have increasing trouble doing its job of enforcing federal election laws because of the upsurge of work brought about by the most expensive election cycle ever .
usa today , which also runs at & t inside , leads with the claim that the federal election commission will have increasing trouble doing its job of enforcing federal election laws because of the [upward surge] of work brought about by the most expensive election cycle ever .

Although , for instance , the Times mentions an upsurge of unsafe sex practices among gay men , and the problems of instilling effective prevention among intravenous drug users , USAT never mentions the words `` gay '' or `` sex '' or `` intravenous drugs . ''
although , for instance , the times mentions an [upward surge] of unsafe sex practices among gay men , and the problems of instilling effective prevention among intravenous drug users , usat never mentions the words `` gay '' or `` sex '' or `` intravenous drugs . ''

A front-page WSJ feature on the current upsurge in home buying notes a troublesome undercurrent .
a front-page wsj feature on the current [upward surge] in home buying notes a troublesome undercurrent .

To enhance Algeria 's chances of peace , Pakistan 's Dawn said in an editorial that the recent upsurge of political violence -- at least 130 people have been killed by armed extremists in recent weeks -- must `` not be allowed to weaken or derail '' the peace efforts .
to enhance algeria 's chances of peace , pakistan 's dawn said in an editorial that the recent [upward surge] of political violence -- at least 130 people have been killed by armed extremists in recent weeks -- must `` not be allowed to weaken or derail '' the peace efforts .

Why the upsurge of interest ?
why the [upward surge] of interest ?

That question is especially pertinent here in the United States , because the combination of a booming stock market at home and the privatization of state-owned enterprises abroad has meant a dramatic upsurge in the number of foreign companies whose shares are listed on U.S. exchanges .
that question is especially pertinent here in the united states , because the combination of a booming stock market at home and the privatization of state-owned enterprises abroad has meant a dramatic [upward surge] in the number of foreign companies whose shares are listed on u.s. exchanges .

Over the past few years , though , the dramatic upsurge in money pouring into the market and the resultant pressure on institutional investors to improve their performance have sharply increased the value of anyone with a clue about what 's going to happen to the pharmaceutical industry -- or to chemicals , or to semiconductors .
over the past few years , though , the dramatic [upward surge] in money pouring into the market and the resultant pressure on institutional investors to improve their performance have sharply increased the value of anyone with a clue about what 's going to happen to the pharmaceutical industry -- or to chemicals , or to semiconductors .

Seriously , I think the dirty secret that helps explain the upsurge in adventure travel and other forms of risk-taking is that Americans are bored with prosperity .
seriously , i think the dirty secret that helps explain the [upward surge] in adventure travel and other forms of risk-taking is that americans are bored with prosperity .

While Nashville studios make music that 's as glossy as any , there 's an upsurge of plain-singing balladeers stressing their Appalachian roots ( real or imagined ) .
while nashville studios make music that 's as glossy as any , there 's an [upward surge] of plain-singing balladeers stressing their appalachian roots ( real or imagined ) .

A NYT front-pager warns that the social ill effects of fearing the Y2K problem -- such as bank runs , hoarding of food and gas , fires caused by newly acquired wood stoves and a rise in gun violence accompanying the upsurge in gun sales to those fearing post-millennial-bug civil unrest -- could end up being much worse than any pure outcome of the problem itself , especially since the actual problem is being attacked with billions of dollars of remediation .
a nyt front-pager warns that the social ill effects of fearing the y2k problem -- such as bank runs , hoarding of food and gas , fires caused by newly acquired wood stoves and a rise in gun violence accompanying the [upward surge] in gun sales to those fearing post-millennial-bug civil unrest -- could end up being much worse than any pure outcome of the problem itself , especially since the actual problem is being attacked with billions of dollars of remediation .

The Wall Street Journal notes an obvious but unanticipated consequence : an upsurge in business for such non-netly concerns as the U.S .
the wall street journal notes an obvious but unanticipated consequence : an [upward surge] in business for such non-netly concerns as the u.s .

