What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?
what better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the connally amendment -- an act which could expose the united states to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to [use] it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?

It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself .
it is also possible to [use] a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself .

Our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by Erikson , but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers .
our discussion does not [use] all the identity crises postulated by erikson , but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers .

From this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit .
from this being come new movement ideas that [use] dancer and property as a single unit .

In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .
in the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and [use] external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .

utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories ; ;
[use] the facilities of federal scientific laboratories ; ;

The National Lumber Manufacturers Association , Washington , D. C. , is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction .
the national lumber manufacturers association , washington , d. c. , is developing plans to [use] specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction .

The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries .
the government of the united states of america may [use] rupees in india to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in india and other countries .

Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding .
since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , wolpe thought that he could [use] the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding .

and to utilize opportunities , arising in connection with regular classroom activities , for gaining a better understanding of his pupils .
and to [use] opportunities , arising in connection with regular classroom activities , for gaining a better understanding of his pupils .

And then just utilize a little each year .
and then just [use] a little each year .

Those applications have now disappeared but have been replaced by a wide range of others which utilize the material 's excellent weatherability , clarity and surface hardness — for example , automotive rear lights , lighting fittings and drawing instruments , produced by injection moulding ; and sheet and profiles , mainly for the sign , lighting and building industries , produced by extrusion .
those applications have now disappeared but have been replaced by a wide range of others which [use] the material 's excellent weatherability , clarity and surface hardness — for example , automotive rear lights , lighting fittings and drawing instruments , produced by injection moulding ; and sheet and profiles , mainly for the sign , lighting and building industries , produced by extrusion .

Furthermore , plants utilize carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that animals eject , and animals Bean yet more energy from the environment by utilizing the oxygen that plants eject by converting it into new combinations of chemicals .
furthermore , plants [use] carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that animals eject , and animals bean yet more energy from the environment by utilizing the oxygen that plants eject by converting it into new combinations of chemicals .

Most reptiles utilize the buffering aquatic environment to lower body heat .
most reptiles [use] the buffering aquatic environment to lower body heat .

They therefore become less than healthy for us , simply empty calories without the essential factors required to utilize them .
they therefore become less than healthy for us , simply empty calories without the essential factors required to [use] them .

In fact the anti-gold mining struggle has shown an ability to utilize a wide variety of cultural weapons in its campaign .
in fact the anti-gold mining struggle has shown an ability to [use] a wide variety of cultural weapons in its campaign .

You also overlooked the ability of PagePlus to utilize any other fonts already in use in Windows .
you also overlooked the ability of pageplus to [use] any other fonts already in use in windows .

For Foucault , the tendency of theories of ideology to entrammel themselves in the categories of psychoanalysis , even with the eternal in Althusser 's case , means that they themselves begin to utilize the very procedures of individuation that they ought to have been analysing .
for foucault , the tendency of theories of ideology to entrammel themselves in the categories of psychoanalysis , even with the eternal in althusser 's case , means that they themselves begin to [use] the very procedures of individuation that they ought to have been analysing .

Both groups follow Foucault to the extent that they neither propose , nor utilize , a general theory of history as such ; but unlike Foucault they simply tend to shelve the whole problem so as to avoid its theoretical difficulties .
both groups follow foucault to the extent that they neither propose , nor [use] , a general theory of history as such ; but unlike foucault they simply tend to shelve the whole problem so as to avoid its theoretical difficulties .

They also utilize low-valued , passive , social , and subjective methods disproportionately to study subjects of low social status .
they also [use] low-valued , passive , social , and subjective methods disproportionately to study subjects of low social status .

The basic purposes of pruning are two-fold : first , to divert and concentrate sap flow and energy into the buds and shoots that will grow in the direction we want , to promote or provoke new growth from dormant buds , and to better utilize energy by removing growth that has borne bloom , will not bear more , and can not make worthwhile contribution to the plant 's processes ; and secondly , surgically to remove dead , diseased and infected wood .
the basic purposes of pruning are two-fold : first , to divert and concentrate sap flow and energy into the buds and shoots that will grow in the direction we want , to promote or provoke new growth from dormant buds , and to better [use] energy by removing growth that has borne bloom , will not bear more , and can not make worthwhile contribution to the plant 's processes ; and secondly , surgically to remove dead , diseased and infected wood .

Others find in the rose elaborated chemical compounds readily available that they can utilize for colour pigments , their own body structures — and even scents to attract each other !
others find in the rose elaborated chemical compounds readily available that they can [use] for colour pigments , their own body structures — and even scents to attract each other !

Individuals often utilize these deeper blocks , consciously or unconsciously , in order to hide the ‘ unpleasant ’ truth from other people , and perhaps from themselves too .
individuals often [use] these deeper blocks , consciously or unconsciously , in order to hide the ‘ unpleasant ’ truth from other people , and perhaps from themselves too .

Under that system an entrepreneur would pay the state to utilize the labour of the prisoners , normally by contracting them out to local farms .
under that system an entrepreneur would pay the state to [use] the labour of the prisoners , normally by contracting them out to local farms .

He realized how to best utilize his assets to manoeuvre the play .
he realized how to best [use] his assets to manoeuvre the play .

To utilize this to the full , Brusilov resolved to launch all four of his armies at once over a wide front , rather than concentrating them as dictated by contemporary military thinking .
to [use] this to the full , brusilov resolved to launch all four of his armies at once over a wide front , rather than concentrating them as dictated by contemporary military thinking .

Both Chesterton and Williamson , and to an increasing extent Mosley , were to utilize such ideas to justify the fascist revolt .
both chesterton and williamson , and to an increasing extent mosley , were to [use] such ideas to justify the fascist revolt .

At the same time , the neighbourhood studies utilize systematic sociolinguistic interviews to obtain comparable data on all members of the social network .
at the same time , the neighbourhood studies [use] systematic sociolinguistic interviews to obtain comparable data on all members of the social network .

Against either form of determinism one might instead want to argue that contingencies and institutions should be seen as providing the arena in which power-players will seek to utilize whatever resources are available in constructing local organizational practice , shaped to whatever mode of rationality , against the last of organizational imperatives .
against either form of determinism one might instead want to argue that contingencies and institutions should be seen as providing the arena in which power-players will seek to [use] whatever resources are available in constructing local organizational practice , shaped to whatever mode of rationality , against the last of organizational imperatives .

The basic mechanisms which utilize splitting are therefore always to be understood as a division in the subject as well as the object .
the basic mechanisms which [use] splitting are therefore always to be understood as a division in the subject as well as the object .

The children of the rich may work in health food shops or other faddish and esoteric pursuits which utilize their educational experience and may provide a more acceptable form of class reproduction than simple inheritance .
the children of the rich may work in health food shops or other faddish and esoteric pursuits which [use] their educational experience and may provide a more acceptable form of class reproduction than simple inheritance .

Bureaucracy and formalism are enemies of creativity and innovation , but nevertheless we do need formal procedures and routines to be able to utilize the creative potential existing in the organization .
bureaucracy and formalism are enemies of creativity and innovation , but nevertheless we do need formal procedures and routines to be able to [use] the creative potential existing in the organization .

Observation statements , then , are always made in the language of some theory and will be as precise as the theoretical or conceptual framework that they utilize is precise .
observation statements , then , are always made in the language of some theory and will be as precise as the theoretical or conceptual framework that they [use] is precise .

One answer to this question might utilize an optical theory of the telescope that explains its magnifying properties and that also gives an account of the various aberrations to which we can expect telescopic images to be subject .
one answer to this question might [use] an optical theory of the telescope that explains its magnifying properties and that also gives an account of the various aberrations to which we can expect telescopic images to be subject .

But Galileo himself did not utilize an optical theory for that purpose .
but galileo himself did not [use] an optical theory for that purpose .

In theory , people living in the non-key settlements should be able to utilize the provision in selected centres .
in theory , people living in the non-key settlements should be able to [use] the provision in selected centres .

They also found that on their return many women were unable to utilize the skills that they had acquired before having children .
they also found that on their return many women were unable to [use] the skills that they had acquired before having children .

Not only lack of skill , but lack of opportunity to utilize those skills , depressed women 's rate of pay .
not only lack of skill , but lack of opportunity to [use] those skills , depressed women 's rate of pay .

Companies which utilize an aggressive sales policy , based on personal selling , are said to be adopting a push strategy .
companies which [use] an aggressive sales policy , based on personal selling , are said to be adopting a push strategy .

In these circumstances groups utilize what pressure they can , constrained only by the basic tradition of liberal democracy , for example they do not ( usually ) adopt violent tactics .
in these circumstances groups [use] what pressure they can , constrained only by the basic tradition of liberal democracy , for example they do not ( usually ) adopt violent tactics .

The hand techniques of taekwondo utilize focused power .
the hand techniques of taekwondo [use] focused power .

When concerned with denudation chronology it is necessary to utilize as much information as possible and to avoid conceptual approaches which are too constraining .
when concerned with denudation chronology it is necessary to [use] as much information as possible and to avoid conceptual approaches which are too constraining .

In presenting a geomorphological approach to glaciers and landscape Sugden and John ( 1976 ) utilize a simple systems approach as a vehicle for the explanation of complicated ideas because they believe ‘ in the value of a systems framework as a powerful explanatory tool ’ .
in presenting a geomorphological approach to glaciers and landscape sugden and john ( 1976 ) [use] a simple systems approach as a vehicle for the explanation of complicated ideas because they believe ‘ in the value of a systems framework as a powerful explanatory tool ’ .

During the early stages of acquisition , children establish an interactional matrix for language learning , and then slowly learn to utilize linguistic means for promoting interaction .
during the early stages of acquisition , children establish an interactional matrix for language learning , and then slowly learn to [use] linguistic means for promoting interaction .

Although timbers with high levels of latex , silica or high density are avoided there ; another plant in New Guinea can now utilize wood from up to 200 species , including dead and defective trees , so that yields have already increased by some 300 % .
although timbers with high levels of latex , silica or high density are avoided there ; another plant in new guinea can now [use] wood from up to 200 species , including dead and defective trees , so that yields have already increased by some 300 % .

The government of the Chinese autonomous region of Tibet has set up a scheme to utilize solar energy for industrial and household use .
the government of the chinese autonomous region of tibet has set up a scheme to [use] solar energy for industrial and household use .

Utilize relevant concepts , alternative theories and perspectives .
[use] relevant concepts , alternative theories and perspectives .

On encouraging capital flows it reads : ‘ By lifting the barriers [ facing ] the co-operation of economic entities and the citizens it should be made possible to utilize the individual savings for community purposes and to open wider and safer possibilities for the citizen ’ ventures .
on encouraging capital flows it reads : ‘ by lifting the barriers [ facing ] the co-operation of economic entities and the citizens it should be made possible to [use] the individual savings for community purposes and to open wider and safer possibilities for the citizen ’ ventures .

Furthermore , participants in such orders may utilize and develop a heritage of knowledge which they may never be capable of grasping as a whole .
furthermore , participants in such orders may [use] and develop a heritage of knowledge which they may never be capable of grasping as a whole .

’ It was left to the newer ideologies , in particular Fabianism and New Liberalism , to utilize the evolutionary method to different effect .
’ it was left to the newer ideologies , in particular fabianism and new liberalism , to [use] the evolutionary method to different effect .

Secondly , in order to maximize the use of scarce capital resources , industries were selected that could utilize the backlog of technological change that had been developed in the Western economies .
secondly , in order to maximize the use of scarce capital resources , industries were selected that could [use] the backlog of technological change that had been developed in the western economies .

The impact of the television screen is very compelling and it is the graphics facilities of the computer system that enables the program designer to utilize it .
the impact of the television screen is very compelling and it is the graphics facilities of the computer system that enables the program designer to [use] it .

the ability to utilize the oxygen .
the ability to [use] the oxygen .

Echoing another observation by Freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ The superego in its function as a pilot seems to utilize internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal regulation seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ The frontal lobe comprises about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .
echoing another observation by freud , the authors of the recent study note that ‘ the superego in its function as a pilot seems to [use] internalized verbal prohibitions ’ , and point out that the efficacy of verbal regulation seems to be linked to the time-table of brain growth , and in particular to the maturation of the frontal lobes , themselves one of the major cerebral acquisitions produced by the process of neoteny in man : ‘ the frontal lobe comprises about one third of the hemispheric surface ; it includes the primary motor areas , the premotor areas , and frontal eye fields .

Most organizations utilize all three forms of power but , Etzioni argues , most emphasize one type and rely much less on the other two .
most organizations [use] all three forms of power but , etzioni argues , most emphasize one type and rely much less on the other two .

Pull up a beer , you guys , and utilize the accommodation .
pull up a beer , you guys , and [use] the accommodation .

In so far as both these questions have to be solved simultaneously , it is important to utilize the other quadrants in Fig .
in so far as both these questions have to be solved simultaneously , it is important to [use] the other quadrants in fig .

Sufficient has been said to suggest that there may be good reason to utilize intergovernmental grants and that , in order to choose the appropriate grant , it is necessary to consider both the objective and the likely response of the local authority to the grant .
sufficient has been said to suggest that there may be good reason to [use] intergovernmental grants and that , in order to choose the appropriate grant , it is necessary to consider both the objective and the likely response of the local authority to the grant .

They provided the citizens with a wide variety of fresh fish for its fast days and during the close seasons they exploited all the resources of the riverside that they could utilize .
they provided the citizens with a wide variety of fresh fish for its fast days and during the close seasons they exploited all the resources of the riverside that they could [use] .

When capital allowances were available for expenditure on plant and equipment and industrial buildings , the cost of a lease was often less than the cost of financing debt to acquire the asset , because the lessor was able to utilize the tax benefits more effectively than the lessor .
when capital allowances were available for expenditure on plant and equipment and industrial buildings , the cost of a lease was often less than the cost of financing debt to acquire the asset , because the lessor was able to [use] the tax benefits more effectively than the lessor .

The investigators focus on the patterns of social relationships and resources that young people utilize in moving towards adult status and a position in the employment market .
the investigators focus on the patterns of social relationships and resources that young people [use] in moving towards adult status and a position in the employment market .

If there is not room for this you might utilize the space by making slots in the counter top to take your cooking knives , or you could suspend them from a magnetic bar just above out of reach of children .
if there is not room for this you might [use] the space by making slots in the counter top to take your cooking knives , or you could suspend them from a magnetic bar just above out of reach of children .

Culture is one of the best mediums we can utilize to communicate with our people .
culture is one of the best mediums we can [use] to communicate with our people .

In some languages you may be able to utilize material from grammar books for these lists .
in some languages you may be able to [use] material from grammar books for these lists .

to utilize spoiled potatoes ,
to [use] spoiled potatoes ,

The fact that so many modern creatures utilize oxygen in respiration , and indeed now rely upon it ( so that animals quickly suffocate in its absence ) , is a fine example of evolution adapting creatively .
the fact that so many modern creatures [use] oxygen in respiration , and indeed now rely upon it ( so that animals quickly suffocate in its absence ) , is a fine example of evolution adapting creatively .

And , curiously , this focus may utilize a different mode from the more global picture .
and , curiously , this focus may [use] a different mode from the more global picture .

Matriline coalitions also utilize secondary food sources such as leaves and unripe fruits and the species have digestive mechanisms for detoxifying the latter .
matriline coalitions also [use] secondary food sources such as leaves and unripe fruits and the species have digestive mechanisms for detoxifying the latter .

Professional fundraisers utilize the powerful medium of advertising in their national press , an advertisement issued by the British Section in autumn 1990 about Iraq 's treatment of Kurds and its human rights record over a decade , was the most successful advertisement ever run by the Section .
professional fundraisers [use] the powerful medium of advertising in their national press , an advertisement issued by the british section in autumn 1990 about iraq 's treatment of kurds and its human rights record over a decade , was the most successful advertisement ever run by the section .

The ideal screening system , such as might be used in antenatal clinics should utilize one of each sort of test so that a combination of sensitivity with selectivity can be obtained .
the ideal screening system , such as might be used in antenatal clinics should [use] one of each sort of test so that a combination of sensitivity with selectivity can be obtained .

The key must be to utilize a group of barns , cow sheds or other such buildings laid out round a farmyard , so that vehicles can be parked out of sight .
the key must be to [use] a group of barns , cow sheds or other such buildings laid out round a farmyard , so that vehicles can be parked out of sight .

As a woman 's sexuality must be controlled by the male authority who should then utilize it solely for his own benefit , in their natal home women are not sexually active .
as a woman 's sexuality must be controlled by the male authority who should then [use] it solely for his own benefit , in their natal home women are not sexually active .

Those arguing for more fundamental change , tackling the causes rather than merely the symptoms of social distress , utilize categories embracing wider sections of society , extending from the still limited concept of the ‘ bottom third ’ to wider notions of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ citizens ’ .
those arguing for more fundamental change , tackling the causes rather than merely the symptoms of social distress , [use] categories embracing wider sections of society , extending from the still limited concept of the ‘ bottom third ’ to wider notions of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ citizens ’ .

The inherent danger of reliance on any particular method , and one that was apparent in some responses , is the tendency for libraries who can not utilize external courses or release staff internally as they would ideally like to , largely to abandon ( or never fully entertain ) , the concept of systematic training for all staff .
the inherent danger of reliance on any particular method , and one that was apparent in some responses , is the tendency for libraries who can not [use] external courses or release staff internally as they would ideally like to , largely to abandon ( or never fully entertain ) , the concept of systematic training for all staff .

Some further resources ( or facilities ) that are available for libraries to utilize other than those discussed in this chapter , are looked at in Chapter 5 , but one resource that is fundamental to an effective training programme i.e. effective use of resources allocated — and one that is available to all libraries — is a positive training ‘ climate ’ .
some further resources ( or facilities ) that are available for libraries to [use] other than those discussed in this chapter , are looked at in chapter 5 , but one resource that is fundamental to an effective training programme i.e. effective use of resources allocated — and one that is available to all libraries — is a positive training ‘ climate ’ .

There appears to be a continuing strong interest in extending or formalizing existing links with other libraries and/or creating new co-operatives , presumably in order to better utilize scarce resources .
there appears to be a continuing strong interest in extending or formalizing existing links with other libraries and/or creating new co-operatives , presumably in order to better [use] scarce resources .

Library co-operatives rarely require much financial outlay but a minimum resource required is some staff time , and it seems likely that authorities with designated training officers ( or teams ) , are going to be in a much stronger position to be able to utilize the considerable potential possibilities of library co-operatives . Thus , the following document , produced by a very recently formed co-operative , has the need for a designated ( and trained ) training officer within each member library , as its first recommendation :
library co-operatives rarely require much financial outlay but a minimum resource required is some staff time , and it seems likely that authorities with designated training officers ( or teams ) , are going to be in a much stronger position to be able to [use] the considerable potential possibilities of library co-operatives . thus , the following document , produced by a very recently formed co-operative , has the need for a designated ( and trained ) training officer within each member library , as its first recommendation :

They utilize the Belinskii-Zakharov soliton technique with two real poles .
they [use] the belinskii-zakharov soliton technique with two real poles .

If we decide , in the case of the baptism study , that we must carry out fieldwork to collect data which is not to be found in already published sources we must consider how best to utilize what resources we have .
if we decide , in the case of the baptism study , that we must carry out fieldwork to collect data which is not to be found in already published sources we must consider how best to [use] what resources we have .

Certainly , many research studies utilize historical information and the use of statistics compiled by people other than the research worker is a commonplace in social research .
certainly , many research studies [use] historical information and the use of statistics compiled by people other than the research worker is a commonplace in social research .

Even the London Docklands Development Corporation ( arguably the least local of the boards ) has been involved in negotiations with the London Borough of Newham over low-cost housing and has resisted proposals from developers to utilize land allocated for such housing for other purposes .
even the london docklands development corporation ( arguably the least local of the boards ) has been involved in negotiations with the london borough of newham over low-cost housing and has resisted proposals from developers to [use] land allocated for such housing for other purposes .

Those of us who feel we are too busy or not dedicated enough to set aside time for exercise periods can utilize our daily routine to provide at least some opportunities to keep fit .
those of us who feel we are too busy or not dedicated enough to set aside time for exercise periods can [use] our daily routine to provide at least some opportunities to keep fit .

The term ‘ special children ’ immediately brings to mind certain groups of children : those with limited or no sight who can be provided with materials in an appropriate form — books in large print , books to be read with trained finger-tips , books to be heard ; those with hearing impairment who can fully utilize print and picture materials but who may not be given access to music ( the value of such access is demonstrated by the career of the distinguished percussionist Evelyn Glennie ) .
the term ‘ special children ’ immediately brings to mind certain groups of children : those with limited or no sight who can be provided with materials in an appropriate form — books in large print , books to be read with trained finger-tips , books to be heard ; those with hearing impairment who can fully [use] print and picture materials but who may not be given access to music ( the value of such access is demonstrated by the career of the distinguished percussionist evelyn glennie ) .

The library would seem to provide much that these young people need , if the staff are alerted , are able to give time and informed attention , and are not slow to utilize material usually associated with adult readers .
the library would seem to provide much that these young people need , if the staff are alerted , are able to give time and informed attention , and are not slow to [use] material usually associated with adult readers .

Government departments were also more likely to utilize lectures as a format of instruction than other employer groups .
government departments were also more likely to [use] lectures as a format of instruction than other employer groups .

Second , it has been argued ( Stewart , 1987 ) that one major ( if implicit ) trend within the Urban Programme was its determination to utilize inner-city intervention as a mechanism through which to address Problems associated with black communities .
second , it has been argued ( stewart , 1987 ) that one major ( if implicit ) trend within the urban programme was its determination to [use] inner-city intervention as a mechanism through which to address problems associated with black communities .

The solutions to this type of problem utilize either point interpolation or areal interpolation methods ( Lam 1983 ) and these will be examined in turn .
the solutions to this type of problem [use] either point interpolation or areal interpolation methods ( lam 1983 ) and these will be examined in turn .

The development of techniques to utilize output data uncertainty estimates ; and
the development of techniques to [use] output data uncertainty estimates ; and

His analysis focuses on the dynamics of this joking behavior , relajando , and how the working poor utilize it to disrupt values imposed on them by the social classes in power or the dominant culture .
his analysis focuses on the dynamics of this joking behavior , relajando , and how the working poor [use] it to disrupt values imposed on them by the social classes in power or the dominant culture .

The “ in principle ” just above includes the idea that , having made an arbitrary choice of placement of the partition and a measurement of which side of the partition the particle is in and , hence , having detected by that arbitrary measurement the displacement from equilibrium that is a source of energy , we can afterward decide on a construction procedure that will utilize the information about the displacement from equilibrium to extract work from the measured , nonequilibrium system .
the “ in principle ” just above includes the idea that , having made an arbitrary choice of placement of the partition and a measurement of which side of the partition the particle is in and , hence , having detected by that arbitrary measurement the displacement from equilibrium that is a source of energy , we can afterward decide on a construction procedure that will [use] the information about the displacement from equilibrium to extract work from the measured , nonequilibrium system .

Dennett makes the wonderful argument that we utilize our tools literally stone knives , arrows , digging sticks , machine tools to enlarge our shared world of facts and processes .
dennett makes the wonderful argument that we [use] our tools literally stone knives , arrows , digging sticks , machine tools to enlarge our shared world of facts and processes .

My purpose in invoking the exergonic conversion of PP to P + P is to utilize the loss of free energy in this exergonic reaction to drive the DNA trimer-hexamer reaction beyond its own equilibrium , leading thereby to an excess synthesis of the 3 ’ CCCGGG5 ’ hexamer when compared to its equilibrium concentration .
my purpose in invoking the exergonic conversion of pp to p + p is to [use] the loss of free energy in this exergonic reaction to drive the dna trimer-hexamer reaction beyond its own equilibrium , leading thereby to an excess synthesis of the 3 ’ cccggg5 ’ hexamer when compared to its equilibrium concentration .

To change the organizational culture and enlist the support of line managers , many organizations utilize training programs .
to change the organizational culture and enlist the support of line managers , many organizations [use] training programs .

Moreover , the Act required the Departments , in issuing any new rules in those areas , to utilize the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990 as a guide with the direct participation of tribal representatives in the rulemaking .
moreover , the act required the departments , in issuing any new rules in those areas , to [use] the negotiated rulemaking act of 1990 as a guide with the direct participation of tribal representatives in the rulemaking .

For instance , it is important to work closely with agencies-while maintaining our independence-and to utilize our skills , knowledge , and experience in working cooperatively to improve government operations .
for instance , it is important to work closely with agencies-while maintaining our independence-and to [use] our skills , knowledge , and experience in working cooperatively to improve government operations .

These steps include the deletion of the requirement in the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that a broadcast station utilize an icon for the identification of core programming .
these steps include the deletion of the requirement in the notice of proposed rulemaking that a broadcast station [use] an icon for the identification of core programming .

To reap the full benefits of information management reform , federal agencies must utilize the full potential of CIOs as information management leaders and active participants in the development of agency strategic plans and policies .
to reap the full benefits of information management reform , federal agencies must [use] the full potential of cios as information management leaders and active participants in the development of agency strategic plans and policies .

As this group plans its strategy , it can utilize the commonality among principles to link initiatives and utilize the synergy between related efforts .
as this group plans its strategy , it can [use] the commonality among principles to link initiatives and [use] the synergy between related efforts .

With support from LSC 's Technology Initiative Grants , LSC-funded programs are leaders and active participants in California 's plan to utilize technology to expand access and improve legal services delivery .
with support from lsc 's technology initiative grants , lsc-funded programs are leaders and active participants in california 's plan to [use] technology to expand access and improve legal services delivery .

During the consolidation process , the Legal Services Corporation technical assistance grants enabled the program to utilize the services of a skilled consultant and facilitator to move the process to conclusion , to send program staff to visit and observe other programs with well respected and technologically sophisticated centralized intake systems , to bring experts to the program to help design a transition to statewide administrative and personnel systems , and helped fund the statewide staff meeting which launched and celebrated the new statewide program .
during the consolidation process , the legal services corporation technical assistance grants enabled the program to [use] the services of a skilled consultant and facilitator to move the process to conclusion , to send program staff to visit and observe other programs with well respected and technologically sophisticated centralized intake systems , to bring experts to the program to help design a transition to statewide administrative and personnel systems , and helped fund the statewide staff meeting which launched and celebrated the new statewide program .

Objectives include : Improving the grant management process to utilize the information received to provide standards-based feedback to programs .
objectives include : improving the grant management process to [use] the information received to provide standards-based feedback to programs .

While LSC will continue to utilize a variety of approaches , LSC views service area configuration as a key structural component of a comprehensive set of strategies employed to promote the creation and sustainability of comprehensive , integrated state civil equal justice communities .
while lsc will continue to [use] a variety of approaches , lsc views service area configuration as a key structural component of a comprehensive set of strategies employed to promote the creation and sustainability of comprehensive , integrated state civil equal justice communities .

Existing Section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in Section 403 , the Administrator will not require a separate CEMS for each unit where two or more units utilize a single stack , unless data for individual units are required under another provision of the Clean Air Act .
existing section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in section 403 , the administrator will not require a separate cems for each unit where two or more units [use] a single stack , unless data for individual units are required under another provision of the clean air act .

Modern FGD systems are more attuned to the corrosive SO2 scrubbing environment and therefore increasingly utilize fiberglass , rubber lined steel , and alloys in construction .
modern fgd systems are more attuned to the corrosive so2 scrubbing environment and therefore increasingly [use] fiberglass , rubber lined steel , and alloys in construction .

Other methods are being investigated ( such as oxidation and scrubbing technologies ) , which utilize ozone , barrier discharge , and catalyst and/or chemical additives in combination with existing technologies .
other methods are being investigated ( such as oxidation and scrubbing technologies ) , which [use] ozone , barrier discharge , and catalyst and/or chemical additives in combination with existing technologies .

Both utilize the contingent valuation method .
both [use] the contingent valuation method .

Where 2 or more units utilize a single stack , a separate CEMS shall not be required for each unit , and for such units the regulations shall require that the owner or operator collect sufficient information to permit reliable compliance determinations for each such unit .
where 2 or more units [use] a single stack , a separate cems shall not be required for each unit , and for such units the regulations shall require that the owner or operator collect sufficient information to permit reliable compliance determinations for each such unit .

The installation of the CEMS and the quality assurance of data shall be in accordance with subparagraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( B ) and subsections ( c ) through ( e ) of section 405 , except that , where two or more units utilize a single stack , separate monitoring shall be required for each unit .
the installation of the cems and the quality assurance of data shall be in accordance with subparagraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( b ) and subsections ( c ) through ( e ) of section 405 , except that , where two or more units [use] a single stack , separate monitoring shall be required for each unit .

The Department of Homeland Security 's Directorate for Information Analysis and Infrastructure Protection should retain its core duties , but the NCTC should have the ultimate responsibility for producing net assessments that utilize Homeland Security 's analysis of domestic vulnerabilities and integrate all-source analysis of foreign intelligence about the terrorist enemy .
the department of homeland security 's directorate for information analysis and infrastructure protection should retain its core duties , but the nctc should have the ultimate responsibility for producing net assessments that [use] homeland security 's analysis of domestic vulnerabilities and integrate all-source analysis of foreign intelligence about the terrorist enemy .

This screening function should be performed by the TSA , and it should utilize the larger set of watchlists maintained by the federal government .
this screening function should be performed by the tsa , and it should [use] the larger set of watchlists maintained by the federal government .

The major target of O 2 − damage identified in bacteria is a class of dehydratase enzymes that utilize [ 4Fe–4S ] clusters to bind their substrate ( Imlay 2003 ; Djaman et al .
the major target of o 2 − damage identified in bacteria is a class of dehydratase enzymes that [use] [ 4fe–4s ] clusters to bind their substrate ( imlay 2003 ; djaman et al .

E. coli contains three glutaredoxins that utilize the reducing power of glutathione to catalyze the reduction of disulfide bonds ( –S–S– ) in the presence of NADPH and glutathione reductase .
e. coli contains three glutaredoxins that [use] the reducing power of glutathione to catalyze the reduction of disulfide bonds ( –s–s– ) in the presence of nadph and glutathione reductase .

It also requires an environment that encourages people to internalize messages about risky behavior and to adopt actual behavior change , and allows people to utilize services such as testing and counseling without fear of stigma or discrimination .
it also requires an environment that encourages people to internalize messages about risky behavior and to adopt actual behavior change , and allows people to [use] services such as testing and counseling without fear of stigma or discrimination .

The NHANES III dataset allowed us to utilize both self-reported smoking and serum cotinine levels to minimize misclassification error .
the nhanes iii dataset allowed us to [use] both self-reported smoking and serum cotinine levels to minimize misclassification error .

These patients develop diabetes when tissues of the body fail to utilize glucose appropriately owing to increased resistance to insulin and concomitant beta-cell dysfunction of the pancreas [ 16 ] .
these patients develop diabetes when tissues of the body fail to [use] glucose appropriately owing to increased resistance to insulin and concomitant beta-cell dysfunction of the pancreas [ 16 ] .

If we keep our options open and learn to better utilize the reservoirs of natural variation that have been preserved in our gene banks and in the few remaining in situ populations of wild species and landrace varieties , an almost infinite array of novelty can be achieved using traditional , time-proven practices involving crossing and selection of genes that have withstood the test of evolutionary time ( Burbank 1914 ; Hawkes 1958 ; Rick 1967 ; Harlan 1975 , 1976 ; Peloquin 1983 ) .
if we keep our options open and learn to better [use] the reservoirs of natural variation that have been preserved in our gene banks and in the few remaining in situ populations of wild species and landrace varieties , an almost infinite array of novelty can be achieved using traditional , time-proven practices involving crossing and selection of genes that have withstood the test of evolutionary time ( burbank 1914 ; hawkes 1958 ; rick 1967 ; harlan 1975 , 1976 ; peloquin 1983 ) .

It is likely that some of the opportunities will involve genetic engineering approaches , where new information about genes , gene regulation , and plant responses to the environment may be used in innovative ways to fine-tune existing plant varieties so that they utilize resources more efficiently , provide greater nutritional value , or simply taste better .
it is likely that some of the opportunities will involve genetic engineering approaches , where new information about genes , gene regulation , and plant responses to the environment may be used in innovative ways to fine-tune existing plant varieties so that they [use] resources more efficiently , provide greater nutritional value , or simply taste better .

Open-access journals make these two educational goals much more feasible because students can utilize current findings immediately without having to wait for interlibrary loans , which can take up to two weeks , can cost up to $ 20 per article , and can result in poor-quality black-and-white photocopies .
open-access journals make these two educational goals much more feasible because students can [use] current findings immediately without having to wait for interlibrary loans , which can take up to two weeks , can cost up to $ 20 per article , and can result in poor-quality black-and-white photocopies .

Subjects have learned to utilize their brain activity for different purposes , ranging from electroencephalogram- and electrocorticographic-based systems ( Wolpaw et al .
subjects have learned to [use] their brain activity for different purposes , ranging from electroencephalogram- and electrocorticographic-based systems ( wolpaw et al .

Both surveys utilize multistage probability sampling procedures , enabling the generation of nationally representative estimates .
both surveys [use] multistage probability sampling procedures , enabling the generation of nationally representative estimates .

Further , we suggest using challenge viruses that utilize CCR5 as coreceptor , such as for example SHIV-SF162P [ 36 ] , rather than the standard strain SHIV89.6P , which has been found to use mainly CXCR4 [ 37,38 ] .
further , we suggest using challenge viruses that [use] ccr5 as coreceptor , such as for example shiv-sf162p [ 36 ] , rather than the standard strain shiv89.6p , which has been found to use mainly cxcr4 [ 37,38 ] .

I will have to utilize the primitive but colourful dances , gestures and prayers that a refined Buddhism might disdain .
i will have to [use] the primitive but colourful dances , gestures and prayers that a refined buddhism might disdain .

Voting machines -- which utilize primitive , punch card computer processing -- came into widespread use in the 1960s .
voting machines -- which [use] primitive , punch card computer processing -- came into widespread use in the 1960s .

Once human cloning is perfected , as Myhrvold presumes it will be , who will utilize this method of procreation ?
once human cloning is perfected , as myhrvold presumes it will be , who will [use] this method of procreation ?

Even when the pronunciation of a given word was precisely the same as that of the collectors , their desire to indicate the exotic qualities of black speech led them to utilize such misleading and superfluous spellings as wen for `` when , '' fo ' k or fokes for `` folks . ''
even when the pronunciation of a given word was precisely the same as that of the collectors , their desire to indicate the exotic qualities of black speech led them to [use] such misleading and superfluous spellings as wen for `` when , '' fo ' k or fokes for `` folks . ''

It reflects a fundamental approach of the core business strategy of the company , which is to leverage and utilize their monopoly to expand into neighboring markets , and to use that monopoly as a critical tool of leverage with all of their business partners , customers , and competitors .
it reflects a fundamental approach of the core business strategy of the company , which is to leverage and [use] their monopoly to expand into neighboring markets , and to use that monopoly as a critical tool of leverage with all of their business partners , customers , and competitors .

Cevik said Turkey should now press for a lifting of sanctions against Iraq , and called on Baghdad `` to utilize our unique position as a friend and neighbor of Iraq to be able to integrate back into the international community . ''
cevik said turkey should now press for a lifting of sanctions against iraq , and called on baghdad `` to [use] our unique position as a friend and neighbor of iraq to be able to integrate back into the international community . ''

Most of them are movies that utilize classic plots as new ways to frame their exploration into what it 's like to be an American teen-ager .
most of them are movies that [use] classic plots as new ways to frame their exploration into what it 's like to be an american teen-ager .

The point is that , settlers or colonists , they had come to occupy land and through occupation to utilize it .
the point is that , settlers or colonists , they had come to occupy land and through occupation to [use] it .

