We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year .
we in east greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently [using] double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year .

Many home-bound subway riders utilizing the Flushing-Main Street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the Woodside station as their express comes to a stop , leaving them stranded and strained .
many home-bound subway riders [using] the flushing-main street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the woodside station as their express comes to a stop , leaving them stranded and strained .

But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman .
but each step has been broken down into easy stages , [using] standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman .

Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? ?
are you [using] cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? ?

Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? ?
are you [using] vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? ?

The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area , and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network .
the prince took her with him on every tour around the area , and it was rumored he was [using] her knowledge of constantinople as part of his espionage network .

The Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage .
the communists are adept at [using] hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage .

As it will be discussed later , peripheral defocusing can be improved on by utilizing curved fiber couplers .
as it will be discussed later , peripheral defocusing can be improved on by [using] curved fiber couplers .

In this report , we describe the construction of triple ( pAcAB3 ) and quadruple ( pAcAB4 ) expression vectors utilizing p10 and polyhedrin promoters .
in this report , we describe the construction of triple ( pacab3 ) and quadruple ( pacab4 ) expression vectors [using] p10 and polyhedrin promoters .

In these situations , fitted bedroom furniture triumphs over free standing as it 's custom-built , utilizing every available inch of space , from floor to ceiling and it can be made to fit any bedroom , no matter what its shape .
in these situations , fitted bedroom furniture triumphs over free standing as it 's custom-built , [using] every available inch of space , from floor to ceiling and it can be made to fit any bedroom , no matter what its shape .

You know , utilizing , except it 's a long drag for people , but , but , you
you know , [using] , except it 's a long drag for people , but , but , you

It might be . It might sound a bit potty but utilizing that small vacuum cleaner and cutting the erm
it might be . it might sound a bit potty but [using] that small vacuum cleaner and cutting the erm

Furthermore , plants utilize carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that animals eject , and animals Bean yet more energy from the environment by utilizing the oxygen that plants eject by converting it into new combinations of chemicals .
furthermore , plants utilize carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that animals eject , and animals bean yet more energy from the environment by [using] the oxygen that plants eject by converting it into new combinations of chemicals .

In Western populations a fairly large proportion of people develop difficulty in utilizing carbohydrates in their diets during middle age .
in western populations a fairly large proportion of people develop difficulty in [using] carbohydrates in their diets during middle age .

Homoeopathy , the Bach remedies and herbalism are all different ways of utilizing the healing properties of plants and other natural substances .
homoeopathy , the bach remedies and herbalism are all different ways of [using] the healing properties of plants and other natural substances .

Then there are the difficulties that both practitioners and policy makers face in utilizing research which is often focused on one particular field or issue when in reality , they have to make choices between different options .
then there are the difficulties that both practitioners and policy makers face in [using] research which is often focused on one particular field or issue when in reality , they have to make choices between different options .

The primary purpose of pruning , therefore , is to prevent this situation and anticipate the plant 's own eventual rejection or abortion of its aged growth by hastening its removal , and utilizing the energy to better advantage , diverting it into the production of new growth , shoots , stems and blooms .
the primary purpose of pruning , therefore , is to prevent this situation and anticipate the plant 's own eventual rejection or abortion of its aged growth by hastening its removal , and [using] the energy to better advantage , diverting it into the production of new growth , shoots , stems and blooms .

Miller and Johnson-Laird define a number of perceptual discriminations in detailed procedural terms , utilizing what is known about our sensorimotor equipment and development .
miller and johnson-laird define a number of perceptual discriminations in detailed procedural terms , [using] what is known about our sensorimotor equipment and development .

That he was not abstracting water but merely utilizing it and returning to the river the same amount in improved condition , because contact with the turbine had aerated it , and it was better for the fish .
that he was not abstracting water but merely [using] it and returning to the river the same amount in improved condition , because contact with the turbine had aerated it , and it was better for the fish .

While there clearly was an ‘ objective ’ discontinuity of subject perspective between selective school mathematics and the practice of some segments , increasingly dominant within some countries , of university mathematics , and had been for some years , it again required interested actors , utilizing the climate of ‘ crisis ’ resulting from the campaign on teacher supply as a major resource , to enter various arenas in order to persuade others of the ‘ need ’ for change .
while there clearly was an ‘ objective ’ discontinuity of subject perspective between selective school mathematics and the practice of some segments , increasingly dominant within some countries , of university mathematics , and had been for some years , it again required interested actors , [using] the climate of ‘ crisis ’ resulting from the campaign on teacher supply as a major resource , to enter various arenas in order to persuade others of the ‘ need ’ for change .

Six major neighbourhood studies were carried out in Philadelphia between 1972 and 1976 , utilizing a range of information-seeking techniques :
six major neighbourhood studies were carried out in philadelphia between 1972 and 1976 , [using] a range of information-seeking techniques :

The appropriate values of the cost of equity and debt finance are the current required returns from these securities as they represent the opportunity cost of utilizing such funds .
the appropriate values of the cost of equity and debt finance are the current required returns from these securities as they represent the opportunity cost of [using] such funds .

The integrity of the hierarchical structure is preserved by utilizing file header records .
the integrity of the hierarchical structure is preserved by [using] file header records .

Some of these are footloose industries , such as the aluminium plants in Scotland utilizing cheap hydroelectric power , while others are based on the processing of agricultural products , including milk , meat and vegetables .
some of these are footloose industries , such as the aluminium plants in scotland [using] cheap hydroelectric power , while others are based on the processing of agricultural products , including milk , meat and vegetables .

Other station roofs designed by Turner utilizing deck-beam sections were those at Broadstone station , Dublin , 1847 ; York Road station , Belfast , 1848 ; and Galway station , 1851 .
other station roofs designed by turner [using] deck-beam sections were those at broadstone station , dublin , 1847 ; york road station , belfast , 1848 ; and galway station , 1851 .

It must be pointed out , however , that the defender 's outstretched arm tries , not to block the punch , but merely to guide it away by utilizing the turning stance , thus changing her front stance to a side stance .
it must be pointed out , however , that the defender 's outstretched arm tries , not to block the punch , but merely to guide it away by [using] the turning stance , thus changing her front stance to a side stance .

The attacker punches forwards with a rapid , sharp jab , executed off the leading fist and utilizing a forward lean of the body , which gives the punch its strength .
the attacker punches forwards with a rapid , sharp jab , executed off the leading fist and [using] a forward lean of the body , which gives the punch its strength .

This can be developed by regarding organisms as chemodynamical machines , by identifying three classes of bioenergetic processes namely fermentation , photosynthesis , and respiration , and by utilizing an approach to classification based upon microphysiology and biochemistry as well as upon macrostructure of organisms and upon macrophysiological processes .
this can be developed by regarding organisms as chemodynamical machines , by identifying three classes of bioenergetic processes namely fermentation , photosynthesis , and respiration , and by [using] an approach to classification based upon microphysiology and biochemistry as well as upon macrostructure of organisms and upon macrophysiological processes .

Each student has substantial scope for individual decision-making , and it is vital that this is exercised on an informed basis , fully utilizing the qualities of choice and flexibility inherent in the Course .
each student has substantial scope for individual decision-making , and it is vital that this is exercised on an informed basis , fully [using] the qualities of choice and flexibility inherent in the course .

Secondly , the complaint charged that the government had been ‘ negligent in supervising and controlling an operation utilizing criminals , terrorists and terrorist sympathizers at various locations , including Frankfurt Rhein-Main airport , which circumvented all baggage security controls and which was utilized by a terrorist organization to place the bomb on Flight 103 ’ .
secondly , the complaint charged that the government had been ‘ negligent in supervising and controlling an operation [using] criminals , terrorists and terrorist sympathizers at various locations , including frankfurt rhein-main airport , which circumvented all baggage security controls and which was utilized by a terrorist organization to place the bomb on flight 103 ’ .

Printers … had several books in production at once — as many as ten or twelve even in a two-press shop … This meant that an individual book took longer to print than it might have done if all the workmen had concentrated on it alone ; but also that , by utilizing plant and labour less wastefully , all the books could be printed in less time altogether , and at less cost , than they would have been by serial production .
printers … had several books in production at once — as many as ten or twelve even in a two-press shop … this meant that an individual book took longer to print than it might have done if all the workmen had concentrated on it alone ; but also that , by [using] plant and labour less wastefully , all the books could be printed in less time altogether , and at less cost , than they would have been by serial production .

The systematic analysis and design of learning sequences , based on a careful examination of objectives and constraints , and utilizing a chosen selection from all available methods and resources according to their suitability ; the systems approach to teaching and learning ; a theory based upon this .
the systematic analysis and design of learning sequences , based on a careful examination of objectives and constraints , and [using] a chosen selection from all available methods and resources according to their suitability ; the systems approach to teaching and learning ; a theory based upon this .

Treatment of water utilizing the principle of ion-exchange , whereby the calcium and magnesium ions in water were interchanged with sodium from a solid medium , started with the use of natural zeolites , complex hydrated silicates .
treatment of water [using] the principle of ion-exchange , whereby the calcium and magnesium ions in water were interchanged with sodium from a solid medium , started with the use of natural zeolites , complex hydrated silicates .

As one of us wrote only two years ago , ‘ comparisons of the virulence of parasite taxa utilizing different transmission routes from similar hosts are not yet possible ’ .
as one of us wrote only two years ago , ‘ comparisons of the virulence of parasite taxa [using] different transmission routes from similar hosts are not yet possible ’ .

The purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available techniques and the ways of utilizing the preparations obtained by them in a variety of applications which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .
the purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available techniques and the ways of [using] the preparations obtained by them in a variety of applications which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .

At a press conference , Li subsequently said that China would not use its Army against any other country , and had no intention of `` utilizing `` the Chinese-Indonesian community .
at a press conference , li subsequently said that china would not use its army against any other country , and had no intention of `` [using] `` the chinese-indonesian community .

3 . Methods for utilizing alternative model specifications
3 . methods for [using] alternative model specifications

There several ways of generating electron beams under vacuum : by stripping electrons from a hot filament ; utilizing field effect or corona discharge from metal points ; or by generating a plasma across a low pressure gas using a cold metal cathode disc .
there several ways of generating electron beams under vacuum : by stripping electrons from a hot filament ; [using] field effect or corona discharge from metal points ; or by generating a plasma across a low pressure gas using a cold metal cathode disc .

Recommendation 21 : " Governments are strongly urged to take all necessary measures , including , whenever they consider it useful , utilizing the services of non-governmental organizations , to raise the level of education attained by women as an end in itself and because of its close link to child survival and spacing . "
recommendation 21 : " governments are strongly urged to take all necessary measures , including , whenever they consider it useful , [using] the services of non-governmental organizations , to raise the level of education attained by women as an end in itself and because of its close link to child survival and spacing . "

Whereas we may postulate ‘ awareness ’ as a basic property of any behaviour , the ongoing ‘ here-and-now , relating together of incoming sensations to provide a consciousness of ‘ oneself as an object ’ requires a sustained act of attention utilizing a coded representation of reality in which the self as agent is included .
whereas we may postulate ‘ awareness ’ as a basic property of any behaviour , the ongoing ‘ here-and-now , relating together of incoming sensations to provide a consciousness of ‘ oneself as an object ’ requires a sustained act of attention [using] a coded representation of reality in which the self as agent is included .

The dispersion of adult reproductive males resembles that of females when food is poor , but they form large groups utilizing ranges in common at other times .
the dispersion of adult reproductive males resembles that of females when food is poor , but they form large groups [using] ranges in common at other times .

This pattern of performance suggests that these patients find it difficult to assemble a pronunciation , but they can continue to read familiar words because the lexical system , utilizing addressed phonology , is still working effectively .
this pattern of performance suggests that these patients find it difficult to assemble a pronunciation , but they can continue to read familiar words because the lexical system , [using] addressed phonology , is still working effectively .

Yet some writers seem to think that the laws do just that ; and that the quantitative observations encompassed in the laws take us beyond ( subjective ) experience because they are based upon objective measures of physical energy , utilizing scientific instruments .
yet some writers seem to think that the laws do just that ; and that the quantitative observations encompassed in the laws take us beyond ( subjective ) experience because they are based upon objective measures of physical energy , [using] scientific instruments .

The social worker utilizing Cognitive–Behaviour Therapy should be wary of its indiscriminate use .
the social worker [using] cognitive–behaviour therapy should be wary of its indiscriminate use .

Utilizing neighbours in the form of developing co-operative schemes or arranging/extending reciprocal visiting arrangements was mentioned by just under one-sixth of authorities , and by Metropolitan authorities in particular :
[using] neighbours in the form of developing co-operative schemes or arranging/extending reciprocal visiting arrangements was mentioned by just under one-sixth of authorities , and by metropolitan authorities in particular :

It may also constitute the most effective way of utilizing scarce resources for many such libraries .
it may also constitute the most effective way of [using] scarce resources for many such libraries .

In March 1943 , Wolverton was given a free hand to co-operate with the designer of an instructional instrument , for the teaching of fuse prediction to naval personnel , in producing a prototype , utilizing wherever possible existing railway stocks of raw material .
in march 1943 , wolverton was given a free hand to co-operate with the designer of an instructional instrument , for the teaching of fuse prediction to naval personnel , in producing a prototype , [using] wherever possible existing railway stocks of raw material .

Typical industries utilizing absorption as a method of odour control are metallurgical industries , plastic/production , waste incineration plants , animal by-product industries , and it is reported that absorption scrubber units have been fitted with a fair degree of success on plant processing meat for pet food manufacture and for the production of animal feedstuffs .
typical industries [using] absorption as a method of odour control are metallurgical industries , plastic/production , waste incineration plants , animal by-product industries , and it is reported that absorption scrubber units have been fitted with a fair degree of success on plant processing meat for pet food manufacture and for the production of animal feedstuffs .

Imagine the myriads of such infrared and other pathways and signals that the various insect species must be utilizing .
imagine the myriads of such infrared and other pathways and signals that the various insect species must be [using] .

The unthinking brashness of the adult expert is altogether lacking in the youngster and our nurturing and helpful instincts are unconsciously aroused , wanting to help the recent arrival become familiar with its new physical overcoat , gently coaxing it into utilizing its full capabilities , like the mother bird calling from the twig .
the unthinking brashness of the adult expert is altogether lacking in the youngster and our nurturing and helpful instincts are unconsciously aroused , wanting to help the recent arrival become familiar with its new physical overcoat , gently coaxing it into [using] its full capabilities , like the mother bird calling from the twig .

Encouraging experiments have been carried out utilizing the special skills of social workers ( Cooper et al .
encouraging experiments have been carried out [using] the special skills of social workers ( cooper et al .

Manners instructed Hunt to ascertain the accommodation requirements of the India Office and to examine the possibility of utilizing the land to the east of the Foreign Office site , originally designated for the War Department , for the new Office .
manners instructed hunt to ascertain the accommodation requirements of the india office and to examine the possibility of [using] the land to the east of the foreign office site , originally designated for the war department , for the new office .

Moreover , the cell does thermodynamic work , utilizing ATP degradation to ADP , to link amino acids together into a protein enzyme .
moreover , the cell does thermodynamic work , [using] atp degradation to adp , to link amino acids together into a protein enzyme .

Our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous agents operating displaced from equilibrium and utilizing a work cycle can be more eYcient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer DNA than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer DNA system to the PP and electron-photon work cycle system .
our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous agents operating displaced from equilibrium and [using] a work cycle can be more eycient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer dna than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer dna system to the pp and electron-photon work cycle system .

Celebrating Trajan ’ s campaigns against the Dacians in what is now Romania , the minutely detailed friezes spiraling around the column constitute a veritable textbook of Roman warfare utilizing some 2,500 figures .
celebrating trajan ’ s campaigns against the dacians in what is now romania , the minutely detailed friezes spiraling around the column constitute a veritable textbook of roman warfare [using] some 2,500 figures .

GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 Similarly , GAO has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 GAO , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the Congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .
gao has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 similarly , gao has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 gao , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the congress should consider [using] specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .

Utilizing figures from the Congressional Budget Office , it is estimated that the total annual direct impact of the MHPA would be to increase aggregate health plan expenditures by $ 1.16 billion , not accounting for plan sponsor responses to reduce that impact .
[using] figures from the congressional budget office , it is estimated that the total annual direct impact of the mhpa would be to increase aggregate health plan expenditures by $ 1.16 billion , not accounting for plan sponsor responses to reduce that impact .

As mentioned throughout this testimony , GAO is utilizing its strategic plan to help the Congress , the executive branch , and itself confront the many current and emerging complex issues facing the American people .
as mentioned throughout this testimony , gao is [using] its strategic plan to help the congress , the executive branch , and itself confront the many current and emerging complex issues facing the american people .

GAO is also utilizing the strategic plan to manage our own transition .
gao is also [using] the strategic plan to manage our own transition .

In absence of its own standards , the Commission defined small business with respect to cellular services by utilizing the SBA definition for radiotelephone companies , e.g. , an entity employing less than 1,500 persons .
in absence of its own standards , the commission defined small business with respect to cellular services by [using] the sba definition for radiotelephone companies , e.g. , an entity employing less than 1,500 persons .

Leading organizations have identified the following strategies that help in assessing their IT skills and recruiting , retaining , and utilizing talent to meet their business needs .
leading organizations have identified the following strategies that help in assessing their it skills and recruiting , retaining , and [using] talent to meet their business needs .

In order to achieve these goals , LSC is utilizing integrated strategies based in three essential areas : 1 ) State Planning , 2 ) Technology , and 3 ) Program Oversight : USE OF STATE PLANNING to integrate , coordinate , and increase resources available in every state and territory .
in order to achieve these goals , lsc is [using] integrated strategies based in three essential areas : 1 ) state planning , 2 ) technology , and 3 ) program oversight : use of state planning to integrate , coordinate , and increase resources available in every state and territory .

Because of the possible toxicity of thiosulfate to test organisms , a control lacking thiosulfate should be included in toxicity tests utilizing thiosulfate-dechlorinated water .
because of the possible toxicity of thiosulfate to test organisms , a control lacking thiosulfate should be included in toxicity tests [using] thiosulfate-dechlorinated water .

Because of the possible toxicity of thiosulfate to test organisms , a control lacking thiosulfate should be included in toxicity tests utilizing thiosulfatedechlorinated water .
because of the possible toxicity of thiosulfate to test organisms , a control lacking thiosulfate should be included in toxicity tests [using] thiosulfatedechlorinated water .

Other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 A new generation of wet FGD systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems.5 In addition , typical MEL absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for LFSO systems.==In this report , the estimate of typical LFSO FGD system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other SO2 control technologies .
other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and [using] fiberglass.5 a new generation of wet fgd systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet fgd systems.5 in addition , typical mel absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for lfso systems.==in this report , the estimate of typical lfso fgd system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other so2 control technologies .

There may , however , be limits to how much contracting can be done effectively , partly because of the time and cost associated with utilizing , placing , and monitoring contracts .
there may , however , be limits to how much contracting can be done effectively , partly because of the time and cost associated with [using] , placing , and monitoring contracts .

It is clear from our analysis that the equality criterion , such that each individual with HIV in KwaZulu–Natal has an equal chance of receiving ARVs , can best be satisfied by utilizing all 54 HCFs for ARV distribution and ensuring that each HCF serves a catchment region of 40 to 60 km .
it is clear from our analysis that the equality criterion , such that each individual with hiv in kwazulu–natal has an equal chance of receiving arvs , can best be satisfied by [using] all 54 hcfs for arv distribution and ensuring that each hcf serves a catchment region of 40 to 60 km .

Future research is necessary to compare ARV allocation strategies based upon the principle of efficiency ( i.e. , allocating ARVs to maximize epidemic reduction ) in order to determine whether utilizing different principles for optimization would result in similar ( or different ) allocation strategies .
future research is necessary to compare arv allocation strategies based upon the principle of efficiency ( i.e. , allocating arvs to maximize epidemic reduction ) in order to determine whether [using] different principles for optimization would result in similar ( or different ) allocation strategies .

Image Reconstruction Utilizing semiautomated feature extraction to identify lymph nodes and image analysis ( based on T2* and pixel variance ) , we subsequently proceeded to map individual lymph nodes onto vascular anatomy in the different anatomic drainage patterns .
image reconstruction [using] semiautomated feature extraction to identify lymph nodes and image analysis ( based on t2* and pixel variance ) , we subsequently proceeded to map individual lymph nodes onto vascular anatomy in the different anatomic drainage patterns .

When introductory students make presentations of their findings in laboratory courses , increasing numbers are utilizing PubMed and PDF reprints when they are available .
when introductory students make presentations of their findings in laboratory courses , increasing numbers are [using] pubmed and pdf reprints when they are available .

Although utilizing lethal mutagenesis might one day be an important way to design new drugs against a variety of viral pathogens , it would come as no surprise if nature got there first .
although [using] lethal mutagenesis might one day be an important way to design new drugs against a variety of viral pathogens , it would come as no surprise if nature got there first .

As the field of nanotechnology continues to evolve , it is likely that we will see many more nanotechnology applications utilizing biological macromolecules .
as the field of nanotechnology continues to evolve , it is likely that we will see many more nanotechnology applications [using] biological macromolecules .

Afterwards , apparently 500 milliseconds after , we are looking at the tree and utilizing previous neural pathways in relation to the tree .
afterwards , apparently 500 milliseconds after , we are looking at the tree and [using] previous neural pathways in relation to the tree .

Timmy turns toward the imagined viewers and implores us , utilizing a perhaps-inefficacious formula , `` please , let her live .
timmy turns toward the imagined viewers and implores us , [using] a perhaps-inefficacious formula , `` please , let her live .

Fifty-five thousand dollars goes to Ballet Hispanico of New York , `` to support the development of a model study unit , utilizing concerts , study guides , teacher training and residences , to celebrate the cultural contributions made by Hispanics to the United States . ''
fifty-five thousand dollars goes to ballet hispanico of new york , `` to support the development of a model study unit , [using] concerts , study guides , teacher training and residences , to celebrate the cultural contributions made by hispanics to the united states . ''

Utilizing one of these or using the rope to safeguard another climber is belaying .
[using] one of these or using the rope to safeguard another climber is belaying .

