Improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) .
improves [usage] of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) .

This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity .
this may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical [usage] of plant capacity .

The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection .
the ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife [usage] and fire protection .

The presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as : ( A )
the presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and [usage] such as : ( a )

Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails .
service at these levels of production and [usage] will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails .

Such loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches , subsidiaries , or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization , distribution , or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products .
such loans under section 104 ( e ) of the act will be made to united states business firms and branches , subsidiaries , or affiliates of such firms in india for business development and trade expansion in india and to united states firms and to indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the [usage] , distribution , or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for united states agricultural products .

The Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .
the government of india shall enable the authorized representatives of the united states to observe and review agreed projects and the [usage] of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the united states all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .

Finally , a balance must be effected among project finance , utilization of agricultural surpluses , and general balance of payments support .
finally , a balance must be effected among project finance , [usage] of agricultural surpluses , and general balance of payments support .

It will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels .
it will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the [usage] of extremely low incident light levels .

This offset the effect of rising mechanization on capital costs , and , combined with a rise in capacity utilization , pushed the output-capital ratio up .
this offset the effect of rising mechanization on capital costs , and , combined with a rise in capacity [usage] , pushed the output-capital ratio up .

Lower capacity utilization was also important for explaining the fall in the profit rate in the United States , though this is only a partial explanation .
lower capacity [usage] was also important for explaining the fall in the profit rate in the united states , though this is only a partial explanation .

It was also partly in response to the effects of overaccumulation that deflationary policies led to decreased capacity utilization in the United States .
it was also partly in response to the effects of overaccumulation that deflationary policies led to decreased capacity [usage] in the united states .

The share of profits in both manufacturing and business showed little change , despite lower capacity utilization .
the share of profits in both manufacturing and business showed little change , despite lower capacity [usage] .

Although the level of capacity utilization reached at the height of the upswing was lower than in the previous boom ( and so the extent of ‘ overheating ’ , as conventionally measured was less ) , the rate of expansion was faster than at any time since 1958–9 .
although the level of capacity [usage] reached at the height of the upswing was lower than in the previous boom ( and so the extent of ‘ overheating ’ , as conventionally measured was less ) , the rate of expansion was faster than at any time since 1958–9 .

Moreover , capacity utilization was considerably lower when the previous upswing had begun than it was at the start of the mini-boom of 1972–3 .
moreover , capacity [usage] was considerably lower when the previous upswing had begun than it was at the start of the mini-boom of 1972–3 .

With studies of metabolic activity there are still problems with calculating how much of the radioactivity in any part of the brain should be attributed to the utilization of metabolic fuels by the areas concerned , rather than simple uptake .
with studies of metabolic activity there are still problems with calculating how much of the radioactivity in any part of the brain should be attributed to the [usage] of metabolic fuels by the areas concerned , rather than simple uptake .

Following a decade of political and socio-medical pressure to retain elderly employees , industrial management had still not given significant attention to the effective utilization of older workers .
following a decade of political and socio-medical pressure to retain elderly employees , industrial management had still not given significant attention to the effective [usage] of older workers .

In another study , based totally in rural areas , Best and Rogers ( 1973 ) used land use maps from the Second Land Utilization Survey and the development plan maps of local planning authorities to produce a least-squares regression model of the form :
in another study , based totally in rural areas , best and rogers ( 1973 ) used land use maps from the second land [usage] survey and the development plan maps of local planning authorities to produce a least-squares regression model of the form :

presented a ‘ grid ’ file that performs particularly well when the number of search attributes is ten or less , and offers a high data storage utilization , good growth characteristics and efficient processing of range queries ; Stanfill and Kahle explain the principles of a parallel free-text search on a particular parallel computer , and claim a retrieval speed of 2 — 3 minutes for Boolean queries of 25 and 20000 terms respectively when the database in question takes up 15 Gbytes of storage space .
presented a ‘ grid ’ file that performs particularly well when the number of search attributes is ten or less , and offers a high data storage [usage] , good growth characteristics and efficient processing of range queries ; stanfill and kahle explain the principles of a parallel free-text search on a particular parallel computer , and claim a retrieval speed of 2 — 3 minutes for boolean queries of 25 and 20000 terms respectively when the database in question takes up 15 gbytes of storage space .

Organizations in this environment must pay attention to flexibility , quality and asset utilization to remain competitive .
organizations in this environment must pay attention to flexibility , quality and asset [usage] to remain competitive .

This is a process 114 The Computer-Based Design Process that enables the chief designer to communicate design concepts through to his team without taking up the role of a detail draughtsman , giving very effective utilization of design skills .
this is a process 114 the computer-based design process that enables the chief designer to communicate design concepts through to his team without taking up the role of a detail draughtsman , giving very effective [usage] of design skills .

As the chapter on education will show , there is considerable evidence to indicate that the class system in Western industrial society limits the possibilities of the discovery and utilization of talent .
as the chapter on education will show , there is considerable evidence to indicate that the class system in western industrial society limits the possibilities of the discovery and [usage] of talent .

The small stock in rural areas frequently makes it very difficult for councils to meet transfer requests , even though these may lead to more efficient utilization of their resources .
the small stock in rural areas frequently makes it very difficult for councils to meet transfer requests , even though these may lead to more efficient [usage] of their resources .

It was in response to this that the Scott Committee on Land Utilization in Rural Areas urged that agricultural use should have priority in any conflicts over rural land use .
it was in response to this that the scott committee on land [usage] in rural areas urged that agricultural use should have priority in any conflicts over rural land use .

Such economies of scale must be distinguished from savings through fuller utilization of existing capacity , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific existing piece of plant over more units .
such economies of scale must be distinguished from savings through fuller [usage] of existing capacity , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific existing piece of plant over more units .

Nuclear power production involves a series of steps comprising the processes of mining and milling of uranium , conversion to fuel material ( in most cases including enrichment in the isotope uranium-235 from about 0.7 per cent to 2–4 per cent ) , fabrication of fuel elements , utilization of the fuel in nuclear reactors , storage of the spent fuel , reprocessing of this fuel with a view to recycling , transportation of materials between various installations and disposal of radioactive waste ( figure 5.5 ) .
nuclear power production involves a series of steps comprising the processes of mining and milling of uranium , conversion to fuel material ( in most cases including enrichment in the isotope uranium-235 from about 0.7 per cent to 2–4 per cent ) , fabrication of fuel elements , [usage] of the fuel in nuclear reactors , storage of the spent fuel , reprocessing of this fuel with a view to recycling , transportation of materials between various installations and disposal of radioactive waste ( figure 5.5 ) .

They have done so in the first place because of the advantage of high space utilization on limited ground area ; an important asset to companies trying to make the best use of a high value industrial site with no room for extension .
they have done so in the first place because of the advantage of high space [usage] on limited ground area ; an important asset to companies trying to make the best use of a high value industrial site with no room for extension .

Furthermore when a random access pallet system is employed utilization of pallet spaces provided can be as high 95 % rather than less than 85 % in more conventional warehouses .
furthermore when a random access pallet system is employed [usage] of pallet spaces provided can be as high 95 % rather than less than 85 % in more conventional warehouses .

to an industrial problem with the Coal Utilization Research Association .
to an industrial problem with the coal [usage] research association .

Davis went on to say , ‘ Chemical Engineering deals with the construction of plants … for the utilization of chemical reactions on the large scale without in any way specifying the industry in which such plants are to be used .
davis went on to say , ‘ chemical engineering deals with the construction of plants … for the [usage] of chemical reactions on the large scale without in any way specifying the industry in which such plants are to be used .

But this was to increase utilization of that Cumbrian coast line which had originally been conceived for the movement of iron ore and coke and this symbolized the extent to which the railway companies , as distinct from the resorts , long regarded the holiday traffic .
but this was to increase [usage] of that cumbrian coast line which had originally been conceived for the movement of iron ore and coke and this symbolized the extent to which the railway companies , as distinct from the resorts , long regarded the holiday traffic .

They thought that this could reduce duplication and ensure better utilization of resources as well as guaranteeing greater consistency across different branches of the same service .
they thought that this could reduce duplication and ensure better [usage] of resources as well as guaranteeing greater consistency across different branches of the same service .

However , Patinkin pointed out that , during a Keynesian recession , underutilized capacity is typically observed side by side with unemployed labour : capacity utilization will fall and unemployment will rise as aggregate demand falls .
however , patinkin pointed out that , during a keynesian recession , underutilized capacity is typically observed side by side with unemployed labour : capacity [usage] will fall and unemployment will rise as aggregate demand falls .

The dependence of the size of the capital stock on the degree of capacity utilization and hence on the level of aggregate demand .
the dependence of the size of the capital stock on the degree of capacity [usage] and hence on the level of aggregate demand .

The commission is charged with `` promoting a rational management , preservation and utilization of the country 's natural resources , as well as to encourage efforts to educate the public on environmental affairs `` .
the commission is charged with `` promoting a rational management , preservation and [usage] of the country 's natural resources , as well as to encourage efforts to educate the public on environmental affairs `` .

But conservationists warn that unregulated expansion of `` wildlife utilization `` programmes such as these may lead to over-exploitation .
but conservationists warn that unregulated expansion of `` wildlife [usage] `` programmes such as these may lead to over-exploitation .

As confirmation of intense utilization and reliability , during Aug 68 the five aircraft achieved 230 flights , 799 landings , 2490 touch and go 's and 737 flying hours .
as confirmation of intense [usage] and reliability , during aug 68 the five aircraft achieved 230 flights , 799 landings , 2490 touch and go 's and 737 flying hours .

With the phenomenal explosion of information science in recent years , the vast increase in publishing costs and the reduction in government grants to educational establishments , librarians seem to spend a great deal of their time these days poring over computer print-outs on library utilization , in order to help them decide where to recommend cutbacks in library service ( e. g. shorter opening hours or reduced service from enquiry desks ) .
with the phenomenal explosion of information science in recent years , the vast increase in publishing costs and the reduction in government grants to educational establishments , librarians seem to spend a great deal of their time these days poring over computer print-outs on library [usage] , in order to help them decide where to recommend cutbacks in library service ( e. g. shorter opening hours or reduced service from enquiry desks ) .

The utilization of established or collaborationist governments , as in Thailand or the Philippines , was little more than a façade for Japanese rule .
the [usage] of established or collaborationist governments , as in thailand or the philippines , was little more than a façade for japanese rule .

In addition , the system manager should be able to assign priorities for processor utilization when this is desirable .
in addition , the system manager should be able to assign priorities for processor [usage] when this is desirable .

The system should record the resources used during each terminal session , so that the utilization of the operation can be monitored and appropriate actions taken to prevent resource shortages from becoming a problem .
the system should record the resources used during each terminal session , so that the [usage] of the operation can be monitored and appropriate actions taken to prevent resource shortages from becoming a problem .

Experiments with rat embryos suggest that this increased demand for oxygen is due both to a change in metabolism , from a predominantly glycolytic source of energy to utilization of the Kreb 's cycle and electron transport system , and to a necessary compensation for the absence of a functional chorioallantoic placenta which serves in vivo as an important organ of respiratory exchange ( 18 ) .
experiments with rat embryos suggest that this increased demand for oxygen is due both to a change in metabolism , from a predominantly glycolytic source of energy to [usage] of the kreb 's cycle and electron transport system , and to a necessary compensation for the absence of a functional chorioallantoic placenta which serves in vivo as an important organ of respiratory exchange ( 18 ) .

Utilization of hospital services
[usage] of hospital services

Data about utilization of hospital services over time are sparse .
data about [usage] of hospital services over time are sparse .

Utilization of mental hospital services
[usage] of mental hospital services

Separate information is available for utilization of mental hospital beds which distinguish between first admissions and all admissions .
separate information is available for [usage] of mental hospital beds which distinguish between first admissions and all admissions .

Utilization rates for both these services increase significantly with the age of older people .
[usage] rates for both these services increase significantly with the age of older people .

Service utilization by ‘ vulnerable ’ groups
service [usage] by ‘ vulnerable ’ groups

We have seen that all forms of medical care utilization increases with age .
we have seen that all forms of medical care [usage] increases with age .

Are these differences reflected in their patterns of service utilization ?
are these differences reflected in their patterns of service [usage] ?

Crude medical service utilization rates are very similar for older people from across the spectrum of social classes ( see Table 7.8 ) .
crude medical service [usage] rates are very similar for older people from across the spectrum of social classes ( see table 7.8 ) .

Although there are many agencies operating in the domiciliary sector we have detailed utilization data for only a minority of these : home helps and the mobile meals services ( meals on wheels ) .
although there are many agencies operating in the domiciliary sector we have detailed [usage] data for only a minority of these : home helps and the mobile meals services ( meals on wheels ) .

In developed countries it can be observed that the widespread utilization of informatics :
in developed countries it can be observed that the widespread [usage] of informatics :

Such factors include Reduced utilization .
such factors include reduced [usage] .

The increasing time pressure due to reduced utilization and productivity will itself increase demands on both site and off-site management .
the increasing time pressure due to reduced [usage] and productivity will itself increase demands on both site and off-site management .

Each major site operation or resource type should be considered separately in terms of utilization , productivity and any premium costs of overtime or additional resources .
each major site operation or resource type should be considered separately in terms of [usage] , productivity and any premium costs of overtime or additional resources .

In a country like Kenya with a 4 % plus increment in the population , the pressures are becoming so heavy that the relatively slow educational process towards the utilization of natural resources is likely to be swamped by the acute needs of the very people who need to be informed .
in a country like kenya with a 4 % plus increment in the population , the pressures are becoming so heavy that the relatively slow educational process towards the [usage] of natural resources is likely to be swamped by the acute needs of the very people who need to be informed .

High liquidity ratios indicate short-term financial strength but do not measure efficiency of utilization of resources .
high liquidity ratios indicate short-term financial strength but do not measure efficiency of [usage] of resources .

Turnover of assets , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of utilization of resources .
turnover of assets , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of [usage] of resources .

It seems very likely , indeed , that an extension of democratic and decentralized planning would lead to an even larger role for the social sciences in the formation of public policies , if one may judge from the expansion and the greater utilization of them which has already occurred in the short period during which the present welfare states have developed .
it seems very likely , indeed , that an extension of democratic and decentralized planning would lead to an even larger role for the social sciences in the formation of public policies , if one may judge from the expansion and the greater [usage] of them which has already occurred in the short period during which the present welfare states have developed .

Only Nikolai Vorontsov , the Minister of Nature Utilization and Environmental Protection , and not a party member , was consistent in his opposition to the coup .
only nikolai vorontsov , the minister of nature [usage] and environmental protection , and not a party member , was consistent in his opposition to the coup .

He also ordered a stop to the unauthorized utilization by those authorities of produce already allocated for fulfilment of state orders .
he also ordered a stop to the unauthorized [usage] by those authorities of produce already allocated for fulfilment of state orders .

On March 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and utilization of undertakings scheduled to remain public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , utilization and protection of assets temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to existing outdated decrees on state assets .
on march 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and [usage] of undertakings scheduled to remain public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , [usage] and protection of assets temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to existing outdated decrees on state assets .

High liquidity ratios indicate short-term financial strength but do not measure efficiency of utilization of resources .
high liquidity ratios indicate short-term financial strength but do not measure efficiency of [usage] of resources .

Turnover of assets , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of utilization of resources .
turnover of assets , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of [usage] of resources .

Turning to the mammals , Jarman 's ( 1974 ) study of antelopes describes five types of foraging strategy differing in their selectivity of plant species and parts and the utilization of food items dispersed in different ways .
turning to the mammals , jarman 's ( 1974 ) study of antelopes describes five types of foraging strategy differing in their selectivity of plant species and parts and the [usage] of food items dispersed in different ways .

In the first instance it stemmed from an understandable utilization of familiar forms to furnish a reassuring and acceptable face for the new means of locomotion and thus allay the fears of travellers for whom speed was a new and potentially alarming phenomenon .
in the first instance it stemmed from an understandable [usage] of familiar forms to furnish a reassuring and acceptable face for the new means of locomotion and thus allay the fears of travellers for whom speed was a new and potentially alarming phenomenon .

The government saw it as a means to increase the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the Bank saw it as an intervention which would initiate a commercial livestock industry in Tanzania , a means of increasing resource utilization and exports .
the government saw it as a means to increase the resources under its control ; those few livestock owners who were aware of the project saw it as a means to acquire more stock and supplies of water , but with no thought of selling more of their animals ; the bank saw it as an intervention which would initiate a commercial livestock industry in tanzania , a means of increasing resource [usage] and exports .

Only through the rich utilization of this concept can we fully honor the human-worth value ’ ( p. 8 ) .
only through the rich [usage] of this concept can we fully honor the human-worth value ’ ( p. 8 ) .

These findings cover a broad range of information and issues , including identification of factors that have contributed to the widespread use of paraprofessionals around the world , detailed descriptions of their roles and utilization patterns , the nature of their relationships with professional colleagues , the types of training they receive , and the career paths open to them .
these findings cover a broad range of information and issues , including identification of factors that have contributed to the widespread use of paraprofessionals around the world , detailed descriptions of their roles and [usage] patterns , the nature of their relationships with professional colleagues , the types of training they receive , and the career paths open to them .

Based on their extensive studies on behalf of the National Association of Social Workers into differential use of social welfare personnel , Barker and Briggs ( 1968 ) developed a fairly sophisticated conception of how the social service team would work , and they offered it as an alternative to previously specified models of staff differentiation and utilization .
based on their extensive studies on behalf of the national association of social workers into differential use of social welfare personnel , barker and briggs ( 1968 ) developed a fairly sophisticated conception of how the social service team would work , and they offered it as an alternative to previously specified models of staff differentiation and [usage] .

This was due to inadequate planning for maximum utilization of reserves , over-exploitation of existing mines , poor safety standards , lack of new exploration and poor equipment .
this was due to inadequate planning for maximum [usage] of reserves , over-exploitation of existing mines , poor safety standards , lack of new exploration and poor equipment .

The scale of their utilization of traditional law was remarkable , both in the exploitation of the rules of criminal procedure and in the development of the pre-existing substantive law .
the scale of their [usage] of traditional law was remarkable , both in the exploitation of the rules of criminal procedure and in the development of the pre-existing substantive law .

For example , more systematic planning and evaluation of training , greater exploration of the possibilities of co-operative schemes , more extensive utilization of expertise available within parent authorities and other local organizations , could all have an impact on amount of training undertaken .
for example , more systematic planning and evaluation of training , greater exploration of the possibilities of co-operative schemes , more extensive [usage] of expertise available within parent authorities and other local organizations , could all have an impact on amount of training undertaken .

Because each roll of cloth has a particular width , grouping different sizes together will result in varying percentages of cloth utilization for each width .
because each roll of cloth has a particular width , grouping different sizes together will result in varying percentages of cloth [usage] for each width .

To achieve the 90 percent cloth utilization typical of this kind of production , one needs to combine six pairs of pants into one marker .
to achieve the 90 percent cloth [usage] typical of this kind of production , one needs to combine six pairs of pants into one marker .

Higher cloth utilization is possible with jeans , but lower levels are normal for blouses , jackets , and intimate apparel ( see Figure 8.2 ) .
higher cloth [usage] is possible with jeans , but lower levels are normal for blouses , jackets , and intimate apparel ( see figure 8.2 ) .

Because fabric is generally the most expensive part of finished garments , the skill of the marker-maker is critical for achieving high cloth utilization and lower fabric costs .
because fabric is generally the most expensive part of finished garments , the skill of the marker-maker is critical for achieving high cloth [usage] and lower fabric costs .

Marker-making is easier with fewer pieces , but with fewer pieces , overall cloth utilization is generally lower .
marker-making is easier with fewer pieces , but with fewer pieces , overall cloth [usage] is generally lower .

A trial marker might leave the right-hand end very uneven , for example , resulting in low utilization when the cloth is cut straight across the bolt in the standard “ guillotine ” cut .
a trial marker might leave the right-hand end very uneven , for example , resulting in low [usage] when the cloth is cut straight across the bolt in the standard “ guillotine ” cut .

Variation of just a quarter inch in a sixty-inch width can yield a 0.42 percent change in cloth utilization .
variation of just a quarter inch in a sixty-inch width can yield a 0.42 percent change in cloth [usage] .

The pants marker shown in Figure 8.1 was produced by this automatic layout software and yielded cloth utilization of 89.66 percent .
the pants marker shown in figure 8.1 was produced by this automatic layout software and yielded cloth [usage] of 89.66 percent .

The equivalent production marker made by the manufacturer ’ s highly skilled operator , using a computer but without HCTAR ’ s software , achieved a utilization of 89.54 percent , or just a little less than the fully automatic software system .
the equivalent production marker made by the manufacturer ’ s highly skilled operator , using a computer but without hctar ’ s software , achieved a [usage] of 89.54 percent , or just a little less than the fully automatic software system .

The production marker for the intimate apparel item in Figure 8.2 was initially laid out by a trained operator with 79.96 percent utilization ; the HCTAR software compacted the marker and achieved cloth utilization of 81.54 percent , an improvement of 1.47 percent .
the production marker for the intimate apparel item in figure 8.2 was initially laid out by a trained operator with 79.96 percent [usage] ; the hctar software compacted the marker and achieved cloth [usage] of 81.54 percent , an improvement of 1.47 percent .

Under these conditions , a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in Figures 8.1 and 8.2 ( page 137 ) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time required to reach high levels of cloth utilization .
under these conditions , a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in figures 8.1 and 8.2 ( page 137 ) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time required to reach high levels of cloth [usage] .

For many of these patients , brief interventions demonstrate significant effects on subsequent alcohol intake and emergency department resource utilization when used as stand-alone treatment.40 Other patients may require more extended treatment .
for many of these patients , brief interventions demonstrate significant effects on subsequent alcohol intake and emergency department resource [usage] when used as stand-alone treatment.40 other patients may require more extended treatment .

Injury-related medical care utilization in a problem drinking population .
injury-related medical care [usage] in a problem drinking population .

For example , they can help identify perpetrators of both known and unknown fraud schemes through the analysis of utilization trends , patterns , and complex interrelationships in the data .
for example , they can help identify perpetrators of both known and unknown fraud schemes through the analysis of [usage] trends , patterns , and complex interrelationships in the data .

GAO also seeks to lead the government in the strategic management and security of effective technology utilization .
gao also seeks to lead the government in the strategic management and security of effective technology [usage] .

RANN Utilization Experience : Case Studies 22 Through 31 , vol .
rann [usage] experience : case studies 22 through 31 , vol .

Commitment : Undertake a series of program evaluation performance pilot projects that are intended to provide in-depth understanding of unique issues facing each program , more relevant and accurate reporting of program activities and resource utilization , performance measures that describe and project program success , information that will lead to an improvement of the overall effectiveness and efficiency of service delivery .
commitment : undertake a series of program evaluation performance pilot projects that are intended to provide in-depth understanding of unique issues facing each program , more relevant and accurate reporting of program activities and resource [usage] , performance measures that describe and project program success , information that will lead to an improvement of the overall effectiveness and efficiency of service delivery .

For example , even in the range of 3 percent to 4 percent coal sulfur levels , a 4 percent sulfur coal can increase consumption by about one-third.6 It is not uncommon for modern FGD systems to achieve 97 percent utilization of limestone.7 Generally , higher percent utilization equates to higher reactivity of the reagent , and , therefore , less reagent is needed to achieve a given level of SO2 removal .
for example , even in the range of 3 percent to 4 percent coal sulfur levels , a 4 percent sulfur coal can increase consumption by about one-third.6 it is not uncommon for modern fgd systems to achieve 97 percent [usage] of limestone.7 generally , higher percent [usage] equates to higher reactivity of the reagent , and , therefore , less reagent is needed to achieve a given level of so2 removal .

The production of gypsum requires a minimum of 92 percent limestone utilization .
the production of gypsum requires a minimum of 92 percent limestone [usage] .

Despite changes in overall installation schedules , efficient utilization of labor and sequencing the installation during planned outages will continue to be planning issues .
despite changes in overall installation schedules , efficient [usage] of labor and sequencing the installation during planned outages will continue to be planning issues .

One approach to improving sorbent utilization is recycling the spent sorbent for multiple exposure to the SO2 in the flue gas .
one approach to improving sorbent [usage] is recycling the spent sorbent for multiple exposure to the so2 in the flue gas .

Installation is staggered by two to three months between sequential units to enable more efficient utilization of manpower and project management than if multiple units were connected at one time .
installation is staggered by two to three months between sequential units to enable more efficient [usage] of manpower and project management than if multiple units were connected at one time .

This alternative could result in a faster project completion , but would have less even labor utilization , which is an important cost-benefit tradeoff.30 In summary , the total time needed to complete the design , installation , and testing at a facility with one SCR unit is about 21 months ; at a facility with multiple SCR ( seven ) units , total time is approximately 35 months .
this alternative could result in a faster project completion , but would have less even labor [usage] , which is an important cost-benefit tradeoff.30 in summary , the total time needed to complete the design , installation , and testing at a facility with one scr unit is about 21 months ; at a facility with multiple scr ( seven ) units , total time is approximately 35 months .

The advantages of this approach are that greater mercury capture occurs because of the additional mercury capture that can occur on the FF filter cake ; and , because the ash is largely separated from the sorbent , more efficient sorbent utilization is possible through sorbent recycling .
the advantages of this approach are that greater mercury capture occurs because of the additional mercury capture that can occur on the ff filter cake ; and , because the ash is largely separated from the sorbent , more efficient sorbent [usage] is possible through sorbent recycling .

Installation is staggered by one month between sequential units to enable more efficient utilization of manpower and project management than if multiple units were connected at one time .
installation is staggered by one month between sequential units to enable more efficient [usage] of manpower and project management than if multiple units were connected at one time .

If a facility owner chose to install a Pulse-Jet Fabric Filter ( PJFF ) in addition to the ACI system for the purpose of improving sorbent utilization , the project time would necessarily be lengthened beyond this 16-month period to allow for the installation of the PJFF .
if a facility owner chose to install a pulse-jet fabric filter ( pjff ) in addition to the aci system for the purpose of improving sorbent [usage] , the project time would necessarily be lengthened beyond this 16-month period to allow for the installation of the pjff .

The Administrator shall adjust the foregoing calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the Administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .
the administrator shall adjust the foregoing calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 [usage] of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .

Even if it were available , the catchment area population would not be a good denominator since there can be significant natural geographical variation in health-care utilization data , due to disparities in disease prevalence , access to health care , and consumer behavior [ 34 ] .
even if it were available , the catchment area population would not be a good denominator since there can be significant natural geographical variation in health-care [usage] data , due to disparities in disease prevalence , access to health care , and consumer behavior [ 34 ] .

One option when evaluating data that are affected by utilization behavior is to use total volume as the denominator .
one option when evaluating data that are affected by [usage] behavior is to use total volume as the denominator .

It is the body 's ability to maintain glucose utilization and suppress endogenous glucose production in the setting of this compensatory hyperinsulinemia that separates metabolic syndrome from diabetes .
it is the body 's ability to maintain glucose [usage] and suppress endogenous glucose production in the setting of this compensatory hyperinsulinemia that separates metabolic syndrome from diabetes .

They represent a permanent genetic resource that greatly facilitates the utilization of wild and exotic germplasm in a breeding program , and they are also an efficient reagent for the discovery and isolation of genes underlying traits of agricultural importance .
they represent a permanent genetic resource that greatly facilitates the [usage] of wild and exotic germplasm in a breeding program , and they are also an efficient reagent for the discovery and isolation of genes underlying traits of agricultural importance .

As a “ smart breeding ” strategy , it will facilitate the exploration and utilization of natural genetic variation , expanding the genetic base of our crop plants and providing more flexibility for the future .
as a “ smart breeding ” strategy , it will facilitate the exploration and [usage] of natural genetic variation , expanding the genetic base of our crop plants and providing more flexibility for the future .

Words which through their coinage reflect the utilization of the land give some measure of the environmental impact -- if I may use an anachronism .
words which through their coinage reflect the [usage] of the land give some measure of the environmental impact -- if i may use an anachronism .

The only words which imply some sort of relationship , either of location or utilization , between the Aborigines and the land are hunting ground ( it being observed in 1830 that the Natives are as tenacious of their hunting grounds as settlers are of their farms ) , the verb to fire , used with reference to the Aboriginal practice of setting fire to a tract of vegetation either to trap animals or to maintain grassland , and run and station .
the only words which imply some sort of relationship , either of location or [usage] , between the aborigines and the land are hunting ground ( it being observed in 1830 that the natives are as tenacious of their hunting grounds as settlers are of their farms ) , the verb to fire , used with reference to the aboriginal practice of setting fire to a tract of vegetation either to trap animals or to maintain grassland , and run and station .

