The performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying .
the performances were [different] , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying .

While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more variable .
while the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more [different] .

As a boy Roy Mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the out-of-doors , its tang of weather , its change of seasons , its variable moods .
as a boy roy mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the out-of-doors , its tang of weather , its change of seasons , its [different] moods .

Three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources .
three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the [different] filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources .

The charge is variable , however , and goes as low as $.50 a day in Ireland and as high as $2.00 a day in Greece .
the charge is [different] , however , and goes as low as $.50 a day in ireland and as high as $2.00 a day in greece .

Rental fees are variable , too , throughout the countries of Europe .
rental fees are [different] , too , throughout the countries of europe .

they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable , local planetary motions .
they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately [different] , local planetary motions .

With the existence of these many factors , some of them variable , it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the Commission to make assignments of AM stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances .
with the existence of these many factors , some of them [different] , it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the commission to make assignments of am stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances .

In the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component .
in the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the [different] component .

The current was regulated by means of a variable resistor and measured with a 50 mV shunt and millivoltmeter .
the current was regulated by means of a [different] resistor and measured with a 50 mv shunt and millivoltmeter .

In order to reduce the number of variable parameters , all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5'' '' and a current of 100 Aj .
in order to reduce the number of [different] parameters , all experiments were made with a constant arc length of 0.5'' '' and a current of 100 aj .

The incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter .
the incubation period of infectious disease , plus a [different] period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter .

Here the number of trials is a random variable , not a fixed number .
here the number of trials is a random [different] , not a fixed number .

Each performance of an n-trial binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through N as the value of the random variable X , where Af .
each performance of an n-trial binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through n as the value of the random [different] x , where af .

We want to study the probability function of this random variable .
we want to study the probability function of this random [different] .

Thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes , and the random variable is not the number of successes .
thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes , and the random [different] is not the number of successes .

The random variable X takes the values Af with probabilities Af or , more briefly Af .
the random [different] x takes the values af with probabilities af or , more briefly af .

Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1 , with probabilities Q and P respectively .
therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random [different] associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1 , with probabilities q and p respectively .

The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable X , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials .
the several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random [different] x , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials .

The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here .
the number of successes on each shot is a value of a random [different] that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here .

We again consider a fixed point P at Af and a variable point Q at Af on C .
we again consider a fixed point p at af and a [different] point q at af on c .

It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method .
it would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the [different] being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method .

Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable .
tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive [different] .

This leaves the ordering of entries variable .
this leaves the ordering of entries [different] .

While the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in Athabascan .
while the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more [different] material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in athabascan .

The Cost Section distinguishes between ( directly ) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter .
the cost section distinguishes between ( directly ) [different] costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter .

The variable costs alone are assigned to the different units of freight traffic as representing `` long-run out-of-pocket costs '' -- a term with a meaning here not distinctly different from that of the economist's `` long-run marginal costs '' .
the [different] costs alone are assigned to the different units of freight traffic as representing `` long-run out-of-pocket costs '' -- a term with a meaning here not distinctly different from that of the economist's `` long-run marginal costs '' .

Instead , all of the total costs are treated as variable costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables .
instead , all of the total costs are treated as [different] costs , although these costs are divided into costs that are deemed to be functions of different variables .

Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .
moreover , whereas in interstate commerce commission parlance `` [different] cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` [different] cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one [different] ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .

Taking alienation as a dependent variable , with what socio-structural factors is it most highly associated ? ?
taking alienation as a dependent [different] , with what socio-structural factors is it most highly associated ? ?

Considered as an independent variable , how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life ? ?
considered as an independent [different] , how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life ? ?

Basically , the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units , a variable mixer , a nozzle carriage assembly , and , in many cases , a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam .
basically , the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units , a [different] mixer , a nozzle carriage assembly , and , in many cases , a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam .

Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. .
profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in [different] heights , dimensions , etc. .

We replace r , the number of the stage from the end of the process , by t , a continuous variable which measures the `` distance '' of the point considered from the end of the process .
we replace r , the number of the stage from the end of the process , by t , a continuous [different] which measures the `` distance '' of the point considered from the end of the process .

Although we are more aware of the requirements for the horse , we know that the ingredients are variable .
although we are more aware of the requirements for the horse , we know that the ingredients are [different] .

Well if you 've got a big file right ? And you 're changing all your currencies of a certain variable
well if you 've got a big file right ? and you 're changing all your currencies of a certain [different]

You may find that 's a moulded plug and it , no that end trigger , is it a variable speed trigger ?
you may find that 's a moulded plug and it , no that end trigger , is it a [different] speed trigger ?

My last one was eight pound summat but mine 's a variable speed reversible and all that
my last one was eight pound summat but mine 's a [different] speed reversible and all that

Laurentian Financial Group has reduced the variable rate on its 100 per cent mortgage to 7.99 per cent on the first 75 per cent of the loan and 13.99 per cent on the final 25 per cent .
laurentian financial group has reduced the [different] rate on its 100 per cent mortgage to 7.99 per cent on the first 75 per cent of the loan and 13.99 per cent on the final 25 per cent .

Even though Crocus angustifolius , originally from the Crimea and Caucasus , has been in our gardens at least since the late 16th century , it seems to be much less variable .
even though crocus angustifolius , originally from the crimea and caucasus , has been in our gardens at least since the late 16th century , it seems to be much less [different] .

Last night Mr Portillo said the phrase ‘ full compensation ’ was meaningless because people lived in different homes in different circumstances and that there were too many variable factors that made it impossible to give a specific figure at present .
last night mr portillo said the phrase ‘ full compensation ’ was meaningless because people lived in different homes in different circumstances and that there were too many [different] factors that made it impossible to give a specific figure at present .

In addition , the premiums charged are being reduced from 2.5 per cent to 0.5 per cent for fixed rate loans and to 1.5 per cent for variable rate lending .
in addition , the premiums charged are being reduced from 2.5 per cent to 0.5 per cent for fixed rate loans and to 1.5 per cent for [different] rate lending .

Some dealers worried the so-called ‘ repo ’ rate would rise after the Bundesbank asked banks to bid for funds at variable rates rather than the fixed 8.25 per cent set in recent tenders .
some dealers worried the so-called ‘ repo ’ rate would rise after the bundesbank asked banks to bid for funds at [different] rates rather than the fixed 8.25 per cent set in recent tenders .

This week the bespectacled McAllister has missed little of note on the variable greens .
this week the bespectacled mcallister has missed little of note on the [different] greens .

Stephen McAllister : two behind leader Steen Tinning thanks to poise on variable greens
stephen mcallister : two behind leader steen tinning thanks to poise on [different] greens

where p i is the probe occuring at position i and h ( c , p ) is an indicator variable indicating whether the clone c and the probe p hybridise .
where p i is the probe occuring at position i and h ( c , p ) is an indicator [different] indicating whether the clone c and the probe p hybridise .

Variable travel times were calculated , including the time it could take for part-timers to get to their station .
[different] travel times were calculated , including the time it could take for part-timers to get to their station .

Ratners , no longer run by flamboyant founder Gerald Ratner but by James McAdam , said ‘ recovery in consumer confidence is still somewhat variable ’ .
ratners , no longer run by flamboyant founder gerald ratner but by james mcadam , said ‘ recovery in consumer confidence is still somewhat [different] ’ .

Time series arising from monitoring a patient 's heartbeat or from remote sensing some variable at the bottom of an oil well are obvious examples .
time series arising from monitoring a patient 's heartbeat or from remote sensing some [different] at the bottom of an oil well are obvious examples .

Suppose we think of these data as representing the marks of 50 students in statistics examinations ; the variable x , gives the marks at a Christmas examination and y gives the marks of the same students at Easter , the overall correlation being 0.523 .
suppose we think of these data as representing the marks of 50 students in statistics examinations ; the [different] x , gives the marks at a christmas examination and y gives the marks of the same students at easter , the overall correlation being 0.523 .

Frequency distribution control : match each variable separately .
frequency distribution control : match each [different] separately .

For example , headaches and colds are very variable and virtually all disappear even without treatment .
for example , headaches and colds are very [different] and virtually all disappear even without treatment .

For , suppose we know that the main variable of interest in the study varies much less within strata than overall , then much more precise estimates are possible for this variable .
for , suppose we know that the main [different] of interest in the study varies much less within strata than overall , then much more precise estimates are possible for this [different] .

This procedure assumes that , from past experience ( possibly a pilot study ) , we know the standard deviation , d i , of the main variable of interest within stratum i .
this procedure assumes that , from past experience ( possibly a pilot study ) , we know the standard deviation , d i , of the main [different] of interest within stratum i .

( This assumes once again that there is a single variable of primary interest . )
( this assumes once again that there is a single [different] of primary interest . )

The more variable strata will therefore be more intensively sampled , leading to estimates of the population mean or total for this variable that are ‘ optimal ’ in the sense of having smallest possible variance .
the more [different] strata will therefore be more intensively sampled , leading to estimates of the population mean or total for this [different] that are ‘ optimal ’ in the sense of having smallest possible variance .

An intervening variable is ‘ simply a variable which is causally situated between two other variables .
an intervening [different] is ‘ simply a [different] which is causally situated between two other variables .

Within the overall group of advanced industrialized , capitalist market economies , it is necessary to choose a pair of countries that gives sufficient interesting variation in the ‘ independent variable ’ ; that is , in the nature of the political system ( including the place of state enterprise within it ) , and in the relationship between social classes and the state .
within the overall group of advanced industrialized , capitalist market economies , it is necessary to choose a pair of countries that gives sufficient interesting variation in the ‘ independent [different] ’ ; that is , in the nature of the political system ( including the place of state enterprise within it ) , and in the relationship between social classes and the state .

Third , the choice of Spain provides an important short-term political variable .
third , the choice of spain provides an important short-term political [different] .

It is argued that differences in the political agendas and ideologies of the British and Spanish governments lie behind the variable pressures — and opportunities — for industrial relations change experienced by railway management .
it is argued that differences in the political agendas and ideologies of the british and spanish governments lie behind the [different] pressures — and opportunities — for industrial relations change experienced by railway management .

If the state is autonomous , within wide and variable limits , what determines how the state actually behaves , in other words the logic of state action ?
if the state is autonomous , within wide and [different] limits , what determines how the state actually behaves , in other words the logic of state action ?

The pursuit of the new ‘ commercialism ’ was the response , albeit ‘ lagged and variable ’ , to the forces engendered by the general economic crisis and its attendant crisis of state expenditure .
the pursuit of the new ‘ commercialism ’ was the response , albeit ‘ lagged and [different] ’ , to the forces engendered by the general economic crisis and its attendant crisis of state expenditure .

In chapter 2 it was suggested that political responses to economic crisis were lagged and variable .
in chapter 2 it was suggested that political responses to economic crisis were lagged and [different] .

The quality is variable but is generally vastly inferior to the genuine itemm .
the quality is [different] but is generally vastly inferior to the genuine itemm .

The nearby galaxies you can reach using a kind of special variable star .
the nearby galaxies you can reach using a kind of special [different] star .

Its a sort of signature — you can recognise that particular kind of star — it 's called a sephied variable , and we know how bright that is and so we can use that to get distances to nearby galaxies .
its a sort of signature — you can recognise that particular kind of star — it 's called a sephied [different] , and we know how bright that is and so we can use that to get distances to nearby galaxies .

Well , we 're getting them to go for a hundred , which sounds a lot , but the ground 's quite variable so , you know , some of it is really good planting land and some of it is n't , so , you know , it 'll be up to the teams to go for as many as they can .
well , we 're getting them to go for a hundred , which sounds a lot , but the ground 's quite [different] so , you know , some of it is really good planting land and some of it is n't , so , you know , it 'll be up to the teams to go for as many as they can .

11.5 Variable stress
11.5 [different] stress

It could be said that someone analysing the function and distribution of tones in a tone language would be mainly occupied in examining utterances syllable by syllable , looking at each syllable as an independently variable item .
it could be said that someone analysing the function and distribution of tones in a tone language would be mainly occupied in examining utterances syllable by syllable , looking at each syllable as an independently [different] item .

The results of such experiments are usually very variable and difficult to interpret , not least because the range of acting talent in a randomly selected group is considerable .
the results of such experiments are usually very [different] and difficult to interpret , not least because the range of acting talent in a randomly selected group is considerable .

If we accept the importance of these factors it becomes necessary to consider how they are related to intonation , and what intonation itself consists of . We can isolate three distinct types of suprasegmental variable :
if we accept the importance of these factors it becomes necessary to consider how they are related to intonation , and what intonation itself consists of . we can isolate three distinct types of suprasegmental [different] :

The cost of moving a 22-tonne load by road worked out at roughly 95p per mile , of which 60p were fixed costs and 35p variable costs .
the cost of moving a 22-tonne load by road worked out at roughly 95p per mile , of which 60p were fixed costs and 35p [different] costs .

Using rail , the train journey cost per mile worked out at £10.60 , of which only £2 was fixed cost — mainly provision of a locomotive and driver — and £8.60 was variable cost such as track maintenance , fuel and depreciation .
using rail , the train journey cost per mile worked out at £10.60 , of which only £2 was fixed cost — mainly provision of a locomotive and driver — and £8.60 was [different] cost such as track maintenance , fuel and depreciation .

‘ If you look at the rail figures , they are nearly all variable .
‘ if you look at the rail figures , they are nearly all [different] .

‘ Variable pricing will not allow the driver to know his costs before his journey . ’
‘ [different] pricing will not allow the driver to know his costs before his journey . ’

The targets are fairly easy football fanatics , foreigners , train spotters and sex and the scoring rate is variable .
the targets are fairly easy football fanatics , foreigners , train spotters and sex and the scoring rate is [different] .

Friedman includes this variable because human wealth is so illiquid .
friedman includes this [different] because human wealth is so illiquid .

So an interest rate increase directly stimulates saving and reduces real expenditure , particularly of those people with variable interest rate obligations ( such as households with mortgage loans , overdrafts or other loan commitments ) .
so an interest rate increase directly stimulates saving and reduces real expenditure , particularly of those people with [different] interest rate obligations ( such as households with mortgage loans , overdrafts or other loan commitments ) .

This is thanks to work by a corrective action team set up in January last year to investigate high and variable losses of caustic soda to the drain .
this is thanks to work by a corrective action team set up in january last year to investigate high and [different] losses of caustic soda to the drain .

In variable resistors of the decade box type of construction , the varying capacitance and possibly inductance of the switching mechanism can be a nuisance .
in [different] resistors of the decade box type of construction , the varying capacitance and possibly inductance of the switching mechanism can be a nuisance .

The bridge arrangement depicted in figure 7.7 ( a ) and attributed to Maxwell allows the inductance of an inductor to be measured in terms of the capacitance of a calibrated variable capacitor and the resistances of two fixed resistors .
the bridge arrangement depicted in figure 7.7 ( a ) and attributed to maxwell allows the inductance of an inductor to be measured in terms of the capacitance of a calibrated [different] capacitor and the resistances of two fixed resistors .

It is more convenient to balance a bridge by adjustment of a calibrated variable resistor than by adjustment of a calibrated variable capacitor .
it is more convenient to balance a bridge by adjustment of a calibrated [different] resistor than by adjustment of a calibrated [different] capacitor .

Owen 's bridge , which is shown in figure 7.7 ( b ) and is balanced by means of two variable resistors , is therefore very attractive for determining inductance .
owen 's bridge , which is shown in figure 7.7 ( b ) and is balanced by means of two [different] resistors , is therefore very attractive for determining inductance .

Many practical situations require the introduction of a variable phase shift , ideally with no attenuation but at least with fixed attenuation .
many practical situations require the introduction of a [different] phase shift , ideally with no attenuation but at least with fixed attenuation .

8.12 ( a ) Network that introduces a variable phase shift but preserves a constant output amplitude and ( b ) its analysis by a phasor diagram .
8.12 ( a ) network that introduces a [different] phase shift but preserves a constant output amplitude and ( b ) its analysis by a phasor diagram .

Additional features are a number-coded locking device , a variable depth feature which allows the briefcase to be expanded from its usual 3½ inches to 5½ inches , individual gilt initialling on each briefcase , an ink-resistant interior compartment for pens , and three pockets inside the lid to take different sized papers/documents .
additional features are a number-coded locking device , a [different] depth feature which allows the briefcase to be expanded from its usual 3½ inches to 5½ inches , individual gilt initialling on each briefcase , an ink-resistant interior compartment for pens , and three pockets inside the lid to take different sized papers/documents .

This work showed clearly that high or variable caustic concentration affects the type and size of salt crystals , which in turn affects the solid/liquid separation efficiency in the centrifuges .
this work showed clearly that high or [different] caustic concentration affects the type and size of salt crystals , which in turn affects the solid/liquid separation efficiency in the centrifuges .

Oh its variable .
oh its [different] .

Variable compression is offered to help control the sound at any given level , and this is augmented by a selectable ten-band graphic equaliser which governs a frequency range of 30Hz to 8KHz .
[different] compression is offered to help control the sound at any given level , and this is augmented by a selectable ten-band graphic equaliser which governs a frequency range of 30hz to 8khz .

Flavour that with heavily bunkered fairways , hard greens defended by miserly bunkers , swales and a variable breeze and you 'll appreciate that carding pars here is the devil 's work and birdies are virtually non-existent .
flavour that with heavily bunkered fairways , hard greens defended by miserly bunkers , swales and a [different] breeze and you 'll appreciate that carding pars here is the devil 's work and birdies are virtually non-existent .

The Behringer is the panacea for my guitar-induced headaches , and it 's sensitive enough to take care of the variable pick velocities in the average full-tilt rock solo .
the behringer is the panacea for my guitar-induced headaches , and it 's sensitive enough to take care of the [different] pick velocities in the average full-tilt rock solo .

Broad-leaved variegated herbaceous plants are more variable in their desirability .
broad-leaved variegated herbaceous plants are more [different] in their desirability .

Bellows work in a similar sort of way but provide a continuously variable separation between camera and lens , hence allowing greater flexibility in approaching one 's subject , but are of course more expensive .
bellows work in a similar sort of way but provide a continuously [different] separation between camera and lens , hence allowing greater flexibility in approaching one 's subject , but are of course more expensive .

We also revisit Mark Stuart 's popular Variable Bench Power Supply and offer a timely warning concerning the purchase of electrolytic capacitors .
we also revisit mark stuart 's popular [different] bench power supply and offer a timely warning concerning the purchase of electrolytic capacitors .

Mark Stuart 's Variable Bench Power Supply was featured in the February 1988 issue of Everyday Electronics .
mark stuart 's [different] bench power supply was featured in the february 1988 issue of everyday electronics .

It was with the onset of a more variable temperature , and the beginning of climatic zones , in the late Paleozoic , that gave rise to vertebrates attempting to employ primitive temperature-control strategies .
it was with the onset of a more [different] temperature , and the beginning of climatic zones , in the late paleozoic , that gave rise to vertebrates attempting to employ primitive temperature-control strategies .

One or two other manufacturers have opted for a similar idea to this , where the knob sweeps through an infinitely variable range of tones , from soft and middley to bass and treble-heavy ‘ crunch ’ .
one or two other manufacturers have opted for a similar idea to this , where the knob sweeps through an infinitely [different] range of tones , from soft and middley to bass and treble-heavy ‘ crunch ’ .

The set part of the sentence should be about the same length as the variable part which is used to finish it .
the set part of the sentence should be about the same length as the [different] part which is used to finish it .

Hence , instead of introducing an additional variable resistance in series with the meter ( and consequently suffering impaired linearity ) , our capacitance range adapter is calibrated by adjusting the frequency of the square wave source !
hence , instead of introducing an additional [different] resistance in series with the meter ( and consequently suffering impaired linearity ) , our capacitance range adapter is calibrated by adjusting the frequency of the square wave source !

The advantage of using a switch which is either completely off or completely on over any form of variable resistance as in linear supplies , is that no power is dissipated in this sort of control element , whatever the load requirements are or whatever the voltage developed across the switch happens to be .
the advantage of using a switch which is either completely off or completely on over any form of [different] resistance as in linear supplies , is that no power is dissipated in this sort of control element , whatever the load requirements are or whatever the voltage developed across the switch happens to be .

It is possible to use variable frequency regulation in which the on time is fixed and regulation is achieved by increasing or decreasing the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .
it is possible to use [different] frequency regulation in which the on time is fixed and regulation is achieved by increasing or decreasing the switching frequency , but such systems lead to difficult filtering problems .

If the variable duty cycle waveform is applied to act as the control parameter of the switching regulator of Fig. 4 , then the voltage will be controllable over a wide range and provide an adjustable and stabilised output .
if the [different] duty cycle waveform is applied to act as the control parameter of the switching regulator of fig. 4 , then the voltage will be controllable over a wide range and provide an adjustable and stabilised output .

( see Fig 3 ) to both generate the variable pulse width signals for the servos and decode commands from the host computer .
( see fig 3 ) to both generate the [different] pulse width signals for the servos and decode commands from the host computer .

It is high time the variable quality of international referees and the anomalies that abound in interpretation were sorted out by an International Board Survey .
it is high time the [different] quality of international referees and the anomalies that abound in interpretation were sorted out by an international board survey .

The arrays hold a variable number of pointers , and any unused ones are set to null .
the arrays hold a [different] number of pointers , and any unused ones are set to null .

an n-ary tree where n is variable between 0 and 26 ) , for example typical routes from ‘ z ’ would be ‘ e ’ , ‘ i ’ and ‘ o ’ .
an n-ary tree where n is [different] between 0 and 26 ) , for example typical routes from ‘ z ’ would be ‘ e ’ , ‘ i ’ and ‘ o ’ .

Each node also has one pointer which if used , points to a variable length array of pointers to nodes ( each node is 32 bits + 1 pointer ) , so from the above example , there would be 10 elements in the array because 10 out of 26 bits are set .
each node also has one pointer which if used , points to a [different] length array of pointers to nodes ( each node is 32 bits + 1 pointer ) , so from the above example , there would be 10 elements in the array because 10 out of 26 bits are set .

The power was still variable , but it was a start .
the power was still [different] , but it was a start .

The Atlantic has a cooling effect on Champagne 's summers and makes the seasons generally more variable .
the atlantic has a cooling effect on champagne 's summers and makes the seasons generally more [different] .

The critical variable is speed , because so many of the environmental and safety improvements are dependent upon it .
the critical [different] is speed , because so many of the environmental and safety improvements are dependent upon it .

It became increasingly questionable whether New Zealand did a gain a big advantage by being able to insert England , for when the early sideways movement died down , it was replaced not be a comfortable batting surface but by increasingly variable bounce .
it became increasingly questionable whether new zealand did a gain a big advantage by being able to insert england , for when the early sideways movement died down , it was replaced not be a comfortable batting surface but by increasingly [different] bounce .

Gordon Kirk 's chapter ( 1.1 ) points to the variable controls over the curriculum from the centre that marked earlier historical periods ; the post-war tradition that curriculum matters were largely the subject of professional decision-making and the gradual reassertion of central influence and control over the curriculum since the mid-1970s .
gordon kirk 's chapter ( 1.1 ) points to the [different] controls over the curriculum from the centre that marked earlier historical periods ; the post-war tradition that curriculum matters were largely the subject of professional decision-making and the gradual reassertion of central influence and control over the curriculum since the mid-1970s .

So many , so arbitrary , so variable have these definitions been , she claims , that they provide no basis at all for deciding which children need special education nor for explaining the growth of special education .
so many , so arbitrary , so [different] have these definitions been , she claims , that they provide no basis at all for deciding which children need special education nor for explaining the growth of special education .

Has mastered ideas of variable and one-to-one correspondence ; not yet clear about functions ; gets confused with problems of proportions ; still has difficulty in structuring verbal problems ( lack of grammatical understanding ? )
has mastered ideas of [different] and one-to-one correspondence ; not yet clear about functions ; gets confused with problems of proportions ; still has difficulty in structuring verbal problems ( lack of grammatical understanding ? )

, 1983 ) looked at 1255 step-families applying to adopt from the step-family population of 6150 in 1980 , and identified a major problem of variable treatment by courts of step-families seeking adoption .
, 1983 ) looked at 1255 step-families applying to adopt from the step-family population of 6150 in 1980 , and identified a major problem of [different] treatment by courts of step-families seeking adoption .

First , they used variable and often vague definitions of abuse , so that in many cases it was not clear that they were dealing with established cases of abuse .
first , they used [different] and often vague definitions of abuse , so that in many cases it was not clear that they were dealing with established cases of abuse .

Each shot causes a variable number of hits as described below .
each shot causes a [different] number of hits as described below .

Both glans and prepuce are covered by stratified squamous epithelium , and separation occurs at a variable time from before birth to several years afterwards by desquamation .
both glans and prepuce are covered by stratified squamous epithelium , and separation occurs at a [different] time from before birth to several years afterwards by desquamation .

The addition of subjects with missing data could , however , have changed the picture and made ethnicity a significant variable .
the addition of subjects with missing data could , however , have changed the picture and made ethnicity a significant [different] .

If being Maori were a significant variable this might arise because of an inherent effect of being Maori or because there are other confounding variables that have not been considered that could explain the difference between Maori and non-Maori children .
if being maori were a significant [different] this might arise because of an inherent effect of being maori or because there are other confounding variables that have not been considered that could explain the difference between maori and non-maori children .

Most of the Bangladeshi men worked in restaurants , so their working hours were more variable .
most of the bangladeshi men worked in restaurants , so their working hours were more [different] .

Furthermore , the individuals gradually become knowledgeable over the entire spectrum of aviation to the extent that when they are confronted with something new and different , like hot air balloons or hang gliders , or , at the other end of the scale , vectored thrust and variable geometry ( swing-wing ) aircraft , they are not thrown off balance on the first encounter with something different .
furthermore , the individuals gradually become knowledgeable over the entire spectrum of aviation to the extent that when they are confronted with something new and different , like hot air balloons or hang gliders , or , at the other end of the scale , vectored thrust and [different] geometry ( swing-wing ) aircraft , they are not thrown off balance on the first encounter with something different .

Sometimes the investigator is able to identify other features which have hitherto been overlooked — among these is the unreliability and the widely variable reactions of human beings to a given set of circumstances .
sometimes the investigator is able to identify other features which have hitherto been overlooked — among these is the unreliability and the widely [different] reactions of human beings to a given set of circumstances .

It offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per variable and provides waveform display and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate applications .
it offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per [different] and provides waveform display and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate applications .

Less expected , perhaps , are details like variable lumbar support and a footrest .
less expected , perhaps , are details like [different] lumbar support and a footrest .

Additional features include : combination lasting for forefoot flexibility and rearfoot control ; variable lacing for a customised fit and a notched achilles heel tab .
additional features include : combination lasting for forefoot flexibility and rearfoot control ; [different] lacing for a customised fit and a notched achilles heel tab .

Secondly , the estimates are based on reported abuse , which is dependent on the highly variable practices of agencies and practitioners .
secondly , the estimates are based on reported abuse , which is dependent on the highly [different] practices of agencies and practitioners .

The attitude of employers to domestic responsibilities is of considerable importance and highly variable .
the attitude of employers to domestic responsibilities is of considerable importance and highly [different] .

The extent to which , in informal care , it is acceptable for men to care for women in relation to more intimate tasks is variable and seems that gender taboos are less likely to apply when a man is caring for his wife , than , say , a son for his mother .
the extent to which , in informal care , it is acceptable for men to care for women in relation to more intimate tasks is [different] and seems that gender taboos are less likely to apply when a man is caring for his wife , than , say , a son for his mother .

The nature of the relationship between the two sectors is also extremely variable at local level .
the nature of the relationship between the two sectors is also extremely [different] at local level .

( James , Marshall and Millett 1984 , p. 184 ) The writers view the evidence in terms of an early medieval building tradition which has not been apparent until recently because of the variable quality of the surviving evidence .
( james , marshall and millett 1984 , p. 184 ) the writers view the evidence in terms of an early medieval building tradition which has not been apparent until recently because of the [different] quality of the surviving evidence .

The great majority are riverbank sites , and there is no clear difference between early and middle Saxon sites in terms of this variable ( Figure 2.11 ) .
the great majority are riverbank sites , and there is no clear difference between early and middle saxon sites in terms of this [different] ( figure 2.11 ) .

Model helicopters can be obtained in two forms — those with variable pitch rotor blades and those with fixed pitch blades .
model helicopters can be obtained in two forms — those with [different] pitch rotor blades and those with fixed pitch blades .

Tail rotor trim is variable and depends on many factors which are discussed elsewhere .
tail rotor trim is [different] and depends on many factors which are discussed elsewhere .

Normally , the rate switches will be set in the ‘ low ’ position and , if variable gyro sensitivity is available , this will be set in the ‘ high ’ position .
normally , the rate switches will be set in the ‘ low ’ position and , if [different] gyro sensitivity is available , this will be set in the ‘ high ’ position .

Throughout the day Axis reconnaissance aircraft searched for the convoy in variable visibility , Beaufighters from Malta continuing to provide cover and frequently heard making reports but experiencing difficulty in maintaining contact .
throughout the day axis reconnaissance aircraft searched for the convoy in [different] visibility , beaufighters from malta continuing to provide cover and frequently heard making reports but experiencing difficulty in maintaining contact .

To remove an inequality constraint is straightforward if the slack variable for that constraint is basic ; we just drop the corresponding row from the tableau .
to remove an inequality constraint is straightforward if the slack [different] for that constraint is basic ; we just drop the corresponding row from the tableau .

If the slack variable is non-basic , we can pivot to make it basic and then drop the corresponding row .
if the slack [different] is non-basic , we can pivot to make it basic and then drop the corresponding row .

In our examples only one variable contained the parameter θ .
in our examples only one [different] contained the parameter θ .

One type of constraint , which occurs frequently enough to merit special consideration , is an upper bound on an individual variable .
one type of constraint , which occurs frequently enough to merit special consideration , is an upper bound on an individual [different] .

When upper and lower bounds are imposed on the same variable it is important to note that means .
when upper and lower bounds are imposed on the same [different] it is important to note that means .

is a forward variable and t is a reverse variable ;
is a forward [different] and t is a reverse [different] ;

is a reverse variable and is a forward variable ;
is a reverse [different] and is a forward [different] ;

The new variable values become for forward x i j , for reverse x i j and remain at for the remaining variables .
the new [different] values become for forward x i j , for reverse x i j and remain at for the remaining variables .

The requirement that no variable should exceed its upper bound or become negative leads to the results above .
the requirement that no [different] should exceed its upper bound or become negative leads to the results above .

While some basic variables remain infeasible , the rule for selection of the variable to leave the basis needs modification .
while some basic variables remain infeasible , the rule for selection of the [different] to leave the basis needs modification .

We will therefore examine how bounds can be placed on the change in objective function value when a variable is chosen for branching .
we will therefore examine how bounds can be placed on the change in objective function value when a [different] is chosen for branching .

We first recall that new nodes are created by choosing a basic structural variable x r in row i of the optimal tableau of LPk which has a value that is not integral .
we first recall that new nodes are created by choosing a basic structural [different] x r in row i of the optimal tableau of lpk which has a value that is not integral .

Firstly , to choose which variable to branch on .
firstly , to choose which [different] to branch on .

In this context penalties are implicitly treated as if they gave the exact decrease in objective function when a variable is branched on ( as opposed to just a bound ) .
in this context penalties are implicitly treated as if they gave the exact decrease in objective function when a [different] is branched on ( as opposed to just a bound ) .

The use of penalties to choose the bounding variable is motivated by two considerations .
the use of penalties to choose the bounding [different] is motivated by two considerations .

An empirical rule based on these observations is to branch on the basic structural variable x r with largest penalty ( either up or down ) .
an empirical rule based on these observations is to branch on the basic structural [different] x r with largest penalty ( either up or down ) .

It may happen that the optimal tableau of LPk for some k has for all in a row i containing a structural variable x r and is not integral .
it may happen that the optimal tableau of lpk for some k has for all in a row i containing a structural [different] x r and is not integral .

When a choice of branching variable is necessary we can choose the variable which leads to a node having the largest assigned value .
when a choice of branching [different] is necessary we can choose the [different] which leads to a node having the largest assigned value .

This means choosing the variable with smallest penalty ( either up or down ) .
this means choosing the [different] with smallest penalty ( either up or down ) .

When the branching variable is selected , a high priority variable is preferred to one of low priority .
when the branching [different] is selected , a high priority [different] is preferred to one of low priority .

The justification for selecting the variable with the largest penalty implicitly assumed that the penalty gave a useful estimate of the decrease in objective function value and not just a bound .
the justification for selecting the [different] with the largest penalty implicitly assumed that the penalty gave a useful estimate of the decrease in objective function value and not just a bound .

Hence , branching on leads to a reduction of at least and selecting the variable which maximises ( 11.1 ) has proved a successful branching rule .
hence , branching on leads to a reduction of at least and selecting the [different] which maximises ( 11.1 ) has proved a successful branching rule .

If we make the ( unrealistic ) assumption that , in driving some variables to integer values , the other variable values do not change much , we can estimate the optimal objective function value of the integer down-problem created by branching on at node k to be where z k is the optimal objective function value of LPk .
if we make the ( unrealistic ) assumption that , in driving some variables to integer values , the other [different] values do not change much , we can estimate the optimal objective function value of the integer down-problem created by branching on at node k to be where z k is the optimal objective function value of lpk .

Presentation varies greatly , from an almost exclusively sensory form to a predominantly motor form , and it has been described as ‘ a variable constellation of signs of an acute peripheral neuropathy ’ .
presentation varies greatly , from an almost exclusively sensory form to a predominantly motor form , and it has been described as ‘ a [different] constellation of signs of an acute peripheral neuropathy ’ .

This is variable .
this is [different] .

His four broad categories he labelled : hand control ; mechanical control ; variable control , signal response ; and variable control , action response .
his four broad categories he labelled : hand control ; mechanical control ; [different] control , signal response ; and [different] control , action response .

It comes in 92,104 , and 137cm ( 36,41 and 54in ) widths as standard at many kite supply shops , and at variable prices .
it comes in 92,104 , and 137cm ( 36,41 and 54in ) widths as standard at many kite supply shops , and at [different] prices .

Use of more than one line to steer a kite dates back as far as the 1820s when George Peacock pioneered use of kites for traction of carriages and a boat.He utilised variable tension on two lines to elevate or depress peg-top kites successfully enough to transport as many as 16 lads to a cricket match , including his grandson , W.G.Grace the famous cricketer .
use of more than one line to steer a kite dates back as far as the 1820s when george peacock pioneered use of kites for traction of carriages and a boat.he utilised [different] tension on two lines to elevate or depress peg-top kites successfully enough to transport as many as 16 lads to a cricket match , including his grandson , w.g.grace the famous cricketer .

Use the gentler heat if your dryer has variable adjustments .
use the gentler heat if your dryer has [different] adjustments .

She works a variable 8 hour day ( normally on a split shift basis ) and receives £87.50 per week .
she works a [different] 8 hour day ( normally on a split shift basis ) and receives £87.50 per week .

The control group is one in which as many characteristics as possible are ‘ matched ’ with the known characteristics of the group under study — except , that is , for the variable or characteristic in which we are interested .
the control group is one in which as many characteristics as possible are ‘ matched ’ with the known characteristics of the group under study — except , that is , for the [different] or characteristic in which we are interested .

They must remain ‘ methodologically agnostic ’ about non-empirical happenings ; neither God , the Holy Spirit nor Satan can be called upon as an independent variable in a sociological explanation .
they must remain ‘ methodologically agnostic ’ about non-empirical happenings ; neither god , the holy spirit nor satan can be called upon as an independent [different] in a sociological explanation .

Furthermore , not all youth training leads to jobs and the quality of training is very variable .
furthermore , not all youth training leads to jobs and the quality of training is very [different] .

Psychology studies the individual subject by isolating one variable at a time , measuring how it varies across different conditions , and controlling all other variables .
psychology studies the individual subject by isolating one [different] at a time , measuring how it varies across different conditions , and controlling all other variables .

It is changing the traditional , biological idea of these differences , to a more variable concept of ‘ sex-related ’ ( Caplan et al .
it is changing the traditional , biological idea of these differences , to a more [different] concept of ‘ sex-related ’ ( caplan et al .

Homer does not seem to recognize that fear of success is not just a psychological variable , but also a realistic assessment of the dangers facing successful western women ( Condry and Dyer 1976 ) .
homer does not seem to recognize that fear of success is not just a psychological [different] , but also a realistic assessment of the dangers facing successful western women ( condry and dyer 1976 ) .

Unger ( 1979 ) describes the learning of gender roles as proceeding under a complex and variable reinforcement schedule .
unger ( 1979 ) describes the learning of gender roles as proceeding under a complex and [different] reinforcement schedule .

Unger also draws on Grady 's idea of psychological ‘ sex ’ as both a stimulus variable , producing sharply different expectations of women and men , and an intrinsic subject characteristic .
unger also draws on grady 's idea of psychological ‘ sex ’ as both a stimulus [different] , producing sharply different expectations of women and men , and an intrinsic subject characteristic .

Some feminist psychologists analyse the negative social expectations associated with different ages , but age is also usually considered as a straightforward , strictly biological variable .
some feminist psychologists analyse the negative social expectations associated with different ages , but age is also usually considered as a straightforward , strictly biological [different] .

Unger , although she emphasizes that sex is a stimulus as well as a subject variable , puts both these into the service of a ‘ cognitive perception framework ’ ( 1983 : viii ) .
unger , although she emphasizes that sex is a stimulus as well as a subject [different] , puts both these into the service of a ‘ cognitive perception framework ’ ( 1983 : viii ) .

Many feminists adopt more variable programmes , which combine analysis of discourses , with an address to the unconscious .
many feminists adopt more [different] programmes , which combine analysis of discourses , with an address to the unconscious .

The strength can be variable depending on the source , and it is therefore wise not to risk damage by exceeding a maximum rate of 4 ounces ( 113 g ) per square yard ( square metre ) .
the strength can be [different] depending on the source , and it is therefore wise not to risk damage by exceeding a maximum rate of 4 ounces ( 113 g ) per square yard ( square metre ) .

Farmyard , horse , cow , pig , sheep , goat , poultry and similar ‘ raw ’ manures are all very variable because they must depend upon the food intake of the animals concerned , and the age of the manure — the time it has been stacked for nitrogenous urine to have drained out or been decomposed .
farmyard , horse , cow , pig , sheep , goat , poultry and similar ‘ raw ’ manures are all very [different] because they must depend upon the food intake of the animals concerned , and the age of the manure — the time it has been stacked for nitrogenous urine to have drained out or been decomposed .

The effectiveness usually lasts for some weeks , but is variable , depending largely on the amount of new growth being produced , and therefore the rate at which the toxic content is being diluted , and the speed of living — called the metabolic rate — which affects the rate at which the plant is able to break down and divest itself of what after all is a ‘ foreign body ’ .
the effectiveness usually lasts for some weeks , but is [different] , depending largely on the amount of new growth being produced , and therefore the rate at which the toxic content is being diluted , and the speed of living — called the metabolic rate — which affects the rate at which the plant is able to break down and divest itself of what after all is a ‘ foreign body ’ .

The variable that is controlled by the experimenter is called the ‘ independent variable ’ , and anything that varies as a result of this is called a ‘ dependent variable ’ .
the [different] that is controlled by the experimenter is called the ‘ independent [different] ’ , and anything that varies as a result of this is called a ‘ dependent [different] ’ .

For example , the amount of fresh air for the cows might be the independent variable , and the milk yield would be the dependent variable .
for example , the amount of fresh air for the cows might be the independent [different] , and the milk yield would be the dependent [different] .

The physical presence of the supervisor was also found to be an important independent variable .
the physical presence of the supervisor was also found to be an important independent [different] .

This was the independent variable , manipulated by the experimenters , and the dependent variable to be studied was the effect that these roles would have on the behaviour of the volunteers .
this was the independent [different] , manipulated by the experimenters , and the dependent [different] to be studied was the effect that these roles would have on the behaviour of the volunteers .

It was the fact of the experiment that was the important independent variable , not the ones that Mayo was working with .
it was the fact of the experiment that was the important independent [different] , not the ones that mayo was working with .

As part of his investigation into the extent of racial disadvantage in Britain , Smith set up an experiment in which the independent variable was race and the dependent variable was the success or otherwise of applications for a broad range of jobs .
as part of his investigation into the extent of racial disadvantage in britain , smith set up an experiment in which the independent [different] was race and the dependent [different] was the success or otherwise of applications for a broad range of jobs .

Comparison can also be important when the researcher is trying to establish what is not an independent variable .
comparison can also be important when the researcher is trying to establish what is not an independent [different] .

Only when she had this data could she say with any confidence whether people who were converted into the Unification Church ( the dependent variable ) were different in any systematic ways from the rest of the population .
only when she had this data could she say with any confidence whether people who were converted into the unification church ( the dependent [different] ) were different in any systematic ways from the rest of the population .

Thus Weber claimed to show that Calvinism was the independent variable that was present in Europe and absent in China and India , and was one of the important causes of the appearance of the dependent variable of capitalism .
thus weber claimed to show that calvinism was the independent [different] that was present in europe and absent in china and india , and was one of the important causes of the appearance of the dependent [different] of capitalism .

The saving throws for troops is not given on their profile because this is variable depending on the armour they wear .
the saving throws for troops is not given on their profile because this is [different] depending on the armour they wear .

An additional variable is needed to account for the variation between the firms in the extent to which clients ' chosen outcomes were retained or transformed .
an additional [different] is needed to account for the variation between the firms in the extent to which clients ' chosen outcomes were retained or transformed .

Gozitan wine is cheap but just recently has been of variable quality .
gozitan wine is cheap but just recently has been of [different] quality .

The fly in effect assumes that the size and velocity of the target are always those corresponding to hoverflies , and on this rigid ( and fallible ) basis the creature determines its angle of turn , when initiating its flight , according to the variable approach angle subtended by the target .
the fly in effect assumes that the size and velocity of the target are always those corresponding to hoverflies , and on this rigid ( and fallible ) basis the creature determines its angle of turn , when initiating its flight , according to the [different] approach angle subtended by the target .

There are , first of all , historians who believe that the crucial variable must lie with the psychological characteristics of a comparatively small group of entrepreneurs , who instituted changes in the technology and organisation of industry : British entrepreneurs are held to have displayed a peculiar wit and resource in expanding and transforming production and distribution — a wit which is not itself subjected to scrutiny .
there are , first of all , historians who believe that the crucial [different] must lie with the psychological characteristics of a comparatively small group of entrepreneurs , who instituted changes in the technology and organisation of industry : british entrepreneurs are held to have displayed a peculiar wit and resource in expanding and transforming production and distribution — a wit which is not itself subjected to scrutiny .

We know that human social behaviour is extremely variable .
we know that human social behaviour is extremely [different] .

The relapse rate is a result of the inefficiencies in treatment rather than features associated with the child or background variable ( Young and Morgan 1973 ) .
the relapse rate is a result of the inefficiencies in treatment rather than features associated with the child or background [different] ( young and morgan 1973 ) .

With second-hand bricks you may have to accept variable quality .
with second-hand bricks you may have to accept [different] quality .

When replacements are nested , a particular instance of a context could lie within the scope of several context-tables : this is a similar situation to nested variable declarations in a block-structured programming language , and similar rules apply , i.e. the most closely encompassing declaration takes precedence .
when replacements are nested , a particular instance of a context could lie within the scope of several context-tables : this is a similar situation to nested [different] declarations in a block-structured programming language , and similar rules apply , i.e. the most closely encompassing declaration takes precedence .

Yes , a usable aim because on an objective and recordable variable .
yes , a usable aim because on an objective and recordable [different] .

Empiricism is a consistent and even dominant approach in the natural sciences while a much more contentious and variable approach in the social sciences .
empiricism is a consistent and even dominant approach in the natural sciences while a much more contentious and [different] approach in the social sciences .

The meaning of words is contextually variable , and depends partly on what the hearer takes the speaker to have intended in using it .
the meaning of words is contextually [different] , and depends partly on what the hearer takes the speaker to have intended in using it .

Pancreatic juice for example contains a high concentration of sodium ions , and variable concentrations of chloride and bicarbonate ions .
pancreatic juice for example contains a high concentration of sodium ions , and [different] concentrations of chloride and bicarbonate ions .

Of course , it is feasible that the Greeks were more sharp-sighted than we are , and certainly their skies were clearer ; but it is equally likely that Merope has dimmed a fair deal over the past few thousand years — in other words , that it is a variable star with a period of at least several thousand years .
of course , it is feasible that the greeks were more sharp-sighted than we are , and certainly their skies were clearer ; but it is equally likely that merope has dimmed a fair deal over the past few thousand years — in other words , that it is a [different] star with a period of at least several thousand years .

In fact the period seems somewhat variable , so that it makes more sense to talk of a 22-year cycle between one sunspot ‘ high ’ and , not the next , but the one after that .
in fact the period seems somewhat [different] , so that it makes more sense to talk of a 22-year cycle between one sunspot ‘ high ’ and , not the next , but the one after that .

Modern conditions have involved us in rivalry of armaments which is now a conscious struggle to achieve by expenditure and science , by diplomacy and alliances , a balance of power which always eludes us , and because it is always variable and unstable condemns us to a bloodless battle , a dry warfare of steel and gold .
modern conditions have involved us in rivalry of armaments which is now a conscious struggle to achieve by expenditure and science , by diplomacy and alliances , a balance of power which always eludes us , and because it is always [different] and unstable condemns us to a bloodless battle , a dry warfare of steel and gold .

The return will be variable , as building societies change the rates paid to investors .
the return will be [different] , as building societies change the rates paid to investors .

The selling division will make a profit , but the receiving division will regard all of the transfer price as a variable cost .
the selling division will make a profit , but the receiving division will regard all of the transfer price as a [different] cost .

Fixed costs and inter-divisional profit are thus transformed into variable costs .
fixed costs and inter-divisional profit are thus transformed into [different] costs .

If you do not know what the true variable costs are , how can you make correct decisions ?
if you do not know what the true [different] costs are , how can you make correct decisions ?

Variable cost/standard variable cost .
[different] cost/standard [different] cost .

As each transfer price embodies just the sum of variable costs so far , this method is good for decision making .
as each transfer price embodies just the sum of [different] costs so far , this method is good for decision making .

However , actual variable cost has the disadvantage that if the producer is inefficient , then the inefficiencies get passed up the line ; the divisions receiving the goods get lumbered .
however , actual [different] cost has the disadvantage that if the producer is inefficient , then the inefficiencies get passed up the line ; the divisions receiving the goods get lumbered .

Standard variable cost is better as any inefficiencies stay in the transferring division and the receiving division starts with a clean slate .
standard [different] cost is better as any inefficiencies stay in the transferring division and the receiving division starts with a clean slate .

Variable cost plus lump sum .
[different] cost plus lump sum .

On a day to day basis , goods are transferred at variable or standard variable cost .
on a day to day basis , goods are transferred at [different] or standard [different] cost .

This method hopes to get the best of both worlds : stocks are transferred at variable cost ( good for decision making ) , and profits can be made by each division ( good for motivation ) .
this method hopes to get the best of both worlds : stocks are transferred at [different] cost ( good for decision making ) , and profits can be made by each division ( good for motivation ) .

There might be plenty of profit for each division ( motivation ) but decisions could be poor as fixed costs and profit are mistaken for variable costs .
there might be plenty of profit for each division ( motivation ) but decisions could be poor as fixed costs and profit are mistaken for [different] costs .

Here , one transfer price ( usually representing cumulative variable costs ) is charged to the buying division , while another ( which will be high enough to allow profit ) is credited to the selling division .
here , one transfer price ( usually representing cumulative [different] costs ) is charged to the buying division , while another ( which will be high enough to allow profit ) is credited to the selling division .

Some form of coordination is needed to keep track of cumulative variable costs and to set transfer prices so that group profits are maximised .
some form of coordination is needed to keep track of cumulative [different] costs and to set transfer prices so that group profits are maximised .

Second , graphs of specific key financial variables are more likely to be included in the annual reports of companies with ‘ good ’ rather than ‘ bad ’ performance in terms of the specified variable .
second , graphs of specific key financial variables are more likely to be included in the annual reports of companies with ‘ good ’ rather than ‘ bad ’ performance in terms of the specified [different] .

In particular , there should be an absence of measurement distortion , which occurs where the representation of numbers , as physically measured on the surface of the graph , is not directly proportional to the numerical values of the variable being represented .
in particular , there should be an absence of measurement distortion , which occurs where the representation of numbers , as physically measured on the surface of the graph , is not directly proportional to the numerical values of the [different] being represented .

The three studies , taken together , are illustrative of the variable and uneven impact of social change in colonial Sri Lanka .
the three studies , taken together , are illustrative of the [different] and uneven impact of social change in colonial sri lanka .

At the beginning of the first year , the fixed rate was 13.25 % at a time when the variable rate was 15.25 % .
at the beginning of the first year , the fixed rate was 13.25 % at a time when the [different] rate was 15.25 % .

Each time , investors who chose the fixed rate have come out about 0.75 % to 1 % ahead of the variable rate account-holders .
each time , investors who chose the fixed rate have come out about 0.75 % to 1 % ahead of the [different] rate account-holders .

Mr Lindsey was predicting in early January that the majority of customers this year would probably opt for a variable rate , on the basis that they probably did not believe interest rates would drop very much further .
mr lindsey was predicting in early january that the majority of customers this year would probably opt for a [different] rate , on the basis that they probably did not believe interest rates would drop very much further .

Variable Width
[different] width

Available either as different width fittings , such as with New Balance , or more often with variable lacing patterns .
available either as different width fittings , such as with new balance , or more often with [different] lacing patterns .

Manufacturers ' sizing is variable .
manufacturers ' sizing is [different] .

‘ Time-lapse ’ , as its name suggests , makes possible recording in bursts of a few frames at variable time intervals so that subjects such as the movement of clouds or the budding of flowers can be studied in speeded-up replay .
‘ time-lapse ’ , as its name suggests , makes possible recording in bursts of a few frames at [different] time intervals so that subjects such as the movement of clouds or the budding of flowers can be studied in speeded-up replay .

The variable rate of the Investment Account fell to 6.25 % a year ( v 7.25 % ) on 26 November 1992 .
the [different] rate of the investment account fell to 6.25 % a year ( v 7.25 % ) on 26 november 1992 .

The variable rate on Income Bonds is 7 % a year ( v 8 % ) from 26 December 1992 .
the [different] rate on income bonds is 7 % a year ( v 8 % ) from 26 december 1992 .

Thereafter , the rate is guaranteed to be at least 1.5 % higher than the gross variable rate payable on the £5,000 Sovereign Shares Account .
thereafter , the rate is guaranteed to be at least 1.5 % higher than the gross [different] rate payable on the £5,000 sovereign shares account .

Respondents estimated an uncharged fixed cost per audit of £200 arising from compliance with audit regulation , and a variable cost of £100 per £100,000 of company turnover ( lower than the £175 estimated last year ) .
respondents estimated an uncharged fixed cost per audit of £200 arising from compliance with audit regulation , and a [different] cost of £100 per £100,000 of company turnover ( lower than the £175 estimated last year ) .

the interest rate exposure , ie whether the interest expense should be fixed , variable or some more complex combination of features ;
the interest rate exposure , ie whether the interest expense should be fixed , [different] or some more complex combination of features ;

As an example , assume that a credit rated business currently borrowing , say , up to £100m in the short-term variable rate markets decides simultaneously to lengthen the maturity and fix its interest rate exposure .
as an example , assume that a credit rated business currently borrowing , say , up to £100m in the short-term [different] rate markets decides simultaneously to lengthen the maturity and fix its interest rate exposure .

At Halifax International ( Jersey ) ( 0534 59840 ) you can choose between fixed and variable rate sterling deposit accounts .
at halifax international ( jersey ) ( 0534 59840 ) you can choose between fixed and [different] rate sterling deposit accounts .

The situation here is a familiar one in anthropology : the recognition of degrees of commonality of attitude and belief which provides for the variable definition of what constitutes cultural boundaries .
the situation here is a familiar one in anthropology : the recognition of degrees of commonality of attitude and belief which provides for the [different] definition of what constitutes cultural boundaries .

Devices are available too for giving variable prominence to one or other of the participants in the process to identify it as the topic .
devices are available too for giving [different] prominence to one or other of the participants in the process to identify it as the topic .

No evidence for variable duration of sympatry between the great spotted cuckoo and its magpie host
no evidence for [different] duration of sympatry between the great spotted cuckoo and its magpie host

The level of plasma angiotensin-converting enzyme is stable in an individual but is highly variable between individuals .
the level of plasma angiotensin-converting enzyme is stable in an individual but is highly [different] between individuals .

They comprise a number of families with widely differing life histories and differing extents of sexual dimorphism , which can be highly variable even within a single species .
they comprise a number of families with widely differing life histories and differing extents of sexual dimorphism , which can be highly [different] even within a single species .

2 ) , demonstrating that the critical variable was the location of the dividing contour in relation to the green figure , rather than in relation to the patient or to the display as a whole .
2 ) , demonstrating that the critical [different] was the location of the dividing contour in relation to the green figure , rather than in relation to the patient or to the display as a whole .

These results were unexpected , because several studies have shown seasonal variation in forest ecosystem fine root biomass turnover , which is often believed to reflect variable root mortality rates .
these results were unexpected , because several studies have shown seasonal variation in forest ecosystem fine root biomass turnover , which is often believed to reflect [different] root mortality rates .

But in the conodonts examined so far the crystalline structure within this layer is very variable .
but in the conodonts examined so far the crystalline structure within this layer is very [different] .

Fossils also show that the structure of the nasohypophysial region is considerably variable and more complicated than the Recent animals might suggest .
fossils also show that the structure of the nasohypophysial region is considerably [different] and more complicated than the recent animals might suggest .

The rate of ageing is highly variable .
the rate of ageing is highly [different] .

At least in Drosophila , ageing is in general genetically variable and polygenic .
at least in drosophila , ageing is in general genetically [different] and polygenic .

These are variable payments based on the cost of each office visit and each stay in hospital .
these are [different] payments based on the cost of each office visit and each stay in hospital .

‘ Variable geometry ’ ( or Europe à la carte ) may keep everyone content .
‘ [different] geometry ’ ( or europe à la carte ) may keep everyone content .

Most men seemed to find both the quantity and the variety quite acceptable and to recognize that , with a large institution and central kitchens , the variable quality was only to be expected .
most men seemed to find both the quantity and the variety quite acceptable and to recognize that , with a large institution and central kitchens , the [different] quality was only to be expected .

As Jeffery points out , this meant that the legal category was unacceptable since it was too obviously variable over different time periods and between different societies .
as jeffery points out , this meant that the legal category was unacceptable since it was too obviously [different] over different time periods and between different societies .

In the work of Bottomley and Coleman ( 1981 ) criminal statistics are so much a function of highly variable administrative practices that they seem almost incapable of telling us anything about anything .
in the work of bottomley and coleman ( 1981 ) criminal statistics are so much a function of highly [different] administrative practices that they seem almost incapable of telling us anything about anything .

This applies regardless of the content of criminal definitions which , for interactionists , are highly variable .
this applies regardless of the content of criminal definitions which , for interactionists , are highly [different] .

Both of these sets of expectations are variable , over different time-periods and in the different social settings in which we find ourselves .
both of these sets of expectations are [different] , over different time-periods and in the different social settings in which we find ourselves .

So for the time being it would be prudent to treat money as a major variable in our relationship with crime and conformity .
so for the time being it would be prudent to treat money as a major [different] in our relationship with crime and conformity .

What may be included in the term ‘ mass media ’ is thus not a precisely defined set of products and technologies , but a rather loose and variable collection .
what may be included in the term ‘ mass media ’ is thus not a precisely defined set of products and technologies , but a rather loose and [different] collection .

As he shows , ‘ the presence of the sacred ( and the performance of appropriate rites ) is variable .
as he shows , ‘ the presence of the sacred ( and the performance of appropriate rites ) is [different] .

Paneth 's scientific background had trained him to note every aspect of every exposure , every detail of the development procedure and the effect which every variable had on his results .
paneth 's scientific background had trained him to note every aspect of every exposure , every detail of the development procedure and the effect which every [different] had on his results .

Although it was policy for all children to be welcome in council provision , in reality this was highly variable .
although it was policy for all children to be welcome in council provision , in reality this was highly [different] .

Some people get back pain , some get irritable , some withdraw , some become frantic and panicky , some assume a calm , out-of-touch-with-reality veneer , some spend all their time moaning about what 's wrong … Everyone has their own variable limits and their own characteristic ‘ stress portfolio ’ .
some people get back pain , some get irritable , some withdraw , some become frantic and panicky , some assume a calm , out-of-touch-with-reality veneer , some spend all their time moaning about what 's wrong … everyone has their own [different] limits and their own characteristic ‘ stress portfolio ’ .

The quality of items is decidedly variable and the author 's aim is clearly not to draw our attention to this , but this is an interesting book both for the illustrations and for the details of the private lives of the collectors featured .
the quality of items is decidedly [different] and the author 's aim is clearly not to draw our attention to this , but this is an interesting book both for the illustrations and for the details of the private lives of the collectors featured .

It appears that severity of illness or disability is likely to have been a critical variable , and in cases of severe disability , health would have been an overriding consideration .
it appears that severity of illness or disability is likely to have been a critical [different] , and in cases of severe disability , health would have been an overriding consideration .

‘ Millers ’ follows the building-block principle : the variable wooden structures and units , however combined , produce a closed whole : resulting from the fixed total number of elements .
‘ millers ’ follows the building-block principle : the [different] wooden structures and units , however combined , produce a closed whole : resulting from the fixed total number of elements .

The engines chosen were Pratt & Whitney 450hp Wasp Juniors driving twin-bladed , variable pitch propellers , no British engines of this size being immediately available .
the engines chosen were pratt & whitney 450hp wasp juniors driving twin-bladed , [different] pitch propellers , no british engines of this size being immediately available .

The other significant variable in marker pen work is the paper type .
the other significant [different] in marker pen work is the paper type .

These come in variable sizes and power ratings and can prove useful in the right situation .
these come in [different] sizes and power ratings and can prove useful in the right situation .

Colour is more important to fish than to mammals and birds , and in fish it is often highly variable .
colour is more important to fish than to mammals and birds , and in fish it is often highly [different] .

Grundfos pumps are reliable and readily available , and most models have a variable speed control , ideal for summer and winter use .
grundfos pumps are reliable and readily available , and most models have a [different] speed control , ideal for summer and winter use .

Fathman ( 1975 ) also uses speed of learning as the explanatory variable for younger people learning more effectively , but she points out that the order of acquisition in second language learning does not change with age .
fathman ( 1975 ) also uses speed of learning as the explanatory [different] for younger people learning more effectively , but she points out that the order of acquisition in second language learning does not change with age .

In fact this seems to be the critical variable , and statistical analysis of sign measures proves significant .
in fact this seems to be the critical [different] , and statistical analysis of sign measures proves significant .

We can see that age of acquisition may be taken as a predictive factor for current sign language training but that it is not a pure , uncontaminated variable .
we can see that age of acquisition may be taken as a predictive factor for current sign language training but that it is not a pure , uncontaminated [different] .

In trying to summarise these findings , it may be said that linguistic knowledge does appear to be the important variable .
in trying to summarise these findings , it may be said that linguistic knowledge does appear to be the important [different] .

What we can take from this contemporary debate is the realisation that although research can assess the effectiveness of signing in schools , the change to Total Communication is generally based on attitude or commitment , which minimises or ignores the teacher variable .
what we can take from this contemporary debate is the realisation that although research can assess the effectiveness of signing in schools , the change to total communication is generally based on attitude or commitment , which minimises or ignores the teacher [different] .

Our drill had variable speed , reverse action and , of course , hammer action .
our drill had [different] speed , reverse action and , of course , hammer action .

Variable speed is almost essential if drilling is to be accurate .
[different] speed is almost essential if drilling is to be accurate .

Underbelly of the Peugeot houses the variable speed dial and a reverse/forward lever
underbelly of the peugeot houses the [different] speed dial and a reverse/forward lever

To keep costs down , the tool has no variable speed , so the handles should be firmly gripped all the time as the collet reaches 26,000rpm instantly .
to keep costs down , the tool has no [different] speed , so the handles should be firmly gripped all the time as the collet reaches 26,000rpm instantly .

The enormous flexibility of the systems approach has its penalties in potential confusion due to the highly variable relationship between functional and physical entities .
the enormous flexibility of the systems approach has its penalties in potential confusion due to the highly [different] relationship between functional and physical entities .

This is not to suggest that the age variable can be ignored .
this is not to suggest that the age [different] can be ignored .

The obsession , of current management , with measurement and the reduction of every variable to numbers for ease of computer manipulation has worsened the situation .
the obsession , of current management , with measurement and the reduction of every [different] to numbers for ease of computer manipulation has worsened the situation .

Human resources are too complex a variable to be easily susceptible to measurement beyond the level of counting heads and trades .
human resources are too complex a [different] to be easily susceptible to measurement beyond the level of counting heads and trades .

Intelligence defined as that which is measured by intelligence tests is obviously circular and also variable as the fashions in intelligence testing change .
intelligence defined as that which is measured by intelligence tests is obviously circular and also [different] as the fashions in intelligence testing change .

The space-economy for example is simply the spatial pattern of organization created by the industrial economy ; it is not an independent variable .
the space-economy for example is simply the spatial pattern of organization created by the industrial economy ; it is not an independent [different] .

The material reviewed in this chapter indicates that the manner in which educational qualifications are used in employment is both highly variable and subject to a wide range of contingent factors located in labour market structures and processes . Specifically , the following points can be made :
the material reviewed in this chapter indicates that the manner in which educational qualifications are used in employment is both highly [different] and subject to a wide range of contingent factors located in labour market structures and processes . specifically , the following points can be made :

This basement cell is one of the Castle 's variable warp points ( see Adventuring in Castle Drachenfels ) .
this basement cell is one of the castle 's [different] warp points ( see adventuring in castle drachenfels ) .

The east-west and north-south parts of this corridor both count as variable warp passages ( see Adventuring in Castle Drachenfels ) .
the east-west and north-south parts of this corridor both count as [different] warp passages ( see adventuring in castle drachenfels ) .

This is a variable warp passage ( see Adventuring in Castle Drachenfels ) .
this is a [different] warp passage ( see adventuring in castle drachenfels ) .

This is a variable warp passage ( see Adventuring in Castle Drachenfels ) .
this is a [different] warp passage ( see adventuring in castle drachenfels ) .

Although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in attempting to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , providing some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular variable whilst allowing for the influence of the others .
although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in attempting to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , providing some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular [different] whilst allowing for the influence of the others .

‘ Culture ’ can be defined in a myriad of ways and often appears to be used not as an independent , or explanatory , variable but as a residual one representing a variety of unspecified influences .
‘ culture ’ can be defined in a myriad of ways and often appears to be used not as an independent , or explanatory , [different] but as a residual one representing a variety of unspecified influences .

Consequently , when the number of countries is small and each very similar , the clustering becomes particularly tight , thereby making it a matter of arbitrary choice to select any one variable for explanatory purposes .
consequently , when the number of countries is small and each very similar , the clustering becomes particularly tight , thereby making it a matter of arbitrary choice to select any one [different] for explanatory purposes .

These included highly competitive product markets , with many small-sized enterprises , ease of entry and subcontracting , together with an unstructured labour market typified by short job duration at variable work sites , as well as much self-employment .
these included highly competitive product markets , with many small-sized enterprises , ease of entry and subcontracting , together with an unstructured labour market typified by short job duration at [different] work sites , as well as much self-employment .

In sum , employers are highly significant as actors in their own right and their activities are a critically important variable affecting the direction and development of industrial relations .
in sum , employers are highly significant as actors in their own right and their activities are a critically important [different] affecting the direction and development of industrial relations .

However , when the analysis was extended from consideration of only a single variable relationship to a multiple regression model which controlled for other possible influences on strikes , such as unemployment , profits and real wages , it was then found that bargaining structures did not have a statistically significant influence.l '
however , when the analysis was extended from consideration of only a single [different] relationship to a multiple regression model which controlled for other possible influences on strikes , such as unemployment , profits and real wages , it was then found that bargaining structures did not have a statistically significant influence.l '

More generally , it may be asked to what extent it is appropriate to regard collective bargaining — the explanatory variable in Clegg 's theory — as an independent and primary determinant in its own right , rather than as a transmission mechanism for other forces .
more generally , it may be asked to what extent it is appropriate to regard collective bargaining — the explanatory [different] in clegg 's theory — as an independent and primary determinant in its own right , rather than as a transmission mechanism for other forces .

In Britain it is well known that the 1968 Donovan Report identified bargaining structures as a major strategic variable in determining the effectiveness of industrial relations .
in britain it is well known that the 1968 donovan report identified bargaining structures as a major strategic [different] in determining the effectiveness of industrial relations .

Variable speed allowed the most aggressive setting — 7 on the control dial — to be used for the first stages , and a gentler 3 or 4 cleaned up the veneer surface .
[different] speed allowed the most aggressive setting — 7 on the control dial — to be used for the first stages , and a gentler 3 or 4 cleaned up the veneer surface .

Elsewhere it proved a negative variable , even in areas with a sizeable Jewish presence such as Leeds or Manchester .
elsewhere it proved a negative [different] , even in areas with a sizeable jewish presence such as leeds or manchester .

It is precisely because there is no direct correlation of such a kind between genetic make-up and culture that we can afford to ignore race as a significant variable in our discussion of different social and cultural arrangements .
it is precisely because there is no direct correlation of such a kind between genetic make-up and culture that we can afford to ignore race as a significant [different] in our discussion of different social and cultural arrangements .

Clearly this is a much more subtle , fallible and variable aspect of the child 's visual behaviour to attempt to measure than the clinical aspects of use of vision .
clearly this is a much more subtle , fallible and [different] aspect of the child 's visual behaviour to attempt to measure than the clinical aspects of use of vision .

Variable vision and the effects of fatigue
[different] vision and the effects of fatigue

In the United Kingdom , there is , to say the least , variable illumination with different levels being present in winter and summer and in varying weather conditions .
in the united kingdom , there is , to say the least , [different] illumination with different levels being present in winter and summer and in varying weather conditions .

The inconspicuous dunnock has the most variable mating system of any known bird .
the inconspicuous dunnock has the most [different] mating system of any known bird .

Dunnocks , it emerged , have the most variable mating system of any known bird .
dunnocks , it emerged , have the most [different] mating system of any known bird .

The parents were the only variable and even they did n't vary much ; their reactions followed a predictable pattern as well understood by the police as it was by the kidnappers .
the parents were the only [different] and even they did n't vary much ; their reactions followed a predictable pattern as well understood by the police as it was by the kidnappers .

The general relativity theory of gravity and the Maxwell theory of electrodynamics were what are called classical theories ; that is , they involved quantities that were continuously variable and that could , in principle at least , be measured to arbitrary accuracy .
the general relativity theory of gravity and the maxwell theory of electrodynamics were what are called classical theories ; that is , they involved quantities that were continuously [different] and that could , in principle at least , be measured to arbitrary accuracy .

Einstein showed this could he explained if light came not in continuously variable amounts , a everyone had assumed , but rather in packets of a certain size .
einstein showed this could he explained if light came not in continuously [different] amounts , a everyone had assumed , but rather in packets of a certain size .

In 1990 half the residential care facilities provided for elderly people were owned privately and in most localities there are also increasing numbers of privately owned hostels , group homes and nursing homes , of widely variable quality , serving the needs of young clients .
in 1990 half the residential care facilities provided for elderly people were owned privately and in most localities there are also increasing numbers of privately owned hostels , group homes and nursing homes , of widely [different] quality , serving the needs of young clients .

Following Vernon and Graham ( 1971 ) , if variable proportions may be used in production , but one input is monopolized and priced above marginal cost whereas the other is not , then merger between the upstream monopolized input supplier and the final producer ( s ) can remove the inefficiency caused by the factor distortion in production .
following vernon and graham ( 1971 ) , if [different] proportions may be used in production , but one input is monopolized and priced above marginal cost whereas the other is not , then merger between the upstream monopolized input supplier and the final producer ( s ) can remove the inefficiency caused by the factor distortion in production .

’ The words we use , though they have a central core of meaning that is relatively fixed , have a fringe of uncertainty when applied to the infinitely variable facts of experience .
’ the words we use , though they have a central core of meaning that is relatively fixed , have a fringe of uncertainty when applied to the infinitely [different] facts of experience .

Variable , when bored every five minutes
[different] , when bored every five minutes

The number of intervening sentences in which the item was not mentioned is one obvious variable , but more interesting would be the effect of such discourse boundaries as a change of scene , where a whole set of items can be assumed to enter the consciousness of the addressee , presumably pushing out old ones .
the number of intervening sentences in which the item was not mentioned is one obvious [different] , but more interesting would be the effect of such discourse boundaries as a change of scene , where a whole set of items can be assumed to enter the consciousness of the addressee , presumably pushing out old ones .

The key to direct analysis and systematic comparison of the very large amount of data collected using these methods is the concept of the linguistic variable .
the key to direct analysis and systematic comparison of the very large amount of data collected using these methods is the concept of the linguistic [different] .

The variant realizations of a linguistic variable do not encode different referential meanings .
the variant realizations of a linguistic [different] do not encode different referential meanings .

The figures in table 5.1 refer to the variable ( h ) , and list the percentages of zero realizations of word initial /h/ ( in items like hammer and heart ) recorded for five social class groups in these cities , ranging from Lower-working to Middle-middle class .
the figures in table 5.1 refer to the [different] ( h ) , and list the percentages of zero realizations of word initial /h/ ( in items like hammer and heart ) recorded for five social class groups in these cities , ranging from lower-working to middle-middle class .

The relationship between use of linguistic variables and various other speaker characteristics is illustrated in table 5.2 , which summarizes patterns in the realization of the vowel variable ( ai ) by Belfast working-class speakers .
the relationship between use of linguistic variables and various other speaker characteristics is illustrated in table 5.2 , which summarizes patterns in the realization of the vowel [different] ( ai ) by belfast working-class speakers .

In chapter 2 this variable was discussed in relation to data collection and sampling procedures , rather than in relation to data analysis which is our concern here .
in chapter 2 this [different] was discussed in relation to data collection and sampling procedures , rather than in relation to data analysis which is our concern here .

It was noted that linguists tended to use the concept of social class rather unreflectingly , primarily as a means of imposing some order on variable linguistic data collected from a large number of ( usually urban ) speakers .
it was noted that linguists tended to use the concept of social class rather unreflectingly , primarily as a means of imposing some order on [different] linguistic data collected from a large number of ( usually urban ) speakers .

We must therefore conclude that social class as it is used in stratificational studies is a proxy variable covering distinctions in life-style , attitude and belief as well as differential access to wealth , power and prestige .
we must therefore conclude that social class as it is used in stratificational studies is a proxy [different] covering distinctions in life-style , attitude and belief as well as differential access to wealth , power and prestige .

Social class is not the only speaker variable which presents problems of definition and interpretation , but it has been singled out here for detailed discussion for two reasons .
social class is not the only speaker [different] which presents problems of definition and interpretation , but it has been singled out here for detailed discussion for two reasons .

Horvath 's re-graphing of some of Labov 's data in terms of ‘ natural ’ linguistic groupings even suggests that sex should take precedence over class as the major speaker variable ; she remarks that ‘ if social class is seen to take precedence , then these other social dimensions might remain hidden or only dimly perceived ’ ( Horvath 1985 : 64 ) .
horvath 's re-graphing of some of labov 's data in terms of ‘ natural ’ linguistic groupings even suggests that sex should take precedence over class as the major speaker [different] ; she remarks that ‘ if social class is seen to take precedence , then these other social dimensions might remain hidden or only dimly perceived ’ ( horvath 1985 : 64 ) .

It is the subjective nature of ethnicity which can make it tricky to handle as a speaker variable .
it is the subjective nature of ethnicity which can make it tricky to handle as a speaker [different] .

The Northern Ireland case illustrates a critical point hinted at at the beginning of this section which has important methodological implications for any researcher working with ethnicity as a speaker variable : ethnicity is a culturally created category , in no sense objectively ‘ given ’ or verifiable .
the northern ireland case illustrates a critical point hinted at at the beginning of this section which has important methodological implications for any researcher working with ethnicity as a speaker [different] : ethnicity is a culturally created category , in no sense objectively ‘ given ’ or verifiable .

The final point which needs to be made about ethnicity is that as a speaker variable it can not usually be isolated from social class .
the final point which needs to be made about ethnicity is that as a speaker [different] it can not usually be isolated from social class .

It was noted in 5.3.3 that the much-studied variable of social class appears to be a proxy variable , and in fact most linguists are probably not primarily interested in the correlation between occupation , educational level or any other social class indicator and language , but in a more general relationship between linguistic differentiation and social differentiation of which the stratification system is only a part .
it was noted in 5.3.3 that the much-studied [different] of social class appears to be a proxy [different] , and in fact most linguists are probably not primarily interested in the correlation between occupation , educational level or any other social class indicator and language , but in a more general relationship between linguistic differentiation and social differentiation of which the stratification system is only a part .

Similar comments might be made about the speaker variable of social ambition used by Douglas-Cowie ( 1978 ) to account for linguistic variation in a Northern Irish village .
similar comments might be made about the speaker [different] of social ambition used by douglas-cowie ( 1978 ) to account for linguistic variation in a northern irish village .

Without an explicit theory , it is not clear whether the important underlying variable is indeed of a psycho-social kind , or whether it is ( for example ) associated with the looser social ties between the individual and the local group which are likely to be congruent with a high level of social ambition .
without an explicit theory , it is not clear whether the important underlying [different] is indeed of a psycho-social kind , or whether it is ( for example ) associated with the looser social ties between the individual and the local group which are likely to be congruent with a high level of social ambition .

One variable of this general ‘ identity ’ type is social network .
one [different] of this general ‘ identity ’ type is social network .

The idea of using social network as a speaker variable was developed in Belfast in response to an explicit hypothesis concerning the capacity of closeknit networks to function in society as a norm enforcement mechanism .
the idea of using social network as a speaker [different] was developed in belfast in response to an explicit hypothesis concerning the capacity of closeknit networks to function in society as a norm enforcement mechanism .

The capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressure formed a basis for using this speaker variable not only descriptively , but to explore more radically patterns of language maintenance and change .
the capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressure formed a basis for using this speaker [different] not only descriptively , but to explore more radically patterns of language maintenance and change .

Although the theoretical motivation for positing social network as a speaker variable can be made relatively explicit , its use presents certain problems , the first of which concerns the measurement and quantification of network structure ; for like social class and ethnicity , the ill-definedness of the network concept can make it difficult to operationalize .
although the theoretical motivation for positing social network as a speaker [different] can be made relatively explicit , its use presents certain problems , the first of which concerns the measurement and quantification of network structure ; for like social class and ethnicity , the ill-definedness of the network concept can make it difficult to operationalize .

Fundamentally , it is a social rather than a psychological variable , its main purpose being to enable the researcher to compare individuals in such a way as to focus on differences between them with respect to degree of integration into a set of relationships which constitute a group capable of exerting normative pressure .
fundamentally , it is a social rather than a psychological [different] , its main purpose being to enable the researcher to compare individuals in such a way as to focus on differences between them with respect to degree of integration into a set of relationships which constitute a group capable of exerting normative pressure .

While it is quite possible that a different range of indicators might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying variable of social integration , this particular set was selected in response to two methodological criteria .
while it is quite possible that a different range of indicators might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying [different] of social integration , this particular set was selected in response to two methodological criteria .

First , since the network variable was motivated by a more general social theory , they were intended to reflect conditions which , in a number of network studies , had seemed capable of predicting the extent to which an individual became subject to group pressures .
first , since the network [different] was motivated by a more general social theory , they were intended to reflect conditions which , in a number of network studies , had seemed capable of predicting the extent to which an individual became subject to group pressures .

Meantime , the important principle which emerges is that the network measure is concerned with an underlying variable of integration to a social group ; hence , selection of indicators is motivated by the need to characterize in a principled way differences between individuals with respect to degree of integration .
meantime , the important principle which emerges is that the network measure is concerned with an underlying [different] of integration to a social group ; hence , selection of indicators is motivated by the need to characterize in a principled way differences between individuals with respect to degree of integration .

In the remainder of this section we shall compare the use made of the network variable in three very different studies .
in the remainder of this section we shall compare the use made of the network [different] in three very different studies .

Even if the use of social class as a speaker variable were feasible in this rather fundamental practical sense , it would be unlikely to yield much insight into the interplay between social and linguistic differentiation ( for the rather obvious reason that a social class index can not distinguish in an illuminating way between members of a group who are mostly unemployed or concentrated in low-status occupations ) .
even if the use of social class as a speaker [different] were feasible in this rather fundamental practical sense , it would be unlikely to yield much insight into the interplay between social and linguistic differentiation ( for the rather obvious reason that a social class index can not distinguish in an illuminating way between members of a group who are mostly unemployed or concentrated in low-status occupations ) .

But since it seems to be possible to analyse the black community as a whole as consisting of overlapping sets of relatively closeknit groups , the network variable is rather more helpful in describing the relationship between linguistic variability and non-linguistic differences between speakers .
but since it seems to be possible to analyse the black community as a whole as consisting of overlapping sets of relatively closeknit groups , the network [different] is rather more helpful in describing the relationship between linguistic variability and non-linguistic differences between speakers .

It was suggested in 5.7.2 that the crucial variable ( from a sociolinguist 's point of view ) underlying any measure of personal network structure is degree of integration into a closeknit group .
it was suggested in 5.7.2 that the crucial [different] ( from a sociolinguist 's point of view ) underlying any measure of personal network structure is degree of integration into a closeknit group .

Labov 's concept of the linguistic variable ( see 5.1 ) , was developed originally to handle phonology rather than syntax .
labov 's concept of the linguistic [different] ( see 5.1 ) , was developed originally to handle phonology rather than syntax .

Of great methodological importance is the principle of accountability , which in essence states that analysts should not selectively pick out from a text those variants of a variable which tend to confirm their argument , while ignoring others which do not .
of great methodological importance is the principle of accountability , which in essence states that analysts should not selectively pick out from a text those variants of a [different] which tend to confirm their argument , while ignoring others which do not .

As we shall see , it is often difficult to specify ‘ relevant environments ’ and , even more fundamentally , to define the input to a given variable ; Labov 's suggestion that it might sometimes not be possible to define variables as a closed set of variants is particularly relevant to syntactic variation ( see chapter 7 ) .
as we shall see , it is often difficult to specify ‘ relevant environments ’ and , even more fundamentally , to define the input to a given [different] ; labov 's suggestion that it might sometimes not be possible to define variables as a closed set of variants is particularly relevant to syntactic variation ( see chapter 7 ) .

As vowel realizations vary along relatively easily specifiable continuous dimensions such as height or backness , and more than two variants can often be identified , vowel variable scores are often ( but not always — see 6.3.2 ) calculated in a rather different way , using a vowel index score .
as vowel realizations vary along relatively easily specifiable continuous dimensions such as height or backness , and more than two variants can often be identified , vowel [different] scores are often ( but not always — see 6.3.2 ) calculated in a rather different way , using a vowel index score .

Since very full accounts are available both in Labov 's reports of his early work ( Labov 1972b ) and in many more recent sociolinguistics text books ( see particularly Hudson 1980 ; Wardhaugh 1986 ) , the original notion of the linguistic variable has been outlined only sketchily here .
since very full accounts are available both in labov 's reports of his early work ( labov 1972b ) and in many more recent sociolinguistics text books ( see particularly hudson 1980 ; wardhaugh 1986 ) , the original notion of the linguistic [different] has been outlined only sketchily here .

Assuming some acquaintance with the concept , this chapter focuses more specifically on a range of practical and theoretical issues associated with the use of the linguistic variable as an analytic tool .
assuming some acquaintance with the concept , this chapter focuses more specifically on a range of practical and theoretical issues associated with the use of the linguistic [different] as an analytic tool .

It is organized as follows : first the initial identification of variables is discussed , with attention to their embedding in linguistic structure ( 6.2 ) ; second , some problems ( and proposed solutions ) are explored , which arise from attempts to analyse data using the concept of the variable as it was originally developed ( 6.3–6.6 ) ; third , some difficulties in establishing lexical input to phonological variables ( 6.7 ) are described .
it is organized as follows : first the initial identification of variables is discussed , with attention to their embedding in linguistic structure ( 6.2 ) ; second , some problems ( and proposed solutions ) are explored , which arise from attempts to analyse data using the concept of the [different] as it was originally developed ( 6.3–6.6 ) ; third , some difficulties in establishing lexical input to phonological variables ( 6.7 ) are described .

For example although ( h ) is socially salient variable in Britain south of the River Tees ( cf .
for example although ( h ) is socially salient [different] in britain south of the river tees ( cf .

table 5.1 ) , it is not a variable north of this point , nor in Ireland or Australia or the United States .
table 5.1 ) , it is not a [different] north of this point , nor in ireland or australia or the united states .

In the case of another much-studied variable , ( r ) , we find in England ( but not in many parts of the United States ) that absence of post-vocalic [ r ] is characteristic of high-status speech and is moreover categorical except in some ( mainly ) western areas .
in the case of another much-studied [different] , ( r ) , we find in england ( but not in many parts of the united states ) that absence of post-vocalic [ r ] is characteristic of high-status speech and is moreover categorical except in some ( mainly ) western areas .

The general value of a pilot study for helping to assess the importance of information gathered by relatively unsystematic observation and analysis may be demonstrated with reference to the variable ( a ) in Belfast .
the general value of a pilot study for helping to assess the importance of information gathered by relatively unsystematic observation and analysis may be demonstrated with reference to the [different] ( a ) in belfast .

The methodological implications of this combination of historical and contemporary evidence were quite direct ; syllables closed by a velar consonant , which were categorically non-back , could not be counted as tokens of a variable which varied on the dimension of backness .
the methodological implications of this combination of historical and contemporary evidence were quite direct ; syllables closed by a velar consonant , which were categorically non-back , could not be counted as tokens of a [different] which varied on the dimension of backness .

Much of the value of the method outlined in 6.1 for converting into numbers the phonetic values associated with a variable lies in its simplicity and replicability in a wide range of cases .
much of the value of the method outlined in 6.1 for converting into numbers the phonetic values associated with a [different] lies in its simplicity and replicability in a wide range of cases .

But behind the apparently straightforward process of assigning numbers to variants of a variable in such a way as to reflect , reasonably faithfully , their phonetic and social relationships with each other lies a great deal of linguistic , sociological and mathematical abstraction .
but behind the apparently straightforward process of assigning numbers to variants of a [different] in such a way as to reflect , reasonably faithfully , their phonetic and social relationships with each other lies a great deal of linguistic , sociological and mathematical abstraction .

The notion of the sociolinguistic variable whose variants are assumed to lie on single co-extensive phonetic and social dimensions has been criticized by ( amongst others ) Hudson and Holloway ( 1977 ) ; Romaine ( 1978a ) and Knowles ( 1978 ) .
the notion of the sociolinguistic [different] whose variants are assumed to lie on single co-extensive phonetic and social dimensions has been criticized by ( amongst others ) hudson and holloway ( 1977 ) ; romaine ( 1978a ) and knowles ( 1978 ) .

Knowles ( 1978 ) , who is particularly critical of Labov , argues that while the assumption that variants of a variable may be placed on a single social and phonetic continuum makes quantification relatively easy , it also oversimplifies the real range of choices open to speakers .
knowles ( 1978 ) , who is particularly critical of labov , argues that while the assumption that variants of a [different] may be placed on a single social and phonetic continuum makes quantification relatively easy , it also oversimplifies the real range of choices open to speakers .

The limitations of a single linear scale are demonstrated in relation to realizations of five phonological variables in the city of Liverpool , of which one is an optionally merged variable ( u ? )
the limitations of a single linear scale are demonstrated in relation to realizations of five phonological variables in the city of liverpool , of which one is an optionally merged [different] ( u ? )

Although advances in urban dialectology are certainly a by-product of his methods , his principal objectives were to use variable data as a means of elucidating processes of linguistic change and more generally to contribute to core linguistic theory ( cf .
although advances in urban dialectology are certainly a by-product of his methods , his principal objectives were to use [different] data as a means of elucidating processes of linguistic change and more generally to contribute to core linguistic theory ( cf .

While Knowles is concerned mainly with accurate description , it is clear from Romaine 's ( 1978a ) account of the variable ( r ) in the language of Edinburgh schoolchildren that she shares Labov 's general theoretical objectives of elucidating processes of linguistic change ( cf .
while knowles is concerned mainly with accurate description , it is clear from romaine 's ( 1978a ) account of the [different] ( r ) in the language of edinburgh schoolchildren that she shares labov 's general theoretical objectives of elucidating processes of linguistic change ( cf .

This pattern is demonstrated in tables 6.2 and 6.3 , which compare tokens of the variable ( a ) on word-lists read by a working-class and a middle-class speaker respectively .
this pattern is demonstrated in tables 6.2 and 6.3 , which compare tokens of the [different] ( a ) on word-lists read by a working-class and a middle-class speaker respectively .

In response to these complexities , the original notion of the sociolinguistic variable with variants which were assigned values along a single phonetic dimension was considerably modified .
in response to these complexities , the original notion of the sociolinguistic [different] with variants which were assigned values along a single phonetic dimension was considerably modified .

Not surprisingly , realization of ( o ) is much more variable than this very idealized representation implies , although ( as even the small amount of data in table 6.4 suggests ) it is certainly constrained by the factors specified .
not surprisingly , realization of ( o ) is much more [different] than this very idealized representation implies , although ( as even the small amount of data in table 6.4 suggests ) it is certainly constrained by the factors specified .

6.6 Types of Linguistic Variable
6.6 types of linguistic [different]

Kerswill 's interest is in distinguishing different types of variable rather than in developing methods of quantification which give different kinds of insight into sociolinguistic patterns .
kerswill 's interest is in distinguishing different types of [different] rather than in developing methods of quantification which give different kinds of insight into sociolinguistic patterns .

As well as attempting to distinguish CSPs from a more general type of phonological variable ( such as that found in Durham in the long and short /a/ classes ) , Kerswill examines a certain type of lexical variable , exemplified by parts of two competing pronoun systems found in Durham City ( table 6.11 ) .
as well as attempting to distinguish csps from a more general type of phonological [different] ( such as that found in durham in the long and short /a/ classes ) , kerswill examines a certain type of lexical [different] , exemplified by parts of two competing pronoun systems found in durham city ( table 6.11 ) .

It is certainly possible that the distinctions between different types of variable drawn by Dressler and Wodak and by Kerswill will turn out to be methodologically important in as much as they yield new insights into the principles underlying patterns of variation and processes of change .
it is certainly possible that the distinctions between different types of [different] drawn by dressler and wodak and by kerswill will turn out to be methodologically important in as much as they yield new insights into the principles underlying patterns of variation and processes of change .

Precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be specified on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of specifying the lexical input to the variable ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were assigned to the set simply on the basis of observation .
precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be specified on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of specifying the lexical input to the [different] ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were assigned to the set simply on the basis of observation .

Macaulay outlines the difficulties encountered in analysing the variable ( u ) — initially assumed to have as its input the vowel in words such as school , book , full , fool .
macaulay outlines the difficulties encountered in analysing the [different] ( u ) — initially assumed to have as its input the vowel in words such as school , book , full , fool .

As his comments show , failure to specify with reasonable accuracy the input to any proposed variable is likely to obscure existing patterns of variation between speakers ;
as his comments show , failure to specify with reasonable accuracy the input to any proposed [different] is likely to obscure existing patterns of variation between speakers ;

The situation is complicated by the fact that the variable ( i ) can occur with [ ? ]
the situation is complicated by the fact that the [different] ( i ) can occur with [ ? ]

Since by definition the composition of phonolexical subsets is not predictable by a general rule , one way of revealing their presence in a body of data is routinely to record as both a lexical item and a phonetic value each putative token of a variable ( see tables 6.2 , 6.3 , 6.4 , 6.5 for examples ) .
since by definition the composition of phonolexical subsets is not predictable by a general rule , one way of revealing their presence in a body of data is routinely to record as both a lexical item and a phonetic value each putative token of a [different] ( see tables 6.2 , 6.3 , 6.4 , 6.5 for examples ) .

6.8.2 How many tokens of a variable are needed ?
6.8.2 how many tokens of a [different] are needed ?

, a speaker score of 20 per cent on this variable is hardly meaningful , even within a single social context , as a characterization of normal language use .
, a speaker score of 20 per cent on this [different] is hardly meaningful , even within a single social context , as a characterization of normal language use .

Using a detailed study of final stop deletion to exemplify a more general principle , Guy suggests that 30 tokens per variable is a reasonable goal to aim for .
using a detailed study of final stop deletion to exemplify a more general principle , guy suggests that 30 tokens per [different] is a reasonable goal to aim for .

Pointing out that his recommendations are based on the detailed study of a single variable , she cites the work of Albo ( 1970 ) , who concludes from his examination of several different variables in Cochabamba Quechua that the sensitivity of variables to sample size is not constant .
pointing out that his recommendations are based on the detailed study of a single [different] , she cites the work of albo ( 1970 ) , who concludes from his examination of several different variables in cochabamba quechua that the sensitivity of variables to sample size is not constant .

Finding a sufficient number of tokens of a variable for each speaker did not apparently emerge as a problem in the early urban surveys which followed Labov 's 1966 model .
finding a sufficient number of tokens of a [different] for each speaker did not apparently emerge as a problem in the early urban surveys which followed labov 's 1966 model .

One part of the Belfast analysis was concerned with the relationship between linguistic variable scores and social network scores , the hypothesis being that the two sets of scores were related .
one part of the belfast analysis was concerned with the relationship between linguistic [different] scores and social network scores , the hypothesis being that the two sets of scores were related .

Section 7.4 reviews some quantitative studies which have attempted to take over directly from phonology the notion of the semantically neutral variable , and in subsequent sections analyses of variation which explicitly take into account semantic and discourse factors are discussed .
section 7.4 reviews some quantitative studies which have attempted to take over directly from phonology the notion of the semantically neutral [different] , and in subsequent sections analyses of variation which explicitly take into account semantic and discourse factors are discussed .

As we have seen , the difficulty often lies not in obtaining tokens of a variable , but in obtaining the full range of realizations associated with it .
as we have seen , the difficulty often lies not in obtaining tokens of a [different] , but in obtaining the full range of realizations associated with it .

Although these broader issues spill over into the whole question of extending the notion of the sociolinguistic variable into the domain of syntactic analysis , they are relevant to data collection because they often entail difficulties in obtaining sufficient quantities of a specific type of data .
although these broader issues spill over into the whole question of extending the notion of the sociolinguistic [different] into the domain of syntactic analysis , they are relevant to data collection because they often entail difficulties in obtaining sufficient quantities of a specific type of data .

This problem emerges even where , intuitively , it seems likely that data will be plentiful , as can be demonstrated by the example of a study of variable subject/verb concord in Belfast vernacular speech ( Policansky 1980 ; 1982 ) .
this problem emerges even where , intuitively , it seems likely that data will be plentiful , as can be demonstrated by the example of a study of [different] subject/verb concord in belfast vernacular speech ( policansky 1980 ; 1982 ) .

7.4 Syntactic Analysis and the Sociolinguistic Variable
7.4 syntactic analysis and the sociolinguistic [different]

Labov 's comments on the difficulty of applying the principle of accountability to the study of variable syntax suggest one reason for the problems .
labov 's comments on the difficulty of applying the principle of accountability to the study of [different] syntax suggest one reason for the problems .

6.1 ) that ‘ all occurrences of a given variant are noted , and where it has been possible to define the variable as a closed set of variants , all non-occurrences of the variant in the relevant circumstances ’ ( Labov 1982a : 30 ) .
6.1 ) that ‘ all occurrences of a given variant are noted , and where it has been possible to define the [different] as a closed set of variants , all non-occurrences of the variant in the relevant circumstances ’ ( labov 1982a : 30 ) .

Recall first the procedure which needs to be adopted in defining a phonological variable , of disregarding linguistic contexts which do not allow variation .
recall first the procedure which needs to be adopted in defining a phonological [different] , of disregarding linguistic contexts which do not allow variation .

1.1 ) , we still can not specify this rule as categorical with the same confidence as we can define a constraint on a phonological variable .
1.1 ) , we still can not specify this rule as categorical with the same confidence as we can define a constraint on a phonological [different] .

But the problem which data of this kind present is whether or not contexts where the subject is realized by a personal pronoun or by these are possible ‘ variable ’ environments .
but the problem which data of this kind present is whether or not contexts where the subject is realized by a personal pronoun or by these are possible ‘ [different] ’ environments .

Nor are problems of this kind peculiar to the Belfast concord variable ; similar indeterminacies are , for example , associated with attempts to specify the precise environments in which the zero form of the relative pronoun can occur .
nor are problems of this kind peculiar to the belfast concord [different] ; similar indeterminacies are , for example , associated with attempts to specify the precise environments in which the zero form of the relative pronoun can occur .

It is , however , not at all clear what the precise constraints on variable subject relative pronouns in these two vernacular systems might be .
it is , however , not at all clear what the precise constraints on [different] subject relative pronouns in these two vernacular systems might be .

Despite the difficulties of knowing what to count when the concept of the variable is applied to syntactic work , a large number of quantitative studies of syntactic variation are reported in the literature .
despite the difficulties of knowing what to count when the concept of the [different] is applied to syntactic work , a large number of quantitative studies of syntactic variation are reported in the literature .

It was Sankoff 's paper ‘ Above and beyond phonology in variable rules ’ ( 1973 ; 1980b ) which first proposed extending the notion of the linguistic variable to syntax , demonstrating the methods and principles involved with three examples : variable placement of the future marker bai in Tok Pisin ; variable deletion of the complementizer que in Montreal French ; and variation in the use of French indefinite on .
it was sankoff 's paper ‘ above and beyond phonology in [different] rules ’ ( 1973 ; 1980b ) which first proposed extending the notion of the linguistic [different] to syntax , demonstrating the methods and principles involved with three examples : [different] placement of the future marker bai in tok pisin ; [different] deletion of the complementizer que in montreal french ; and variation in the use of french indefinite on .

This discussion , along with Weiner and Labov 's later study of the passive variable seems to have stimulated Lavandera 's ( 1978b ) critique of the use of the notion of the variable in syntactic studies ( see further 7.5 ) .
this discussion , along with weiner and labov 's later study of the passive [different] seems to have stimulated lavandera 's ( 1978b ) critique of the use of the notion of the [different] in syntactic studies ( see further 7.5 ) .

By definition , of course , work employing the concept of the variable is quantitative ; but as we shall see later in this chapter , much interesting work on syntactic variation ( by Sankoff and others ) is qualitative , or a mixture of qualitative and quantitative approaches .
by definition , of course , work employing the concept of the [different] is quantitative ; but as we shall see later in this chapter , much interesting work on syntactic variation ( by sankoff and others ) is qualitative , or a mixture of qualitative and quantitative approaches .

This substantial and carefully argued paper deals with a number of thorny methodological issues , such as defining the scope and relevant contexts of the syntactic variable ( see 7.4.1 ) and problems associated with the low frequency of particular verbs .
this substantial and carefully argued paper deals with a number of thorny methodological issues , such as defining the scope and relevant contexts of the syntactic [different] ( see 7.4.1 ) and problems associated with the low frequency of particular verbs .

Finally , a number of quantitative analyses are carried out , including a variable rule analysis of the probability of speakers using one variant or the other , according to their linguistic market indices ( cf .
finally , a number of quantitative analyses are carried out , including a [different] rule analysis of the probability of speakers using one variant or the other , according to their linguistic market indices ( cf .

Wolfram 's ( 1980 ) account of variable constraints on prefixing a- to the present continuous form of the verb in Appalachian English ( e.g .
wolfram 's ( 1980 ) account of [different] constraints on prefixing a- to the present continuous form of the verb in appalachian english ( e.g .

Johnson ( 1986 ) discusses the practicalities of using the textual processing capacities of computers for a specific research purpose , and Wells ( 1985 ) gives a useful ( and rather sobering ) account of the problems encountered by the Bristol Child Language Project in computer-processing a very large amount of socially and developmentally variable material .
johnson ( 1986 ) discusses the practicalities of using the textual processing capacities of computers for a specific research purpose , and wells ( 1985 ) gives a useful ( and rather sobering ) account of the problems encountered by the bristol child language project in computer-processing a very large amount of socially and developmentally [different] material .

In general it is important for researchers who are seeking a model for their own projects to be aware of the extent to which much innovatory work in the analysis of variable syntax ( such as Sankoff 's ) is computer-aided .
in general it is important for researchers who are seeking a model for their own projects to be aware of the extent to which much innovatory work in the analysis of [different] syntax ( such as sankoff 's ) is computer-aided .

There is one particular difficulty in extending the notion of the linguistic variable to the analysis of syntactic variation which has received extensive discussion in recent years ( see for example Lavandera ( 1978b ) , Romaine ( 1984b ) and Coveney ( 1986 ) ) .
there is one particular difficulty in extending the notion of the linguistic [different] to the analysis of syntactic variation which has received extensive discussion in recent years ( see for example lavandera ( 1978b ) , romaine ( 1984b ) and coveney ( 1986 ) ) .

It was Lavandera who suggested that the concept of the linguistic variable could not usefully be applied to the analysis of syntactic variation because variants of so-called ‘ syntactic variables ’ were not semantically equivalent in the same way as phonological variables .
it was lavandera who suggested that the concept of the linguistic [different] could not usefully be applied to the analysis of syntactic variation because variants of so-called ‘ syntactic variables ’ were not semantically equivalent in the same way as phonological variables .

But extending the notion of the variable to syntax suggests that we can show that syntactic variants are semantically equivalent in much the same way .
but extending the notion of the [different] to syntax suggests that we can show that syntactic variants are semantically equivalent in much the same way .

Such a syntactic difference , as we can see in Labov and Weiner 's study of this as a variable , requires quite an ingenious dismissal of possible differences in referential meaning .
such a syntactic difference , as we can see in labov and weiner 's study of this as a [different] , requires quite an ingenious dismissal of possible differences in referential meaning .

The rather cautious tone of this statement of intent is not sufficient to resolve the conceptual difficulties presented by the notion of a syntactic ( as opposed to phonological ) variable .
the rather cautious tone of this statement of intent is not sufficient to resolve the conceptual difficulties presented by the notion of a syntactic ( as opposed to phonological ) [different] .

be used as equivalent ways of doing or saying the same thing ) ; for this reason it is sometimes difficult to specify a principled way of knowing where to stop counting particular forms as variants of a variable .
be used as equivalent ways of doing or saying the same thing ) ; for this reason it is sometimes difficult to specify a principled way of knowing where to stop counting particular forms as variants of a [different] .

This problem may be seen as the converse of the one discussed at the beginning of this section — defining a complete set of alternants for a variable — and is best demonstrated by example .
this problem may be seen as the converse of the one discussed at the beginning of this section — defining a complete set of alternants for a [different] — and is best demonstrated by example .

Some linguists argue that such equivalence does not exist ( Bolinger 1977 ) while others like Coveney argue that a weaker kind of equivalence ( of a kind which can not however easily be specified ) is sufficient for identifying structures as variants of an underlying variable .
some linguists argue that such equivalence does not exist ( bolinger 1977 ) while others like coveney argue that a weaker kind of equivalence ( of a kind which can not however easily be specified ) is sufficient for identifying structures as variants of an underlying [different] .

Following their general line of reasoning sociolinguists like Dines ( 1980 ) have suggested that the notion of the variable should be extended into the domain of pragmatics ( see further 7.7 ) .
following their general line of reasoning sociolinguists like dines ( 1980 ) have suggested that the notion of the [different] should be extended into the domain of pragmatics ( see further 7.7 ) .

Despite the cluster of problems which emerges when the notion of the syntactic variable is extended beyond phonology , many investigators feel intuitively that some candidate ‘ syntactic variables ’ behave in a way more similar to phonological variables than others .
despite the cluster of problems which emerges when the notion of the syntactic [different] is extended beyond phonology , many investigators feel intuitively that some candidate ‘ syntactic variables ’ behave in a way more similar to phonological variables than others .

Romaine has concluded that the concept of the variable can not usefully be applied to any but low-level morphological variation .
romaine has concluded that the concept of the [different] can not usefully be applied to any but low-level morphological variation .

At the other end of the scale , alternations between the active and the agentless passive studied by Weiner and Labov do not seem to be candidate variables in any sense parallel to the concept of the phonological variable .
at the other end of the scale , alternations between the active and the agentless passive studied by weiner and labov do not seem to be candidate variables in any sense parallel to the concept of the phonological [different] .

As Lavandera ( 1978b ) has remarked , one paradoxical consequence of the ‘ sea-change ’ in the concept of the sociolinguistic variable evident in the Weiner and Labov paper is that the authors seem to be attempting to argue for a function of variation almost converse to that which emerged from Labov 's earlier work .
as lavandera ( 1978b ) has remarked , one paradoxical consequence of the ‘ sea-change ’ in the concept of the sociolinguistic [different] evident in the weiner and labov paper is that the authors seem to be attempting to argue for a function of variation almost converse to that which emerged from labov 's earlier work .

Investigators who opt for the first solution may seek out variable syntactic elements where meaning variation does not constitute a serious problem ; this is the general approach taken by Cheshire .
investigators who opt for the first solution may seek out [different] syntactic elements where meaning variation does not constitute a serious problem ; this is the general approach taken by cheshire .

But such a procedure would simply have led to the conclusion that the investigator had failed to elicit environments where the variable could be studied , and would miss the point that speakers were in fact making use of an entirely different range of choices to express stylistic differences .
but such a procedure would simply have led to the conclusion that the investigator had failed to elicit environments where the [different] could be studied , and would miss the point that speakers were in fact making use of an entirely different range of choices to express stylistic differences .

The enterprise of attempting to specify exhaustively the range of possible surface variants of a variable is thus argued to be irrelevant to a satisfying and explanatory account of syntactic variation .
the enterprise of attempting to specify exhaustively the range of possible surface variants of a [different] is thus argued to be irrelevant to a satisfying and explanatory account of syntactic variation .

This point is exemplified with reference to tense and mood variation in Spanish si clauses ( see 50–52 above ) ; Lavandera points out that although the alternants may be defined as variants of an underlying variable in the sense that they are truth-conditional semantic equivalents , and pattern according to external social factors , they differ in modal meaning ( see Huddleston 1984 : 165 for a discussion of these semantic issues ) .
this point is exemplified with reference to tense and mood variation in spanish si clauses ( see 50–52 above ) ; lavandera points out that although the alternants may be defined as variants of an underlying [different] in the sense that they are truth-conditional semantic equivalents , and pattern according to external social factors , they differ in modal meaning ( see huddleston 1984 : 165 for a discussion of these semantic issues ) .

Like Gumperz , she examines initially the use made by speakers of linguistic variation , rather than following Labov in examining , in terms of speaker characteristics , the patterning of variable elements in the system ( cf .
like gumperz , she examines initially the use made by speakers of linguistic variation , rather than following labov in examining , in terms of speaker characteristics , the patterning of [different] elements in the system ( cf .

The authors observe that analysis of this variable leads to a very broad consideration of the place of the constructions in discourse , of a large number of other constructions serving similar discourse functions and of speaker strategies similar to those considered by Lavandera .
the authors observe that analysis of this [different] leads to a very broad consideration of the place of the constructions in discourse , of a large number of other constructions serving similar discourse functions and of speaker strategies similar to those considered by lavandera .

One other key variable that has traditionally been used to delineate rural areas is the percentages employed in agriculture and forestry .
one other key [different] that has traditionally been used to delineate rural areas is the percentages employed in agriculture and forestry .

In this respect the key variable in the 1980s is the large number of young people entering the rural labour market , following the baby boom of the 1960s .
in this respect the key [different] in the 1980s is the large number of young people entering the rural labour market , following the baby boom of the 1960s .

The main reason for this shift was the reduced importance of the major variable in most economic location models , transport costs , as improved transport and telecommunication facilities have overcome the friction of distance , particularly for the new ‘ sunrise ’ industries of micro-electronics and software design .
the main reason for this shift was the reduced importance of the major [different] in most economic location models , transport costs , as improved transport and telecommunication facilities have overcome the friction of distance , particularly for the new ‘ sunrise ’ industries of micro-electronics and software design .

The most easily quantifiable , if however the most elusive , value in these factors is money , and so not surprisingly a good deal of attention has been paid to this variable .
the most easily quantifiable , if however the most elusive , value in these factors is money , and so not surprisingly a good deal of attention has been paid to this [different] .

For example , it assumes an entrance fee for resources that are by and large free , and it ignores not only the intervening opportunity of other sites but also personal preference , which is likely to be a key variable in a basically non-economically motivated activity .
for example , it assumes an entrance fee for resources that are by and large free , and it ignores not only the intervening opportunity of other sites but also personal preference , which is likely to be a key [different] in a basically non-economically motivated activity .

Another variable to be considered , as already pointed out , would be social characteristics , and Settle ( 1980 ) has used both multiple regression analysis and the so-called ‘ linear logistic model ’ to produce a close fit between sex , car licences and age , and the number of anglers . This is not the only model to produce a close fit and in conclusion it seems that Lavery 's ( 1975 , 198 ) assessment of the use of models in forecasting recreation demand is still very relevant for the mid to late 1980s :
another [different] to be considered , as already pointed out , would be social characteristics , and settle ( 1980 ) has used both multiple regression analysis and the so-called ‘ linear logistic model ’ to produce a close fit between sex , car licences and age , and the number of anglers . this is not the only model to produce a close fit and in conclusion it seems that lavery 's ( 1975 , 198 ) assessment of the use of models in forecasting recreation demand is still very relevant for the mid to late 1980s :

Sex has also been an important variable because mortality rates for women have declined faster than those for men .
sex has also been an important [different] because mortality rates for women have declined faster than those for men .

The inner lines are of two kinds : a brush-stroke of variable thickness and employed with colour of varied dilution , from full black to a thin golden brown also sometimes used for washes ; and the so called relief-line .
the inner lines are of two kinds : a brush-stroke of [different] thickness and employed with colour of varied dilution , from full black to a thin golden brown also sometimes used for washes ; and the so called relief-line .

That tenure is an even more powerful variable for population analysis is shown by looking at its relationship to the factors associated with household dissolution , mortality and marital breakdown .
that tenure is an even more powerful [different] for population analysis is shown by looking at its relationship to the factors associated with household dissolution , mortality and marital breakdown .

Meanwhile the abstraction of an ‘ aesthetic instinct ’ , isolated from its conditions and from other relationships , has , while often coming nearer to the work , suppressed the whole problem of connected but variable practices .
meanwhile the abstraction of an ‘ aesthetic instinct ’ , isolated from its conditions and from other relationships , has , while often coming nearer to the work , suppressed the whole problem of connected but [different] practices .

We have then to look in detail at the ways in which relatively constant biological processes and relatively variable means of production have combined both in specifically comparable and in specifically variable ways , always within specific social ( historico-social ) situations .
we have then to look in detail at the ways in which relatively constant biological processes and relatively [different] means of production have combined both in specifically comparable and in specifically [different] ways , always within specific social ( historico-social ) situations .

We can propose as an initial distinction the following : on the one hand the variable relations between ‘ cultural producers ’ ( a deliberately neutral if abstract term ) and recognizable social institutions ; on the other hand , the variable relations in which ‘ cultural producers ’ have been organized or have organized themselves , their formations .
we can propose as an initial distinction the following : on the one hand the [different] relations between ‘ cultural producers ’ ( a deliberately neutral if abstract term ) and recognizable social institutions ; on the other hand , the [different] relations in which ‘ cultural producers ’ have been organized or have organized themselves , their formations .

But the real social relations were always more complex and variable .
but the real social relations were always more complex and [different] .

Each of these later terms implies an act of variable social choice : deciding to recognize a poet or poets ; deciding to act as patron to them .
each of these later terms implies an act of [different] social choice : deciding to recognize a poet or poets ; deciding to act as patron to them .

The distinction can be interestingly explored in relation to the very large amount of art — painting , sculpture , architecture , music and ( in a different sense ) literature produced within the variable social relations of the Christian church .
the distinction can be interestingly explored in relation to the very large amount of art — painting , sculpture , architecture , music and ( in a different sense ) literature produced within the [different] social relations of the christian church .

For while the immediate economic relations were often similar , as the specific form of patronal exchange , the full social relations can be seen as variable , once the fact of willing and independent service of a social and religious-kind is admitted .
for while the immediate economic relations were often similar , as the specific form of patronal exchange , the full social relations can be seen as [different] , once the fact of willing and independent service of a social and religious-kind is admitted .

But the social relations of artists involved partly or wholly in commodity production are in fact highly variable .
but the social relations of artists involved partly or wholly in commodity production are in fact highly [different] .

Indeed the phases seem to be variable between specific arts .
indeed the phases seem to be [different] between specific arts .

We can attach variable importance to either factor , in each individual case , but in their outcome they are often inextricably fused .
we can attach [different] importance to either factor , in each individual case , but in their outcome they are often inextricably fused .

It is when we turn to practices based ( in whole or in part ) on the use or transformation of non-human material objects and forces that the social relations become much more complex and variable . We can begin with a preliminary distinction of types of such practice , as follows :
it is when we turn to practices based ( in whole or in part ) on the use or transformation of non-human material objects and forces that the social relations become much more complex and [different] . we can begin with a preliminary distinction of types of such practice , as follows :

With this diversity , extended distribution and mobility , came new forms and opportunities of artistic and cultural independence ; or , to put it more strictly , forms of direct dependence , within relatively monopolistic social and cultural reproduction , were modified and sometimes replaced by forms of more variable dependence on more diverse modes of such reproduction , and within this diversity there was some significant innovation .
with this diversity , extended distribution and mobility , came new forms and opportunities of artistic and cultural independence ; or , to put it more strictly , forms of direct dependence , within relatively monopolistic social and cultural reproduction , were modified and sometimes replaced by forms of more [different] dependence on more diverse modes of such reproduction , and within this diversity there was some significant innovation .

The most important theoretical indication , from this series and complex of changes , is that of the variable degrees of symmetry between cultural production and general social and cultural reproduction .
the most important theoretical indication , from this series and complex of changes , is that of the [different] degrees of symmetry between cultural production and general social and cultural reproduction .

Many of the most important problems of the social relations of culture take their origin from the appearance of this effective if always variable asymmetry .
many of the most important problems of the social relations of culture take their origin from the appearance of this effective if always [different] asymmetry .

The point at which this crucial relation is reached is very variable , in different societies , but we are reminded , everywhere , of the decisive distinctions between a technical invention , a technology and the social relations within which technologies can alone operate .
the point at which this crucial relation is reached is very [different] , in different societies , but we are reminded , everywhere , of the decisive distinctions between a technical invention , a technology and the social relations within which technologies can alone operate .

For , if in variable ways , the new technologies of cinema , sound broadcasting , sound discs and cassettes , television , video cassettes and tape recorders all embody systems of access which are direct at least in the sense that they are culturally available within normal social development , without any form of selective cultural training .
for , if in [different] ways , the new technologies of cinema , sound broadcasting , sound discs and cassettes , television , video cassettes and tape recorders all embody systems of access which are direct at least in the sense that they are culturally available within normal social development , without any form of selective cultural training .

The distinctions between art and non-art , or between aesthetic and other intentions and responses , as well as those more flexible distinctions by which elements of a process , or intentions and responses , are seen , in real cases , as predominant or subordinate , can then be seen as they historically are : as variable social forms within which the relevant practices are perceived and organized .
the distinctions between art and non-art , or between aesthetic and other intentions and responses , as well as those more flexible distinctions by which elements of a process , or intentions and responses , are seen , in real cases , as predominant or subordinate , can then be seen as they historically are : as [different] social forms within which the relevant practices are perceived and organized .

At the margins of the practice , and especially in unfamiliar kinds of work , these variable reactions between the signal and actual responses are quite common .
at the margins of the practice , and especially in unfamiliar kinds of work , these [different] reactions between the signal and actual responses are quite common .

The reiterated formalities of ritual had been replaced by the specific and ( even on the same themes ) consciously variable compositions of words and actions by individual dramatists .
the reiterated formalities of ritual had been replaced by the specific and ( even on the same themes ) consciously [different] compositions of words and actions by individual dramatists .

Here , gravity was variable .
here , gravity was [different] .

Because assessments of the spirit of community depend so much on highly variable subjective preferences and values , which may fluctuate according to the individual and the village concerned and even to the mood of the individual at a particular time , it is virtually impossible to generalize about whether there has or has not been a perceptible ‘ decline of community ’ in the English village .
because assessments of the spirit of community depend so much on highly [different] subjective preferences and values , which may fluctuate according to the individual and the village concerned and even to the mood of the individual at a particular time , it is virtually impossible to generalize about whether there has or has not been a perceptible ‘ decline of community ’ in the english village .

The result is that once those who are unable to purchase have negotiated their way through the labyrinthine and highly variable eligibility rules to achieve a place on a council housing waiting list , they join a queue which is growing at a faster rate than addition to the council housing stock and which in some cases even exceeds the total number of families housed by the district council .
the result is that once those who are unable to purchase have negotiated their way through the labyrinthine and highly [different] eligibility rules to achieve a place on a council housing waiting list , they join a queue which is growing at a faster rate than addition to the council housing stock and which in some cases even exceeds the total number of families housed by the district council .

These constraints limit and shape corporate power , but the discretion that lies within them , although variable , is nevertheless real .
these constraints limit and shape corporate power , but the discretion that lies within them , although [different] , is nevertheless real .

In such circumstances by colluding or in virtue of the structural properties of oligopolistic markets companies are able to obtain variable degrees of protection from competitive pressures .
in such circumstances by colluding or in virtue of the structural properties of oligopolistic markets companies are able to obtain [different] degrees of protection from competitive pressures .

The strength of union bargaining power is , however , variable , being dependent on such factors as levels of unionisation , the regulatory controls to which unions are required to conform , the ease with which the employer can transfer operations to another country , and not least the state of the employment market .
the strength of union bargaining power is , however , [different] , being dependent on such factors as levels of unionisation , the regulatory controls to which unions are required to conform , the ease with which the employer can transfer operations to another country , and not least the state of the employment market .

It can be applied to variable-length records by padding or the use of fixed-length buckets for variable records , as discussed previously .
it can be applied to variable-length records by padding or the use of fixed-length buckets for [different] records , as discussed previously .

Because there are fewer runs of keys than separate keys , the results of division are likely to be more variable than those of genuine randomization .
because there are fewer runs of keys than separate keys , the results of division are likely to be more [different] than those of genuine randomization .

In general , end-folding does not achieve such good results , but this illustrates how — with a very small ‘ file ’ and key size — results can be variable .
in general , end-folding does not achieve such good results , but this illustrates how — with a very small ‘ file ’ and key size — results can be [different] .

Search the high-level indexes ( a variable search time )
search the high-level indexes ( a [different] search time )

Search the overflow area ( a variable search time ) .
search the overflow area ( a [different] search time ) .

Random insertions were found to be variable in their effect on timing .
random insertions were found to be [different] in their effect on timing .

The variable quality of both production and music in outside broadcasts from churches , together with budgetary limitations , means that they are almost wholly precluded .
the [different] quality of both production and music in outside broadcasts from churches , together with budgetary limitations , means that they are almost wholly precluded .

As the language system is the focus of our study here , we start with the idea of the linguistic variable ( for example the vowel /a/ in such items as cat , bad , have ) , and our first task is to discover what the possible variants of a variable may be : subsequently , the quantitative distribution of linguistic variants may be demonstrated by reference to the familiar speaker-variables of social dialectology , such as age and sex of speaker .
as the language system is the focus of our study here , we start with the idea of the linguistic [different] ( for example the vowel /a/ in such items as cat , bad , have ) , and our first task is to discover what the possible variants of a [different] may be : subsequently , the quantitative distribution of linguistic variants may be demonstrated by reference to the familiar speaker-variables of social dialectology , such as age and sex of speaker .

But it is clear that the data collected in close investigations of live speech communities are much richer than the data preserved from early language states , and they are observable in a larger number of dimensions and at a much finer level of detail ; thus , the patterns revealed in systematic investigations of live communities appear to the observer as much more variable and multidimensional than historical patterns ( as these are usually reported ) .
but it is clear that the data collected in close investigations of live speech communities are much richer than the data preserved from early language states , and they are observable in a larger number of dimensions and at a much finer level of detail ; thus , the patterns revealed in systematic investigations of live communities appear to the observer as much more [different] and multidimensional than historical patterns ( as these are usually reported ) .

That is to say , the variation is not necessarily patterned in one single linguistic dimension ( for example , it does not necessarily move in a single phonetic direction : it may diverge in two or more directions ) , nor does it necessarily display a unilinear or unidirectional pattern in terms of any independent ‘ social ’ variable : on the contrary , the patterns shown in relation to different social variables may conflict and interact in a variety of ways .
that is to say , the variation is not necessarily patterned in one single linguistic dimension ( for example , it does not necessarily move in a single phonetic direction : it may diverge in two or more directions ) , nor does it necessarily display a unilinear or unidirectional pattern in terms of any independent ‘ social ’ [different] : on the contrary , the patterns shown in relation to different social variables may conflict and interact in a variety of ways .

For example , some states that can be easily identified are bilingual or multilingual , others can be viewed as bidialectal , and yet others as monodialectal ( but still variable ) .
for example , some states that can be easily identified are bilingual or multilingual , others can be viewed as bidialectal , and yet others as monodialectal ( but still [different] ) .

But we do not claim that we have reached the ‘ vernacular ’ , or the most casual of possible styles , for any informant ( although some reports on our work have stated that we have ) : we merely claim that our data is rich and variable enough to enable us to classify styles on the stylistic continuum in an extremely well motivated way .
but we do not claim that we have reached the ‘ vernacular ’ , or the most casual of possible styles , for any informant ( although some reports on our work have stated that we have ) : we merely claim that our data is rich and [different] enough to enable us to classify styles on the stylistic continuum in an extremely well motivated way .

The result of all this is that because of the divergence of Belfast English from other varieties and the internal divergence within it , we do not know beforehand what is the correct lexical input to any phonological variable , we do not necessarily know what the variants of the variable are , and we may not be at all certain about what precisely might count as a variable .
the result of all this is that because of the divergence of belfast english from other varieties and the internal divergence within it , we do not know beforehand what is the correct lexical input to any phonological [different] , we do not necessarily know what the variants of the [different] are , and we may not be at all certain about what precisely might count as a [different] .

As there is probably a large number of variables that might be socially interesting , it is necessary to select a representative sub-sample of different types of variable in a well-motivated way , and to specify the range of potential linguistic variation that lexical items in these sets may undergo .
as there is probably a large number of variables that might be socially interesting , it is necessary to select a representative sub-sample of different types of [different] in a well-motivated way , and to specify the range of potential linguistic variation that lexical items in these sets may undergo .

Figure 3.5 Percentage low vowel in variable monosyllables and prefixed and inflected disyllables .
figure 3.5 percentage low vowel in [different] monosyllables and prefixed and inflected disyllables .

Therefore , as it takes a considerable amount of time to scan the tapes looking for rarely occurring variants , we have selected one particular variable of this kind , which we call meat/mate , and have studied this quantitatively outside the main projects in a different way .
therefore , as it takes a considerable amount of time to scan the tapes looking for rarely occurring variants , we have selected one particular [different] of this kind , which we call meat/mate , and have studied this quantitatively outside the main projects in a different way .

We are not primarily concerned here with the distribution of this variable through the range of speaker-groups and styles , mainly because this is quite evident from our tape-recordings before we start , and without formal quantification .
we are not primarily concerned here with the distribution of this [different] through the range of speaker-groups and styles , mainly because this is quite evident from our tape-recordings before we start , and without formal quantification .

Clearly a number of factors that have to do with the history of English ( chiefly the reported merger of meat/mate in the sixteenth century ) , with patterns of language maintenance , and with phonological theory and description , have also motivated the choice of this variable , and we shall return to these in chapter 5 .
clearly a number of factors that have to do with the history of english ( chiefly the reported merger of meat/mate in the sixteenth century ) , with patterns of language maintenance , and with phonological theory and description , have also motivated the choice of this [different] , and we shall return to these in chapter 5 .

The paradox here is that this variable is very difficult to access and would not be accessed at all if our field methods and analytic methods were inadequate ; yet , the variation has strong social meaning within the community .
the paradox here is that this [different] is very difficult to access and would not be accessed at all if our field methods and analytic methods were inadequate ; yet , the variation has strong social meaning within the community .

There was no reason for him to do so because the claims that he wished to make were quite simple ( they did not involve complex interactions of different speaker variables ) , and because in his analysis the same patterns were repeated for every variable studied , tending in the same direction in every case in terms of both class and style ( several classes and several styles ) .
there was no reason for him to do so because the claims that he wished to make were quite simple ( they did not involve complex interactions of different speaker variables ) , and because in his analysis the same patterns were repeated for every [different] studied , tending in the same direction in every case in terms of both class and style ( several classes and several styles ) .

What does this linguistic variation mean , and what contribution can our analysis of variable states of language make to understanding variation and change in language generally ?
what does this linguistic variation mean , and what contribution can our analysis of [different] states of language make to understanding variation and change in language generally ?

We have used social network in two ways within the research : first , as a quantitative speaker variable and , second , as an interpretative category , and its use in the projects arises from our interest in exploring these community norms .
we have used social network in two ways within the research : first , as a quantitative speaker [different] and , second , as an interpretative category , and its use in the projects arises from our interest in exploring these community norms .

The advantage over stratificational social class ( as in Labov , 1966 ) as a principal variable is the universality of the network concept : whereas stratificational social class theory can not be universally applicable to all historical states , to bilingual situations , or to language- ( that is , speaker- ) contact situations ( and all of these are relevant in historical description ) , all speakers at all times have had ties of some kind — weak or strong — with other speakers .
the advantage over stratificational social class ( as in labov , 1966 ) as a principal [different] is the universality of the network concept : whereas stratificational social class theory can not be universally applicable to all historical states , to bilingual situations , or to language- ( that is , speaker- ) contact situations ( and all of these are relevant in historical description ) , all speakers at all times have had ties of some kind — weak or strong — with other speakers .

As it is conceptually so different from the idea of the ‘ peer-group ’ used by Labov ( 1972a ) and Cheshire ( 1982 ) , it is relatively difficult to operationalize social network as a quantitative speaker variable .
as it is conceptually so different from the idea of the ‘ peer-group ’ used by labov ( 1972a ) and cheshire ( 1982 ) , it is relatively difficult to operationalize social network as a quantitative speaker [different] .

4.2 Variable Norms in the Speech Community
4.2 [different] norms in the speech community

Figure 4.1 shows only a difference according to sex of speaker , but as this is quite consistent between generations , it has another quality : it is also a stable variable .
figure 4.1 shows only a difference according to sex of speaker , but as this is quite consistent between generations , it has another quality : it is also a stable [different] .

In a relatively focused community such as Ballymacarrett , therefore , we observe much greater regularity in the patterning of the variable elements than we do in less focused communities , and we may further suggest that the variants used in such a focused community develop a clear and consistent pattern in their social functions .
in a relatively focused community such as ballymacarrett , therefore , we observe much greater regularity in the patterning of the [different] elements than we do in less focused communities , and we may further suggest that the variants used in such a focused community develop a clear and consistent pattern in their social functions .

However , it may happen that particular variables selected for analysis turn out to be especially markers of one of these functions rather than another : one variable may be chiefly a close-tie network marker and another a marker of gender-differentiation .
however , it may happen that particular variables selected for analysis turn out to be especially markers of one of these functions rather than another : one [different] may be chiefly a close-tie network marker and another a marker of gender-differentiation .

In fact , a particular variable may have more than one function , but it is only by a close analysis that treats speaker variables as independent that we will be able to determine whether this is so .
in fact , a particular [different] may have more than one function , but it is only by a close analysis that treats speaker variables as independent that we will be able to determine whether this is so .

In short , the heterogeneity in the system is orderly : it can , in principle , be described in terms of variable rules .
in short , the heterogeneity in the system is orderly : it can , in principle , be described in terms of [different] rules .

4.7 Social Network Structure and Speaker Innovation : an Analysis of /a/ and /Ε/s In addition to the variables of age , sex and status , a further social variable associated with a speaker 's degree of integration into his close-knit community appears to affect the probability of his being linguistically innovative with respect to choice of vowel variants .
4.7 social network structure and speaker innovation : an analysis of /a/ and /ε/s in addition to the variables of age , sex and status , a further social [different] associated with a speaker 's degree of integration into his close-knit community appears to affect the probability of his being linguistically innovative with respect to choice of vowel variants .

This variable is social network .
this [different] is social network .

The variationist account developed so far is built on the axiom that language is variable at all times .
the variationist account developed so far is built on the axiom that language is [different] at all times .

One of the advantages of studying Middle English is that its written forms are highly variable .
one of the advantages of studying middle english is that its written forms are highly [different] .

The prima facie conclusion to be drawn is that in the variable phonology of the ‘ underlying ’ ( East Midland/East Anglian ) speech community , loss of the fricative and merger of wight , white , or close approximation and overlap , had already taken place .
the prima facie conclusion to be drawn is that in the [different] phonology of the ‘ underlying ’ ( east midland/east anglian ) speech community , loss of the fricative and merger of wight , white , or close approximation and overlap , had already taken place .

It is also possible that in this variable phonology there was some tendency to merge final / ? / with /t/ .
it is also possible that in this [different] phonology there was some tendency to merge final / ? / with /t/ .

If developments of this kind were not in some sense in progress , then there would have been less likelihood of the scribe observing precisely this pattern of orderly spelling variation , because , given the variable state of the orthographic conventions known to him , he could have chosen to vary in other ways .
if developments of this kind were not in some sense in progress , then there would have been less likelihood of the scribe observing precisely this pattern of orderly spelling variation , because , given the [different] state of the orthographic conventions known to him , he could have chosen to vary in other ways .

From a variationist point of view , however , this is not necessarily conclusive , as language is variable at all times ; thus , it could be the case that modern [ h ] -ful and [ h ] -less varieties are each equally derived from varieties in which [ h ] -loss was variable — not categorically absent or categorically present .
from a variationist point of view , however , this is not necessarily conclusive , as language is [different] at all times ; thus , it could be the case that modern [ h ] -ful and [ h ] -less varieties are each equally derived from varieties in which [ h ] -loss was [different] — not categorically absent or categorically present .

Frequently , this orthographic evidence for variation in Middle English is rejected not on the grounds that the scribe was literally an Anglo-Norman ( which is what Skeat argued ) , but that uses such as variable h are originally scribal importations from French or Latin usage .
frequently , this orthographic evidence for variation in middle english is rejected not on the grounds that the scribe was literally an anglo-norman ( which is what skeat argued ) , but that uses such as [different] h are originally scribal importations from french or latin usage .

However , the origin of scribal habits is not in itself valid proof that variable use of the conventions in written English do not also relate to variable usages in spoken English .
however , the origin of scribal habits is not in itself valid proof that [different] use of the conventions in written english do not also relate to [different] usages in spoken english .

This is because variable scribal usage is likely to be functional in some way , just as spoken variation is functional ( as suggested in chapter 2 ) , and the most immediately obvious function of an alphabetic writing system is to relate writing to speech-forms , however complicated this relationship may be .
this is because [different] scribal usage is likely to be functional in some way , just as spoken variation is functional ( as suggested in chapter 2 ) , and the most immediately obvious function of an alphabetic writing system is to relate writing to speech-forms , however complicated this relationship may be .

All this evidence strongly suggests that ( h ) has been a variable in English for many centuries : [ h ] -loss may have gone to completion in some varieties at particular times and places , but in general speech communities have used the variation over these centuries for stylistic and social marking .
all this evidence strongly suggests that ( h ) has been a [different] in english for many centuries : [ h ] -loss may have gone to completion in some varieties at particular times and places , but in general speech communities have used the variation over these centuries for stylistic and social marking .

So far we have focused on the time-depth of vernacular variants in English , using ( h ) as an example and treating it as a binary variable ( we have assumed that in such words as hall , hit it is either pronounced or dropped ) .
so far we have focused on the time-depth of vernacular variants in english , using ( h ) as an example and treating it as a binary [different] ( we have assumed that in such words as hall , hit it is either pronounced or dropped ) .

It now remains as a variable rule after /k/ before all consonants except /r/ .
it now remains as a [different] rule after /k/ before all consonants except /r/ .

Ford 's product-led competitive strategy entailed capital investments in high-productivity automation capable of coping with increasingly variable product mixes ( Williams et al .
ford 's product-led competitive strategy entailed capital investments in high-productivity automation capable of coping with increasingly [different] product mixes ( williams et al .

Given this market context and strategic choice , increasing the flexibility of work organization was crucial in an industry in which the relative cost of model change is a key variable .
given this market context and strategic choice , increasing the flexibility of work organization was crucial in an industry in which the relative cost of model change is a key [different] .

Lash and Urry ( 1987 ) , for instance , write of the break-up of ‘ organized capitalism ’ and the development of ‘ disorganized capitalism ’ , in the variable responses of the United States and some of the West European nations to the end of the post-war boom ; Piore and Sabel ( 1984 ) write of a ‘ second industrial divide ’ opening up in societies as a result of the development of flexible manufacturing systems .
lash and urry ( 1987 ) , for instance , write of the break-up of ‘ organized capitalism ’ and the development of ‘ disorganized capitalism ’ , in the [different] responses of the united states and some of the west european nations to the end of the post-war boom ; piore and sabel ( 1984 ) write of a ‘ second industrial divide ’ opening up in societies as a result of the development of flexible manufacturing systems .

Employment relations as a fundamental relation of organizations upon which has been constructed a whole discourse of the determinism of size as a contingency variable increasingly gave way to more complex and fragmentary relational forms , such as subcontracting and networking .
employment relations as a fundamental relation of organizations upon which has been constructed a whole discourse of the determinism of size as a contingency [different] increasingly gave way to more complex and fragmentary relational forms , such as subcontracting and networking .

Studies have consistently shown a relationship between this variable and selected macro-economic outcomes such as the levels of unemployment and inflation ( Clegg et al .
studies have consistently shown a relationship between this [different] and selected macro-economic outcomes such as the levels of unemployment and inflation ( clegg et al .

It has been suggested , for instance , that wages in Japan are determined by mechanisms based largely on profit maximization , while Matsuzuka ( 1967 ) has pointed to the closely related variable of organization size in determining wage disparities , as well as age and duration of employment service .
it has been suggested , for instance , that wages in japan are determined by mechanisms based largely on profit maximization , while matsuzuka ( 1967 ) has pointed to the closely related [different] of organization size in determining wage disparities , as well as age and duration of employment service .

Symbolism , which is always a relationship of evocation , is held in most studies to be a highly variable process which is dependent upon the social positioning of the interpreter and the context of interpretation .
symbolism , which is always a relationship of evocation , is held in most studies to be a highly [different] process which is dependent upon the social positioning of the interpreter and the context of interpretation .

All this is , of course , quite illusory ; the object is just as likely as the word , if not more so , to evoke variable responses and invite a variety of interpretations .
all this is , of course , quite illusory ; the object is just as likely as the word , if not more so , to evoke [different] responses and invite a variety of interpretations .

It is more useful to argue the variable nature of the relationship between the individual and society than to assume a linear evolution towards the autonomous self .
it is more useful to argue the [different] nature of the relationship between the individual and society than to assume a linear evolution towards the autonomous self .

Education , on the other hand , has become increasingly important as a discriminating variable , that is , in terms of the level of education achieved .
education , on the other hand , has become increasingly important as a discriminating [different] , that is , in terms of the level of education achieved .

The final variable identified as important was ‘ residential preference ’ : manufacturing was shifting to more ‘ environmentally attractive ’ areas of the country .
the final [different] identified as important was ‘ residential preference ’ : manufacturing was shifting to more ‘ environmentally attractive ’ areas of the country .

The first approach replied that this was all very well but then how could we ever assess the importance of one variable against another in the overall changes ?
the first approach replied that this was all very well but then how could we ever assess the importance of one [different] against another in the overall changes ?

The restructuring school answered that you could not do that anyway , because the importance of a variable precisely depended on the wider context in which it was operating , but the most important contextual reason was probably manufacturing industry 's need to cut costs in face of newly increasing competition .
the restructuring school answered that you could not do that anyway , because the importance of a [different] precisely depended on the wider context in which it was operating , but the most important contextual reason was probably manufacturing industry 's need to cut costs in face of newly increasing competition .

Todd deems le Play 's schema incomplete , however , because it ignores a further crucial discriminating variable — whether marriage is endogamous or exogamous with regard to the family .
todd deems le play 's schema incomplete , however , because it ignores a further crucial discriminating [different] — whether marriage is endogamous or exogamous with regard to the family .

The concept of incest has been the focus of much anthropological study , and by introducing this third variable Todd is able to identify seven family types , which are listed in table 3.1 Within families where the spouses are determined by custom there are two sub-types : in the endogamous community family , there is equality between brothers in matters of inheritance , married sons cohabit with their parents , and there is frequently marriage between the children of brothers ; whereas in asymmetrical community families the first two conditions also hold but marriages between the children of brothers are prohibited , although there may be a preference for marriage between the children of brothers and sisters .
the concept of incest has been the focus of much anthropological study , and by introducing this third [different] todd is able to identify seven family types , which are listed in table 3.1 within families where the spouses are determined by custom there are two sub-types : in the endogamous community family , there is equality between brothers in matters of inheritance , married sons cohabit with their parents , and there is frequently marriage between the children of brothers ; whereas in asymmetrical community families the first two conditions also hold but marriages between the children of brothers are prohibited , although there may be a preference for marriage between the children of brothers and sisters .

In a later work , Todd ( 1987 ) linked aspects of family structure to another variable — literacy — which is closely associated with economic and social development : the more literate societies are the more developed .
in a later work , todd ( 1987 ) linked aspects of family structure to another [different] — literacy — which is closely associated with economic and social development : the more literate societies are the more developed .

For the second variable — feminism — a trichotomy is used , dividing family types into patrilineal , bilineal and trilineal according to the relative importance of the two parents in the household .
for the second [different] — feminism — a trichotomy is used , dividing family types into patrilineal , bilineal and trilineal according to the relative importance of the two parents in the household .

Work on voting behaviour in Great Britain in the 1980s illustrates this , with the class divide much distorted according to power in the market place , which in turn has become increasingly spatially variable : Johnston and Pattie , 1988 , 1990 . )
work on voting behaviour in great britain in the 1980s illustrates this , with the class divide much distorted according to power in the market place , which in turn has become increasingly spatially [different] : johnston and pattie , 1988 , 1990 . )

The final variable introduced in many studies is discrimination against blacks .
the final [different] introduced in many studies is discrimination against blacks .

Furthermore , the processes giving rise to pollution sometimes produce erratic discharges in which effluents may become heavily polluting , and riverwater is also inherently variable in quality .
furthermore , the processes giving rise to pollution sometimes produce erratic discharges in which effluents may become heavily polluting , and riverwater is also inherently [different] in quality .

So the practice has been to regard them rather unofficially as having been satisfied if there is compliance on about … three occasions out of four , or four out of five , or two out of three — practices are variable from one authority to another .
so the practice has been to regard them rather unofficially as having been satisfied if there is compliance on about … three occasions out of four , or four out of five , or two out of three — practices are [different] from one authority to another .

It is a matter of normal practice in the natural sciences for the human judgement involved in a measurement to be only indirectly related to the variable property which is the primary focus of interest .
it is a matter of normal practice in the natural sciences for the human judgement involved in a measurement to be only indirectly related to the [different] property which is the primary focus of interest .

It has been argued up to now that although word-meaning is in a sense infinitely variable , nonetheless discrete units — ‘ atoms ’ or ‘ quanta ’ of sense — can be identified which at least in some respects are stable across contexts , and which are the appropriate basic units for lexical semantics .
it has been argued up to now that although word-meaning is in a sense infinitely [different] , nonetheless discrete units — ‘ atoms ’ or ‘ quanta ’ of sense — can be identified which at least in some respects are stable across contexts , and which are the appropriate basic units for lexical semantics .

Thirdly , however , the focus on ethnicity as part of the discourse of cultural pluralism and diversity pays scant attention to the highly complex , contextually variable and economically and politically influenced drawing and redrawing of boundaries that takes place in encounters within the minority communities and in relation to white groups .
thirdly , however , the focus on ethnicity as part of the discourse of cultural pluralism and diversity pays scant attention to the highly complex , contextually [different] and economically and politically influenced drawing and redrawing of boundaries that takes place in encounters within the minority communities and in relation to white groups .

Sub-set variable is listed numerically after the base part , with cross-reference to the parent assembly/s .
sub-set [different] is listed numerically after the base part , with cross-reference to the parent assembly/s .

( If there is a unique variable the drawing file is held at the master sub-assembly , otherwise the drawing file is held at the where used file ) .
( if there is a unique [different] the drawing file is held at the master sub-assembly , otherwise the drawing file is held at the where used file ) .

As the content of both variable and made from drawing files ( only ) contain the variation to the base part , to view the complete part both variable/made from and base part files are regenerated .
as the content of both [different] and made from drawing files ( only ) contain the variation to the base part , to view the complete part both variable/made from and base part files are regenerated .

The listing which contains specific variable parts is not stored in the main data base , but is recorded on a secondary storage medium .
the listing which contains specific [different] parts is not stored in the main data base , but is recorded on a secondary storage medium .

Another attribute class used in the example is type variable , parts 9 and 10 being shown in Figure 6.33 .
another attribute class used in the example is type [different] , parts 9 and 10 being shown in figure 6.33 .

Variable parts consist of a base component and variable component , in this case the head and shank of a rivet , the variability being the shank length .
[different] parts consist of a base component and [different] component , in this case the head and shank of a rivet , the variability being the shank length .

To view either part the variable component drawing file is accessed , which in turn regenerates the base component file to present the whole part .
to view either part the [different] component drawing file is accessed , which in turn regenerates the base component file to present the whole part .

Neglect edge effects that is assume no change in the variable along the tube .
neglect edge effects that is assume no change in the [different] along the tube .

By entering reaction time data in an analysis of covariance , a statistical technique which enables the influence of one or more extraneous variables to be taken into account when assessing the effect of the principle variable of interest , De Renzi and his colleagues ( Arrigoni and De Renzi , 1964 ; De Renzi and Faglioni , 1965 ) hoped to control for possible differences in extent of damage between left and right hemisphere groups .
by entering reaction time data in an analysis of covariance , a statistical technique which enables the influence of one or more extraneous variables to be taken into account when assessing the effect of the principle [different] of interest , de renzi and his colleagues ( arrigoni and de renzi , 1964 ; de renzi and faglioni , 1965 ) hoped to control for possible differences in extent of damage between left and right hemisphere groups .

The dependent variable in tachistoscopic visual field studies is usually accuracy of recognition or recall and/or simple or discriminative reaction time .
the dependent [different] in tachistoscopic visual field studies is usually accuracy of recognition or recall and/or simple or discriminative reaction time .

With accuracy of recognition as the dependent variable a left field advantage was found by Hilliard ( 1973 ) , Ellis and Shepherd ( 1975 ) , Jones ( 1979 ) and Leehey and Cahn ( 1979 ) .
with accuracy of recognition as the dependent [different] a left field advantage was found by hilliard ( 1973 ) , ellis and shepherd ( 1975 ) , jones ( 1979 ) and leehey and cahn ( 1979 ) .

Hiscock ( 1977 ) therefore attempted to manipulate anxiety level experimentally and thereby observe the interaction of this variable with the presence or absence of an experimenter .
hiscock ( 1977 ) therefore attempted to manipulate anxiety level experimentally and thereby observe the interaction of this [different] with the presence or absence of an experimenter .

However , evidence ( Humphrey , 1951 ) suggesting that left handers were more variable than right handers in their hand preference for different tasks led Humphrey and Zangwill ( 1952 ) to analyse the incidence of language disorders in a small group of left handers having damage confined to one or other side of the brain .
however , evidence ( humphrey , 1951 ) suggesting that left handers were more [different] than right handers in their hand preference for different tasks led humphrey and zangwill ( 1952 ) to analyse the incidence of language disorders in a small group of left handers having damage confined to one or other side of the brain .

just as left handers are as a rule more variable in their hand preferences , so too are they less completely lateralised at the cerebral level .
just as left handers are as a rule more [different] in their hand preferences , so too are they less completely lateralised at the cerebral level .

Three-quarter-inch cassette formats : U-matic Low-Band — widely used in industry and in institutions ; U-matic High-Band — acceptable for broadcast , better quality than low-band , needs to be transferred to low-band to play back on that standard but will playback on low band equipment as black and white picture of variable quality .
three-quarter-inch cassette formats : u-matic low-band — widely used in industry and in institutions ; u-matic high-band — acceptable for broadcast , better quality than low-band , needs to be transferred to low-band to play back on that standard but will playback on low band equipment as black and white picture of [different] quality .

Experimental measurements from an n-dimensional system are often only of one variable : however , it is possible to reconstruct an attractor from the values of a single variable , as in Figs 2.2–4 [ 13 , 21 , 33 ] .
experimental measurements from an n-dimensional system are often only of one [different] : however , it is possible to reconstruct an attractor from the values of a single [different] , as in figs 2.2–4 [ 13 , 21 , 33 ] .

All the systems considered above contain a cross-term , in which the rate of change of one variable is directly decreased by a term that is the product of two other variables .
all the systems considered above contain a cross-term , in which the rate of change of one [different] is directly decreased by a term that is the product of two other variables .

Pelling 's central idea is that the value of this concept is variable and its use needs care .
pelling 's central idea is that the value of this concept is [different] and its use needs care .

Nevertheless , some groups of animals seem to be much more variable than others .
nevertheless , some groups of animals seem to be much more [different] than others .

The second , and the one usually chosen by the authors , is to grow up a mixture of different species in variable numbers until they show signs of pairing and wanting to breed .
the second , and the one usually chosen by the authors , is to grow up a mixture of different species in [different] numbers until they show signs of pairing and wanting to breed .

Ed 's comment : Test kits can quickly deteriorate with age , and if they do you will of course get variable results from them . Proper comparable testing of even the electrical units requires laboratory conditions and cleanliness
ed 's comment : test kits can quickly deteriorate with age , and if they do you will of course get [different] results from them . proper comparable testing of even the electrical units requires laboratory conditions and cleanliness

This goes back to the very infancy of the cinema , when the camera was hand-cranked and therefore almost instantly variable in speed .
this goes back to the very infancy of the cinema , when the camera was hand-cranked and therefore almost instantly [different] in speed .

Powerlessness as a broad-based variable of disease risk is supported by research in poverty versus non-poverty areas ( Haan et al , 1987 ) ; by occupational setting studies where people have worse heart disease rates if they are lower in the hierarchy ( Rose and Marmot , 1981 ) , or have high work demands in combination with low levels of decision-making control ( Karasek and Theorell , 1990 ) ; and by the stress literature which indicates an association between chronic stress and various physical , behavioural , and psychological health problems ( Kasl and Cooper , 1987 ) .
powerlessness as a broad-based [different] of disease risk is supported by research in poverty versus non-poverty areas ( haan et al , 1987 ) ; by occupational setting studies where people have worse heart disease rates if they are lower in the hierarchy ( rose and marmot , 1981 ) , or have high work demands in combination with low levels of decision-making control ( karasek and theorell , 1990 ) ; and by the stress literature which indicates an association between chronic stress and various physical , behavioural , and psychological health problems ( kasl and cooper , 1987 ) .

Research into the various literatures that define empowerment has also begun to identify ‘ control over destiny ’ as a broad-based variable that may enhance health .
research into the various literatures that define empowerment has also begun to identify ‘ control over destiny ’ as a broad-based [different] that may enhance health .

Psychological empowerment is broader than a pure intrapsychic variable because it measures individual change within one 's social setting , such as one 's belief in one 's ability to act for community change , and one 's belief in the value of group action ( Chavis and Wandersman , 1990 ; Zimmerman , 1990 ) .
psychological empowerment is broader than a pure intrapsychic [different] because it measures individual change within one 's social setting , such as one 's belief in one 's ability to act for community change , and one 's belief in the value of group action ( chavis and wandersman , 1990 ; zimmerman , 1990 ) .

The interplay of class , status and party in the formation of social groups is complex and variable and must be examined in particular societies during particular time periods .
the interplay of class , status and party in the formation of social groups is complex and [different] and must be examined in particular societies during particular time periods .

1 ) sees family income as a key explanatory variable , as this will influence accessibility and mobility , and largely govern the tenure that can be entered .
1 ) sees family income as a key explanatory [different] , as this will influence accessibility and mobility , and largely govern the tenure that can be entered .

In addition , during the early 1980s funds for housing improvement were very much subjected to central government control and were issued in a rather unpredictable fashion , which made the planning of local grants very difficult and variable .
in addition , during the early 1980s funds for housing improvement were very much subjected to central government control and were issued in a rather unpredictable fashion , which made the planning of local grants very difficult and [different] .

Its quality , in terms of amenities and physical condition , has been found to be generally poorer than that of other rural rented accommodation , which itself is often poor ( Fletcher 1969 ) , and it can be very variable , depending as it does on the individual farmer 's upkeep .
its quality , in terms of amenities and physical condition , has been found to be generally poorer than that of other rural rented accommodation , which itself is often poor ( fletcher 1969 ) , and it can be very [different] , depending as it does on the individual farmer 's upkeep .

The picture is very variable but , as might be expected , larger settlements tend to have better services .
the picture is very [different] but , as might be expected , larger settlements tend to have better services .

However , some thought courts were very variable , and that particular courts were ‘ out of touch .
however , some thought courts were very [different] , and that particular courts were ‘ out of touch .

The distance of the cell body from the dendrites is extremely variable .
the distance of the cell body from the dendrites is extremely [different] .

Capacity to learn about associations in the world is clearly of great value in a variable environment and appeared at an early stage in animal evolution .
capacity to learn about associations in the world is clearly of great value in a [different] environment and appeared at an early stage in animal evolution .

In Stuart Hall 's words ( 1981 : 238 ) ‘ there are no wholly separate ‘ cultures ’ … [ no ‘ bourgeois ’ hit-song , no ‘ proletarian ’ industrial folk song , no ‘ petit bourgeois ’ musical comedy , or ‘ working-class ’ rock and roll ] … attached , in a relation of historical fixity , to specific ‘ whole ’ classes — although there are clearly distinct and variable class cultural formations ' .
in stuart hall 's words ( 1981 : 238 ) ‘ there are no wholly separate ‘ cultures ’ … [ no ‘ bourgeois ’ hit-song , no ‘ proletarian ’ industrial folk song , no ‘ petit bourgeois ’ musical comedy , or ‘ working-class ’ rock and roll ] … attached , in a relation of historical fixity , to specific ‘ whole ’ classes — although there are clearly distinct and [different] class cultural formations ' .

Here the mass subject is not treated as abstract but takes concrete and variable forms .
here the mass subject is not treated as abstract but takes concrete and [different] forms .

Partly it resulted from a preference in his subject-matter for concrete cultural and social detail over Adorno 's tendency towards abstraction of social process : for instance , he offered something like a phenomenology of the ‘ shocks ’ inherent in modern city life ; he discussed actual and potential production practices within modern media , derived from his enthusiasm for Brecht 's ‘ epic theatre ’ ; he focused less on the totalities of aesthetic form than on the fluidities of technique , the conditions of production , and the variable nature of reception .
partly it resulted from a preference in his subject-matter for concrete cultural and social detail over adorno 's tendency towards abstraction of social process : for instance , he offered something like a phenomenology of the ‘ shocks ’ inherent in modern city life ; he discussed actual and potential production practices within modern media , derived from his enthusiasm for brecht 's ‘ epic theatre ’ ; he focused less on the totalities of aesthetic form than on the fluidities of technique , the conditions of production , and the [different] nature of reception .

We may talk of such categories as ‘ professionals ’ , ‘ managers ’ , ‘ technicians ’ , ‘ foremen ’ and ‘ manual workers ’ ( and sub-gradations of these ) , but we have to recognise that these terms do not have homogeneous referents , and the degree of real social distinctiveness and cohesiveness of these categories may be highly variable .
we may talk of such categories as ‘ professionals ’ , ‘ managers ’ , ‘ technicians ’ , ‘ foremen ’ and ‘ manual workers ’ ( and sub-gradations of these ) , but we have to recognise that these terms do not have homogeneous referents , and the degree of real social distinctiveness and cohesiveness of these categories may be highly [different] .

One important qualification here is , however , that answers to survey questions are variable over time and the fullest surveys available are now somewhat out of date : one must be alert to the changes since the late 1960s when the surveys of Butler and Stokes ( 1974 ) and Townsend ( 1979 ) were conducted ( these form the basis of the following discussion ) .
one important qualification here is , however , that answers to survey questions are [different] over time and the fullest surveys available are now somewhat out of date : one must be alert to the changes since the late 1960s when the surveys of butler and stokes ( 1974 ) and townsend ( 1979 ) were conducted ( these form the basis of the following discussion ) .

The implications to be drawn , however , are less obvious . Does the sustained militancy of the Russian working class reveal the ‘ law-governed ’ essence of capitalist development and the inevitability of its overthrow , or was the Russian case an aberration , a unique deviant from the norm represented by western Europe ? What was the crucial variable which distinguished the Russian working class from its western counterparts ?
the implications to be drawn , however , are less obvious . does the sustained militancy of the russian working class reveal the ‘ law-governed ’ essence of capitalist development and the inevitability of its overthrow , or was the russian case an aberration , a unique deviant from the norm represented by western europe ? what was the crucial [different] which distinguished the russian working class from its western counterparts ?

Although the regulatory systems for futures markets have generally prevented defaults , the probability of a default must always exist to some small ( and variable ) degree .
although the regulatory systems for futures markets have generally prevented defaults , the probability of a default must always exist to some small ( and [different] ) degree .

Partially differentiating this equation with respect to each of the variables gives the marginal effect of changes in that variable on the spread basis ( π ) .
partially differentiating this equation with respect to each of the variables gives the marginal effect of changes in that [different] on the spread basis ( π ) .

First , parametric significance tests of hypotheses involving price changes ( or returns ) rely on the variable concerned following some tabulated distribution such as the normal distribution .
first , parametric significance tests of hypotheses involving price changes ( or returns ) rely on the [different] concerned following some tabulated distribution such as the normal distribution .

It should be noted that the maturity variable differs between the contracts traded at any moment in time .
it should be noted that the maturity [different] differs between the contracts traded at any moment in time .

In the language of Clark ( 1973 ) , futures prices are a subordinated stochastic process , where the directing process ( also called the mixing or conditioning variable ) is information arrival .
in the language of clark ( 1973 ) , futures prices are a subordinated stochastic process , where the directing process ( also called the mixing or conditioning [different] ) is information arrival .

Clark ( 1973 ) assumed that , given the arrival of information , the values of the consequential price change and volume of trading are distributed independently from each other , and that each variable is independently and identically distributed over a series of information arrivals .
clark ( 1973 ) assumed that , given the arrival of information , the values of the consequential price change and volume of trading are distributed independently from each other , and that each [different] is independently and identically distributed over a series of information arrivals .

For a fixed number of traders , they derived the result that the covariance of squared daily price changes and daily volume is a positive function of the variance of the directing or mixing variable , and this relationship is expected to have a heteroscedastic disturbance term .
for a fixed number of traders , they derived the result that the covariance of squared daily price changes and daily volume is a positive function of the variance of the directing or mixing [different] , and this relationship is expected to have a heteroscedastic disturbance term .

His or her job is characterized by inadequate resources for the tasks by variable and often low public support for the roles and by ambiguous and often unrealizable expectations of performance .
his or her job is characterized by inadequate resources for the tasks by [different] and often low public support for the roles and by ambiguous and often unrealizable expectations of performance .

Similarly , it is not easy to generalize about the balance between central and local government when services are administered locally , and that between administrators and professionals within a particular service is equally obscure and variable .
similarly , it is not easy to generalize about the balance between central and local government when services are administered locally , and that between administrators and professionals within a particular service is equally obscure and [different] .

In some areas Acts lay down clear central powers of control — the 1944 Education Act , for example — but in others the main statutes merely indicate by a variable form of words that the Ministry or Secretary of State of the central department is in the position of ultimate authority and will provide a general overall guidance .
in some areas acts lay down clear central powers of control — the 1944 education act , for example — but in others the main statutes merely indicate by a [different] form of words that the ministry or secretary of state of the central department is in the position of ultimate authority and will provide a general overall guidance .

But the motives that attract people to work within a social service are as variable as the jobs themselves and generalization is not very useful .
but the motives that attract people to work within a social service are as [different] as the jobs themselves and generalization is not very useful .

Clearly point mutations in the D-stem and/or the variable loop have long-range effects on the potential of the tRNA to function as a substrate for various modifying enzymes .
clearly point mutations in the d-stem and/or the [different] loop have long-range effects on the potential of the trna to function as a substrate for various modifying enzymes .

This excluded group , which the supplement categorises as ‘ inadequately described ’ or ‘ unoccupied , ’ and which consisted of approximately 849000 children in 1981 , is reported to have a variable pattern of death rates .
this excluded group , which the supplement categorises as ‘ inadequately described ’ or ‘ unoccupied , ’ and which consisted of approximately 849000 children in 1981 , is reported to have a [different] pattern of death rates .

The point of health service contact for patients with cerebrovascular disease and dementia is variable and dependent on several factors that we did not evaluate — for example , location and progression of cerebral disease , relative dominance of symptoms , etc .
the point of health service contact for patients with cerebrovascular disease and dementia is [different] and dependent on several factors that we did not evaluate — for example , location and progression of cerebral disease , relative dominance of symptoms , etc .

The antecedents of retrospective completion are less clear as this variable was not significantly associated with any other .
the antecedents of retrospective completion are less clear as this [different] was not significantly associated with any other .

Skin po 2 was the only variable to register an alarm , thereby identifying sudden hypoxaemic episodes to the parent .
skin po 2 was the only [different] to register an alarm , thereby identifying sudden hypoxaemic episodes to the parent .

Another risk factor for cervical neoplasia is sexual behaviour : a woman 's having intercourse before the age of 17 was the most powerfully discriminating variable in nearly all the studies where this has been investigated , and a history of multiple sexual partners is an important supporting variable .
another risk factor for cervical neoplasia is sexual behaviour : a woman 's having intercourse before the age of 17 was the most powerfully discriminating [different] in nearly all the studies where this has been investigated , and a history of multiple sexual partners is an important supporting [different] .

On recruitment to the first study 92 healthy subjects rated their mood and performed various tasks ( a variable fore period simple reaction time task , five choice serial response task , repeated numbers detection task , free recall test , delayed recognition memory test , logical reasoning test , focused attention task , and categoric search task ) that have been described previously .
on recruitment to the first study 92 healthy subjects rated their mood and performed various tasks ( a [different] fore period simple reaction time task , five choice serial response task , repeated numbers detection task , free recall test , delayed recognition memory test , logical reasoning test , focused attention task , and categoric search task ) that have been described previously .

For each age group we evaluated a series of prediction models in which hypoxaemia was the dependent variable and selected predictor variables were added in a step wise manner with an inclusion rule of p < =0.05 .
for each age group we evaluated a series of prediction models in which hypoxaemia was the dependent [different] and selected predictor variables were added in a step wise manner with an inclusion rule of p < =0.05 .

In regression analyses that controlled for 10 year age group as a categoric variable the slope of the relation between log e albumin excretion rate and height was 0.005 cm ( -0.002 to 0.013 cm ) in the European men and 0.009 cm ( 0 to 0.019 cm ) in the south Asian men .
in regression analyses that controlled for 10 year age group as a categoric [different] the slope of the relation between log e albumin excretion rate and height was 0.005 cm ( -0.002 to 0.013 cm ) in the european men and 0.009 cm ( 0 to 0.019 cm ) in the south asian men .

The potentially confounding variables of age , alcohol consumption , and medication were controlled for in a logistic regression model , with the binary variable depression versus all other diagnoses as the dependent variable , and systolic and diastolic blood pressure as independent variables .
the potentially confounding variables of age , alcohol consumption , and medication were controlled for in a logistic regression model , with the binary [different] depression versus all other diagnoses as the dependent [different] , and systolic and diastolic blood pressure as independent variables .

Paneth 's scientific background had trained him to note every aspect of every exposure , every detail of the development procedure and the effect which every variable had on his results .
paneth 's scientific background had trained him to note every aspect of every exposure , every detail of the development procedure and the effect which every [different] had on his results .

’ Recording of clinical data was variable .
’ recording of clinical data was [different] .

Birth weight is therefore more reasonably considered to be an outcome variable .
birth weight is therefore more reasonably considered to be an outcome [different] .

On regression analysis with birth weight as the dependent variable and maternal body mass curve , maternal weight gain during pregnancy , maternal age , and area under the glucose curve as independent variables , only maternal body mass curve reached significance as a factor predicting birth weight .
on regression analysis with birth weight as the dependent [different] and maternal body mass curve , maternal weight gain during pregnancy , maternal age , and area under the glucose curve as independent variables , only maternal body mass curve reached significance as a factor predicting birth weight .

Thus the propositional schema `` x is a man `` can be appropriately filled in by inserting a proper name , say `` Jones `` , in the place occupied by the variable , yielding a meaningful proposition whose truth-value happens to be true .
thus the propositional schema `` x is a man `` can be appropriately filled in by inserting a proper name , say `` jones `` , in the place occupied by the [different] , yielding a meaningful proposition whose truth-value happens to be true .

by replacing the `` bound `` variable ( the variable governed by the `` existential quantifier `` ) with an appropriate name , or a naming phrase ?
by replacing the `` bound `` [different] ( the [different] governed by the `` existential quantifier `` ) with an appropriate name , or a naming phrase ?

In the analysis of respiratory symptoms age ( as a continuous variable ) and sex were also included as independent variables .
in the analysis of respiratory symptoms age ( as a continuous [different] ) and sex were also included as independent variables .

The continuous variable weight for height expressed as standard deviation score was adjusted for in the analysis of lung function .
the continuous [different] weight for height expressed as standard deviation score was adjusted for in the analysis of lung function .

Thus a familial component is unlikely to be a confounding variable between gestational age and wheeze in children .
thus a familial component is unlikely to be a confounding [different] between gestational age and wheeze in children .

In urban areas , where the range of health professionals at the primary care level is still variable , a fully multidisciplinary approach to the assessment and management of cases is a valuable means of compensating for the limitations of particular general practices .
in urban areas , where the range of health professionals at the primary care level is still [different] , a fully multidisciplinary approach to the assessment and management of cases is a valuable means of compensating for the limitations of particular general practices .

The changes in specific variables ( such as mobility ) in the types of care between the censuses were assessed by forming cross classifications between the type of care , year of census , the variable of interest , age group , and sex .
the changes in specific variables ( such as mobility ) in the types of care between the censuses were assessed by forming cross classifications between the type of care , year of census , the [different] of interest , age group , and sex .

The result is that men and women inhabit different leisure worlds ; in access to leisure activities , class is very much less important a variable than gender .
the result is that men and women inhabit different leisure worlds ; in access to leisure activities , class is very much less important a [different] than gender .

Yet for the discourse analyst it may be exactly these transient and variable features which enable us to understand the meaning of what is said , and the reason why the order of sentences proceeds in the way that it does .
yet for the discourse analyst it may be exactly these transient and [different] features which enable us to understand the meaning of what is said , and the reason why the order of sentences proceeds in the way that it does .

Office , status , and the possible roles they confer are highly culture variable and may need general discussion with students .
office , status , and the possible roles they confer are highly culture [different] and may need general discussion with students .

So we have given variable amounts of information about the speaker or the hearer or the time or the place as we have discussed different fragments of discourse .
so we have given [different] amounts of information about the speaker or the hearer or the time or the place as we have discussed different fragments of discourse .

You will remember that he thought that contextual features might be considered in the way that general phonetic features are considered : sometimes , but not always relevant , and specifiable to variable degrees of delicacy for different purposes ( 2.2 .
you will remember that he thought that contextual features might be considered in the way that general phonetic features are considered : sometimes , but not always relevant , and specifiable to [different] degrees of delicacy for different purposes ( 2.2 .

The variable which interests us most is that which is concerned with the various roles played by the individual .
the [different] which interests us most is that which is concerned with the various roles played by the individual .

Although the climate is much the same throughout the range of the bellicose termite , the soils are more variable and the species adapts the design of the nests to suit the position and strength of the local building material .
although the climate is much the same throughout the range of the bellicose termite , the soils are more [different] and the species adapts the design of the nests to suit the position and strength of the local building material .

They may alter the predicted times of high or low water by up to one hour , but the effects are much less easy to quantify as winds are very variable and are strongly influenced by the topography of the local area .
they may alter the predicted times of high or low water by up to one hour , but the effects are much less easy to quantify as winds are very [different] and are strongly influenced by the topography of the local area .

It was one of the many coves in Fethiye Bay where you can anchor up while the meltem , the locally variable north-westerly that is both the driving force and the cooling fan of the Lycian coast between May and September , does its stuff .
it was one of the many coves in fethiye bay where you can anchor up while the meltem , the locally [different] north-westerly that is both the driving force and the cooling fan of the lycian coast between may and september , does its stuff .

With its reliable climate and predictable ( but locally variable ) meltem , Lycia is an exciting , but by no means challenging cruising ground .
with its reliable climate and predictable ( but locally [different] ) meltem , lycia is an exciting , but by no means challenging cruising ground .

Recognise that addictive diseases affects different people in different ways and it is very variable in its intensity but that all share the denial of believing that they are not addicted : the crucial test of addiction is not whether one can stop the use of an addictive substance or behaviour but whether one can happily stay off and not be drawn back to it or to something equally addictive .
recognise that addictive diseases affects different people in different ways and it is very [different] in its intensity but that all share the denial of believing that they are not addicted : the crucial test of addiction is not whether one can stop the use of an addictive substance or behaviour but whether one can happily stay off and not be drawn back to it or to something equally addictive .

( 3.2 ) The assignment of a variable 's own value to itself has no effect .
( 3.2 ) the assignment of a [different] 's own value to itself has no effect .

Communication is the only two way parallel processes can effect one another , so one parallel process can not access a variable that another one can modify .
communication is the only two way parallel processes can effect one another , so one parallel process can not access a [different] that another one can modify .

Generally speaking , the scope of a bound variable may be increased without effect , provided it does not interfere with another variable with the same name .
generally speaking , the scope of a bound [different] may be increased without effect , provided it does not interfere with another [different] with the same name .

When a variable is used for inputting , the effect is the same as that of inputting to a completely new variable , and then assigning to the original one .
when a [different] is used for inputting , the effect is the same as that of inputting to a completely new [different] , and then assigning to the original one .

( 6.10 ) There is no point in assigning to a variable at the very end of its scope , since the value given to it can have no effect .
( 6.10 ) there is no point in assigning to a [different] at the very end of its scope , since the value given to it can have no effect .

In our normal form we will insist that if two expressions are both available as outputs on the same channel , or for assignment to the same variable , then they are different .
in our normal form we will insist that if two expressions are both available as outputs on the same channel , or for assignment to the same [different] , then they are different .

In the normal form we are forced to accept only one of these representations ; we choose the left hand one by insisting that pairs of expressions output on the same channel or assigned to the same variable be ordered .
in the normal form we are forced to accept only one of these representations ; we choose the left hand one by insisting that pairs of expressions output on the same channel or assigned to the same [different] be ordered .

The reasons for demanding that expressions output on one channel , or assigned to the same variable , be uniformly ordered have already been explained .
the reasons for demanding that expressions output on one channel , or assigned to the same [different] , be uniformly ordered have already been explained .

Suppose no two of the processes can communicate on the same global channel ( even internally ) , that the list contains each free variable that can be input or assigned to by one Pi and used ( in any way ) in another , and that no has a free occurrence of any of the channels .
suppose no two of the processes can communicate on the same global channel ( even internally ) , that the list contains each free [different] that can be input or assigned to by one pi and used ( in any way ) in another , and that no has a free occurrence of any of the channels .

Because of the variable nature of the factors contributing to manoeuvre-induced instrument errors , it is not possible to give positive guidance as to the magnitude — or even sense — of the errors likely to be encountered during a given manoeuvre .
because of the [different] nature of the factors contributing to manoeuvre-induced instrument errors , it is not possible to give positive guidance as to the magnitude — or even sense — of the errors likely to be encountered during a given manoeuvre .

The work load on every flight is variable and can be increased to an extremely high level on contact with unexpected or stressful conditions .
the work load on every flight is [different] and can be increased to an extremely high level on contact with unexpected or stressful conditions .

The distribution of the five hypermarkets is itself a variable .
the distribution of the five hypermarkets is itself a [different] .

These are an abstraction of real systems or processes which are used to represent the basic variable and constant features .
these are an abstraction of real systems or processes which are used to represent the basic [different] and constant features .

Two main types : ( i ) Operations Research models , which are an abstraction of real systems or processes which are used to represent the basic variable and constant features of the reality , so that its behaviour or process can be explored , explained and simulated ; ( ii ) Macroeconomic and econometric models which may be used at a company level , or at a more general industry or economy level .
two main types : ( i ) operations research models , which are an abstraction of real systems or processes which are used to represent the basic [different] and constant features of the reality , so that its behaviour or process can be explored , explained and simulated ; ( ii ) macroeconomic and econometric models which may be used at a company level , or at a more general industry or economy level .

These future scenarios should permit deductions to be made about the particular environmental variable in view , whether this be technological , economic or whatever .
these future scenarios should permit deductions to be made about the particular environmental [different] in view , whether this be technological , economic or whatever .

Plumage mainly brown , very variable , of limited identification value except for underwing and tail bars .
plumage mainly brown , very [different] , of limited identification value except for underwing and tail bars .

rather variable in size , distinguished from all three curlews by their straight bills and in summer also by their handsome rufous plumage .
rather [different] in size , distinguished from all three curlews by their straight bills and in summer also by their handsome rufous plumage .

Product-costing is still too heavily dominated by a concept of variable costs which is very short-term and defined solely in respect of changing volume of output .
product-costing is still too heavily dominated by a concept of [different] costs which is very short-term and defined solely in respect of changing volume of output .

In such a situation , action is likely to be the product of internal negotiation , with variable dependence upon rational analysis , and one might expect the rational analysis undertaken to have a different orientation according to the stakeholder for whom it is performed ( Hall , 1973 ) .
in such a situation , action is likely to be the product of internal negotiation , with [different] dependence upon rational analysis , and one might expect the rational analysis undertaken to have a different orientation according to the stakeholder for whom it is performed ( hall , 1973 ) .

The depth of the frill is also variable , as with a taped frilled heading .
the depth of the frill is also [different] , as with a taped frilled heading .

The amount of fabric fullness required is variable and although a minimum of twice the length of the curtain fixture is satisfactory , two and a quarter to two and a half times fullness is preferable to achieve a well-balanced , attractive pleating arrangement .
the amount of fabric fullness required is [different] and although a minimum of twice the length of the curtain fixture is satisfactory , two and a quarter to two and a half times fullness is preferable to achieve a well-balanced , attractive pleating arrangement .

The value of the trait ( which might be some such quantitative variable as size ) is measured in the offspring and their parents : if the values are correlated then ( provided that the offspring have not been reared in a similar environment to their parents ) the trait is heritable .
the value of the trait ( which might be some such quantitative [different] as size ) is measured in the offspring and their parents : if the values are correlated then ( provided that the offspring have not been reared in a similar environment to their parents ) the trait is heritable .

However , environments are usually so variable that even if the conditions are good where the animal is now , they probably will not be in a month 's time ; it may then be better to be a hundred miles south .
however , environments are usually so [different] that even if the conditions are good where the animal is now , they probably will not be in a month 's time ; it may then be better to be a hundred miles south .

It is difficult to believe that every time Tinbergen presented a model bill to a chick his activity coincided with a third , unobserved variable that was really signalling to the chick to start pecking ; that would however be possible for the natural observation that chicks peck when their parent arrives .
it is difficult to believe that every time tinbergen presented a model bill to a chick his activity coincided with a third , unobserved [different] that was really signalling to the chick to start pecking ; that would however be possible for the natural observation that chicks peck when their parent arrives .

But if the fundamental variable is altered , so too are the theoretical predictions .
but if the fundamental [different] is altered , so too are the theoretical predictions .

As a result of his comparison of household budgets in 1893 , Henry Higgs commented that good housekeeping was the crucial variable which could actually ‘ turn the balance of comfort in favour of one workman whose wages are much below those of another ’ .
as a result of his comparison of household budgets in 1893 , henry higgs commented that good housekeeping was the crucial [different] which could actually ‘ turn the balance of comfort in favour of one workman whose wages are much below those of another ’ .

Discussing the painting of Picasso and Braque , he added to some general remarks about the return to a more formal and intellectual art his view that a painting by Picasso was ‘ the tangible equivalent of an idea , the image in its totality … Cézanne shows us living forms revealed by light , Picasso adds a material inventory of their intellectual existence , he establishes a free , variable system of perspective … To purely optical sensations he adds tactile sensations .
discussing the painting of picasso and braque , he added to some general remarks about the return to a more formal and intellectual art his view that a painting by picasso was ‘ the tangible equivalent of an idea , the image in its totality … cézanne shows us living forms revealed by light , picasso adds a material inventory of their intellectual existence , he establishes a free , [different] system of perspective … to purely optical sensations he adds tactile sensations .

Many of these ‘ deformations ’ may also owe something to the fact that , as Cézanne moved from one section of his canvas to another , he unconsciously altered the structure of objects in an effort to relate rhythmically each passage of painting to the areas around it.1 But apart from emphasizing the aesthetic or two-dimensional plane on which he was working , the tipping forward of certain objects or parts of objects also gives the sensation that the painter has adopted variable or movable viewpoints and that he thus has been able to synthesize into a single image of an object a lot of information gathered from looking at it from a series of successive viewpoints .
many of these ‘ deformations ’ may also owe something to the fact that , as cézanne moved from one section of his canvas to another , he unconsciously altered the structure of objects in an effort to relate rhythmically each passage of painting to the areas around it.1 but apart from emphasizing the aesthetic or two-dimensional plane on which he was working , the tipping forward of certain objects or parts of objects also gives the sensation that the painter has adopted [different] or movable viewpoints and that he thus has been able to synthesize into a single image of an object a lot of information gathered from looking at it from a series of successive viewpoints .

In the work of both painters one becomes increasingly aware of the fact that they are making use of a variable viewpoint .
in the work of both painters one becomes increasingly aware of the fact that they are making use of a [different] viewpoint .

In the above example , total cost ( ie total fixed costs plus variable costs ) range from £20,000 to about £38,000 .
in the above example , total cost ( ie total fixed costs plus [different] costs ) range from £20,000 to about £38,000 .

By charting in fixed and variable costs , and then showing revenue , it is possible to see the point at which total revenue equates with total costs ie the break-even point .
by charting in fixed and [different] costs , and then showing revenue , it is possible to see the point at which total revenue equates with total costs ie the break-even point .

Labour costs increase from year to year , materials costs and energy costs may be subject to less regular , but sharper , increases ; interest rates may be extremely variable , and hence the cost of financing products fluctuates .
labour costs increase from year to year , materials costs and energy costs may be subject to less regular , but sharper , increases ; interest rates may be extremely [different] , and hence the cost of financing products fluctuates .

An important variable in buyer behaviour is usage rate .
an important [different] in buyer behaviour is usage rate .

Taking usage rate as a variable essentially means segmenting on the basis of volume purchased .
taking usage rate as a [different] essentially means segmenting on the basis of volume purchased .

Variable and strong low-level winds held most of the individual smoke plumes below an altitude of 3–4 km within a few hundred kilometres of their oilfield sources .
[different] and strong low-level winds held most of the individual smoke plumes below an altitude of 3–4 km within a few hundred kilometres of their oilfield sources .

Given the enormous and costly pollution control efforts to tackle ozone pollution to date , these variable ten-year trends are very disappointing .
given the enormous and costly pollution control efforts to tackle ozone pollution to date , these [different] ten-year trends are very disappointing .

It should be stressed that a local authority 's corporate planning is only one variable in securing efficient management within a local community .
it should be stressed that a local authority 's corporate planning is only one [different] in securing efficient management within a local community .

Whatever management structures are created in the interest of co-ordination , ‘ personality ’ remains an important variable .
whatever management structures are created in the interest of co-ordination , ‘ personality ’ remains an important [different] .

These groups have transformed the process of policy-making from rather closed networks of autonomous groups composed of members of the legislature , the executive and groups associated with the iron triangle ' imagery ( referring to a stable set of relationships between a small number of powerful groups , federal agencies and Congressional committees ) to a fluid set of issue networks ' , in which ‘ a large number of participants with quite variable degrees of mutual commitment … move in and out of the networks constantly ’ .
these groups have transformed the process of policy-making from rather closed networks of autonomous groups composed of members of the legislature , the executive and groups associated with the iron triangle ' imagery ( referring to a stable set of relationships between a small number of powerful groups , federal agencies and congressional committees ) to a fluid set of issue networks ' , in which ‘ a large number of participants with quite [different] degrees of mutual commitment … move in and out of the networks constantly ’ .

Because trying to meet this criterion has occupied so much of my research time in the past two decades it is worth spelling out again that to adopt a reductionist methodology in research strategy — that is , to try to stabilize the world that one is studying by manipulating one variable at a time , holding everything else as constant as possible — is generally the only way to do experiments from which one can draw clear conclusions .
because trying to meet this criterion has occupied so much of my research time in the past two decades it is worth spelling out again that to adopt a reductionist methodology in research strategy — that is , to try to stabilize the world that one is studying by manipulating one [different] at a time , holding everything else as constant as possible — is generally the only way to do experiments from which one can draw clear conclusions .

Error comes in if one over-interprets the relevance of these conclusions , by forgetting the artificial constraints of the experiment and instead assuming that in real life , outside the laboratory so to say , such changes involving only a single variable can actually take place ; that it is a simple matter to extrapolate back from the artificiality of laboratory isolation to the complex , rich interconnectedness of the real world .
error comes in if one over-interprets the relevance of these conclusions , by forgetting the artificial constraints of the experiment and instead assuming that in real life , outside the laboratory so to say , such changes involving only a single [different] can actually take place ; that it is a simple matter to extrapolate back from the artificiality of laboratory isolation to the complex , rich interconnectedness of the real world .

In the view of El-Sayed ( 1987 ) , one of Antarctica 's leading marine biologists , ‘ the picoplankton are a very important but highly variable component of the Antarctic marine ecosystem ’ .
in the view of el-sayed ( 1987 ) , one of antarctica 's leading marine biologists , ‘ the picoplankton are a very important but highly [different] component of the antarctic marine ecosystem ’ .

Their penalty for doing so is frequent failure , for polar habitats are harsh and highly variable , unbuffered and unpredictable .
their penalty for doing so is frequent failure , for polar habitats are harsh and highly [different] , unbuffered and unpredictable .

Many species are genetically variable and thus readily adaptable ; many are monoecious and self-fertile , and able to penetrate new areas without completely sacrificing genetic recombination .
many species are genetically [different] and thus readily adaptable ; many are monoecious and self-fertile , and able to penetrate new areas without completely sacrificing genetic recombination .

Mountain sorrel Oxyria digyna and tufted saxifrage Saxifraga caespitosa typify highly variable species ; the colder and more exposed the site , the darker , more heavily pigmented are the stems and leaves ( Savile , 1972 ) .
mountain sorrel oxyria digyna and tufted saxifrage saxifraga caespitosa typify highly [different] species ; the colder and more exposed the site , the darker , more heavily pigmented are the stems and leaves ( savile , 1972 ) .

Less variable was the tendency to concentrate on reviewing and developing some subjects while neglecting others .
less [different] was the tendency to concentrate on reviewing and developing some subjects while neglecting others .

Some authorities have clearly operated a more variable rule .
some authorities have clearly operated a more [different] rule .

This variable , and others approximating to those listed by Thieblot and Haggard , are included in a recently formulated model by Canadian researchers .
this [different] , and others approximating to those listed by thieblot and haggard , are included in a recently formulated model by canadian researchers .

High unemployment is singled out as a second , key socio-political variable : depressed labour markets mean that replacement workers are available , and this could lead to confrontations as they try to cross picket lines .
high unemployment is singled out as a second , key socio-political [different] : depressed labour markets mean that replacement workers are available , and this could lead to confrontations as they try to cross picket lines .

As we are about to discover , this evidence is more consistent with the next body of explanations to be considered in this section — those which emphasise the loss of working-class community as their key explanatory variable .
as we are about to discover , this evidence is more consistent with the next body of explanations to be considered in this section — those which emphasise the loss of working-class community as their key explanatory [different] .

, does the reader seriously imagine he is being ‘ offered a choice ’ and that the work is reflecting life 's variable outcomes ?
, does the reader seriously imagine he is being ‘ offered a choice ’ and that the work is reflecting life 's [different] outcomes ?

Like the pun in The Languages of Love and the concept of a variable reality in The Sycamore Tree , a discursive practice that is devalued and stigmatized in this novel is later used as a tool for exploring the practices and attitudes it represents .
like the pun in the languages of love and the concept of a [different] reality in the sycamore tree , a discursive practice that is devalued and stigmatized in this novel is later used as a tool for exploring the practices and attitudes it represents .

All four employ the variable narrative voice found in Thru , and Amalgamemnon , Verbivore , and Textermination contain metalepses .
all four employ the [different] narrative voice found in thru , and amalgamemnon , verbivore , and textermination contain metalepses .

If a character is not inscribed in the text , but instead a product of the reading process , the status of the entire world the character represents is highly variable .
if a character is not inscribed in the text , but instead a product of the reading process , the status of the entire world the character represents is highly [different] .

We would not wish the preceding argument to be read as suggesting that unemployment is the only independent variable which affects crime .
we would not wish the preceding argument to be read as suggesting that unemployment is the only independent [different] which affects crime .

And , of course , you can make sure you avoid all the highs and lows of variable interest rates by opting for a fixed or capped rate loan .
and , of course , you can make sure you avoid all the highs and lows of [different] interest rates by opting for a fixed or capped rate loan .

However , when you are choosing a lender for a standard variable mortgage , make sure you use the following charts , in conjunction with the details of special deals regularly featured at the back of the magazine .
however , when you are choosing a lender for a standard [different] mortgage , make sure you use the following charts , in conjunction with the details of special deals regularly featured at the back of the magazine .

This society will knock 2.55 per cent off its variable rate for six months .
this society will knock 2.55 per cent off its [different] rate for six months .

Neither will it cost you any more than the normal variable scheme .
neither will it cost you any more than the normal [different] scheme .

This means that your monthly payments are the same for 12 months at a time , unlike the standard variable rate , which goes up and down as base rates change .
this means that your monthly payments are the same for 12 months at a time , unlike the standard [different] rate , which goes up and down as base rates change .

If you want to stick to the variable rate , make sure you specify at the start of the loan .
if you want to stick to the [different] rate , make sure you specify at the start of the loan .

First-time buyer deals usually offer a straight interest rate cut from the lender 's standard variable rate for a specified period .
first-time buyer deals usually offer a straight interest rate cut from the lender 's standard [different] rate for a specified period .

The variable rate , which all lenders charge , goes up and down .
the [different] rate , which all lenders charge , goes up and down .

Your payments are fixed at a specific rate , but you are charged at a variable rate .
your payments are fixed at a specific rate , but you are charged at a [different] rate .

The biggest variable you will find if you are shopping around is price .
the biggest [different] you will find if you are shopping around is price .

During the last six months , the Guild has spoken to a number of representatives of caterers , dieticians , nurses , doctors and , in particular , the Patients ' Association and the College of Health , and discovered that the quality of hospital food is highly variable .
during the last six months , the guild has spoken to a number of representatives of caterers , dieticians , nurses , doctors and , in particular , the patients ' association and the college of health , and discovered that the quality of hospital food is highly [different] .

The Grillmobil has two separate heating elements , both with 12-step variable temperature switches and two stainless steel grids that are removable .
the grillmobil has two separate heating elements , both with 12-step [different] temperature switches and two stainless steel grids that are removable .

Vehicle standards are variable .
vehicle standards are [different] .

Relations between Penda and Oswiu in the years between the death of Oswald and the battle of the Winwaed had been variable .
relations between penda and oswiu in the years between the death of oswald and the battle of the winwaed had been [different] .

Security , high income and ‘ fringe benefits ’ such as paid holidays are seen to characterize the ‘ core ’ workforce , while the peripheral workforce has a lower income , a minimum of ‘ fringe benefits ’ and generally shorter , though variable , hours .
security , high income and ‘ fringe benefits ’ such as paid holidays are seen to characterize the ‘ core ’ workforce , while the peripheral workforce has a lower income , a minimum of ‘ fringe benefits ’ and generally shorter , though [different] , hours .

The essentials of disease are thus … habit and the powers of resistance of man 's body ; the seeds or germs or cause of abnormal action … lastly , the whole process is profoundly modified by a vast concatenation of variable social , personal , external and even economic factors …
the essentials of disease are thus … habit and the powers of resistance of man 's body ; the seeds or germs or cause of abnormal action … lastly , the whole process is profoundly modified by a vast concatenation of [different] social , personal , external and even economic factors …

The minimum number of hours a student could work on language varied wildly , probably because of the variable interpretations of ‘ language work ’ referred to above .
the minimum number of hours a student could work on language varied wildly , probably because of the [different] interpretations of ‘ language work ’ referred to above .

Litter , graffiti , vandal damage , the numbers of children in care , urine and excrement pollution all became more common as the design values worsened within each variable .
litter , graffiti , vandal damage , the numbers of children in care , urine and excrement pollution all became more common as the design values worsened within each [different] .

There were more , doll-sized restraints to prevent the struggles of monkeys in response to massive trauma , sets of electrodes with a variable current supplied by a rheostat , a stock for immobilising a medium-sized dog .
there were more , doll-sized restraints to prevent the struggles of monkeys in response to massive trauma , sets of electrodes with a [different] current supplied by a rheostat , a stock for immobilising a medium-sized dog .

Variable resistances mounted at the two joints provide a varying voltage to the computer which can be connected through an analogue port ; a joystick socket may be enough , given suitable software .
[different] resistances mounted at the two joints provide a varying voltage to the computer which can be connected through an analogue port ; a joystick socket may be enough , given suitable software .

The resolution of the pantograph is limited by the accuracy of both the variable resistances and the mechanical linkages ; typically it is around 5 % .
the resolution of the pantograph is limited by the accuracy of both the [different] resistances and the mechanical linkages ; typically it is around 5 % .

Variable resistors ( potentiometers ) are mounted at the two joints and provide a varying voltage to the computer .
[different] resistors ( potentiometers ) are mounted at the two joints and provide a varying voltage to the computer .

The resolution of the pantograph is limited by the accuracy of both the variable resistances and the mechanical linkages ; typically it is around 5 % .
the resolution of the pantograph is limited by the accuracy of both the [different] resistances and the mechanical linkages ; typically it is around 5 % .

According to his model , individuals are variable and driven by many different motives .
according to his model , individuals are [different] and driven by many different motives .

The market environment of the organisation is an important variable .
the market environment of the organisation is an important [different] .

In its existing form industrialised Britain makes for constantly variable labour needs , and this gives little security to the employees .
in its existing form industrialised britain makes for constantly [different] labour needs , and this gives little security to the employees .

, Cavendish 's second cousin , and comprises twenty-eight compositions : fourteen songs for voice and lute or two voices and bass viol , six more lute songs with alternative versions for four voices alone , and eight madrigals for five voices — a range of performing options which justifies the claim in the dedication that the book ‘ hath in it humours variable for delights sake ’ .
, cavendish 's second cousin , and comprises twenty-eight compositions : fourteen songs for voice and lute or two voices and bass viol , six more lute songs with alternative versions for four voices alone , and eight madrigals for five voices — a range of performing options which justifies the claim in the dedication that the book ‘ hath in it humours [different] for delights sake ’ .

This was achieved partly by a classical series of experiments to study the action of acetylcholine and atropine on their targets ( receptors ) in ‘ simple ’ test objects such as the isolated heart of the frog , and partly by a painstaking and even-handed re-evaluation of the welter of information of very variable quality that was already available .
this was achieved partly by a classical series of experiments to study the action of acetylcholine and atropine on their targets ( receptors ) in ‘ simple ’ test objects such as the isolated heart of the frog , and partly by a painstaking and even-handed re-evaluation of the welter of information of very [different] quality that was already available .

, to suggest in 1802 that the physical variable underlying colour is a continuous one , whereas Palmer 's idea of three discrete receptors is correct at the retinal level .
, to suggest in 1802 that the physical [different] underlying colour is a continuous one , whereas palmer 's idea of three discrete receptors is correct at the retinal level .

If this is what was happening in Marslen-Wilson 's experiment , the really important variable should be where the target occurred relative to the recognition point , rather than where the target occurred within the word .
if this is what was happening in marslen-wilson 's experiment , the really important [different] should be where the target occurred relative to the recognition point , rather than where the target occurred within the word .

These may be fixed or variable .
these may be fixed or [different] .

Their success has , on the whole , been variable to date .
their success has , on the whole , been [different] to date .

a set of elements with variable characteristics
a set of elements with [different] characteristics

Waves certainly erode a metre or so ( several feet ) above the level of the highest spring tides , but the depth below the lowest neap tides at which erosion occurs appears to be much more variable .
waves certainly erode a metre or so ( several feet ) above the level of the highest spring tides , but the depth below the lowest neap tides at which erosion occurs appears to be much more [different] .

Finally , it is not entirely true that the wave is the independent variable and the beach the dependent one , because the form of the wave , at least when it nears the coast , is to some extent dictated by the form of the beach and the immediate offshore bottom .
finally , it is not entirely true that the wave is the independent [different] and the beach the dependent one , because the form of the wave , at least when it nears the coast , is to some extent dictated by the form of the beach and the immediate offshore bottom .

Obviously mean sea level has little to do with the height of the nip , which is more closely related to high tide level , but high tide level is in itself a variable level .
obviously mean sea level has little to do with the height of the nip , which is more closely related to high tide level , but high tide level is in itself a [different] level .

Simple corals are found under somewhat more variable conditions .
simple corals are found under somewhat more [different] conditions .

As with most classifications of natural phenomena the exact forms of which are governed by the interactions of continuously variable sets of conditions , the classification can be as complex as one likes and the only non-controversial classification is that which puts each reef in a class of its own .
as with most classifications of natural phenomena the exact forms of which are governed by the interactions of continuously [different] sets of conditions , the classification can be as complex as one likes and the only non-controversial classification is that which puts each reef in a class of its own .

Which is more important and can we clearly identify the key variable ?
which is more important and can we clearly identify the key [different] ?

Variable periodicity .
[different] periodicity .

We might , but the course itself is not the only variable which can be changed .
we might , but the course itself is not the only [different] which can be changed .

Measurement is the systematic mapping of a variable on to a set of descriptors .
measurement is the systematic mapping of a [different] on to a set of descriptors .

In the termly cycle , a module leader will receive a succession of reports , all with variable selections and sort orders , at predetermined points and on demand .
in the termly cycle , a module leader will receive a succession of reports , all with [different] selections and sort orders , at predetermined points and on demand .

His themes — student control , variable entry , the ladder of intermediate awards , exemption , prior learning and learning contracts — are all still attainable if the ‘ conversion ’ experience of modularity moves beyond the formal redefinition of courses to the genuine ‘ culture of negotiation ’ implied by the best courses .
his themes — student control , [different] entry , the ladder of intermediate awards , exemption , prior learning and learning contracts — are all still attainable if the ‘ conversion ’ experience of modularity moves beyond the formal redefinition of courses to the genuine ‘ culture of negotiation ’ implied by the best courses .

Since the development of schemes was left to local initiative and was dependent upon the co-operation of the local magistrates ' court , national coverage was patchy and the services offered were variable .
since the development of schemes was left to local initiative and was dependent upon the co-operation of the local magistrates ' court , national coverage was patchy and the services offered were [different] .

The narrowness of the region , and its variable position from one eclipse to the next , means that at a given point on the Earth 's surface total solar eclipses are rare .
the narrowness of the region , and its [different] position from one eclipse to the next , means that at a given point on the earth 's surface total solar eclipses are rare .

In line with other research on community-based residential services which has shown generally favourable but variable results , the preliminary analysis of ‘ day in the life of ’ data highlights the importance of staff performance as a key factor in placement success .
in line with other research on community-based residential services which has shown generally favourable but [different] results , the preliminary analysis of ‘ day in the life of ’ data highlights the importance of staff performance as a key factor in placement success .

Thus , these findings support the general interpretation of variable outcomes in community services which is emerging from other studies ( Landesman , 1988 ; Felce , 1988 ) , that it is the combination of therapeutic objectives , the opportunities created by service design and organization , and the amount and quality of staff performance which determines the outcomes for the people served .
thus , these findings support the general interpretation of [different] outcomes in community services which is emerging from other studies ( landesman , 1988 ; felce , 1988 ) , that it is the combination of therapeutic objectives , the opportunities created by service design and organization , and the amount and quality of staff performance which determines the outcomes for the people served .

There is evidence that the current practice of assessment of older people is extremely variable , not only between social workers and other professionals but also between different social workers themselves .
there is evidence that the current practice of assessment of older people is extremely [different] , not only between social workers and other professionals but also between different social workers themselves .

The therapeutic results were variable .
the therapeutic results were [different] .

His circumstances had been extremely variable ; nonetheless , he had received from the generosity of the Philippians .
his circumstances had been extremely [different] ; nonetheless , he had received from the generosity of the philippians .

However some would argue that such definitions are misplaced or misleading since there is an important variable missing from these models , the link between motivation and productivity .
however some would argue that such definitions are misplaced or misleading since there is an important [different] missing from these models , the link between motivation and productivity .

Overlying the bedrock is a highly variable thickness ( between 1 m and 20 m ) of glacial and post-glacial deposits , most of which are heavily over-consolidated and commonly known as ‘ boulder clay ’ or ‘ lodgement till ’ .
overlying the bedrock is a highly [different] thickness ( between 1 m and 20 m ) of glacial and post-glacial deposits , most of which are heavily over-consolidated and commonly known as ‘ boulder clay ’ or ‘ lodgement till ’ .

Borrowings include £98 million [ 1991 £70 million ] which is the subject of interest swap agreements under which counterparties have undertaken to pay amounts at fixed rates of interest in consideration for amounts payable by the Group at variable rates of interest .
borrowings include £98 million [ 1991 £70 million ] which is the subject of interest swap agreements under which counterparties have undertaken to pay amounts at fixed rates of interest in consideration for amounts payable by the group at [different] rates of interest .

It is difficult to imagine how the variable work of only one mosaicist could account for such differences : an explanation which merely supposes one mosaicist applying a number of contrasting methods of laying ( Part 1 , sections 3.8 — 3.10 ) must be suspect .
it is difficult to imagine how the [different] work of only one mosaicist could account for such differences : an explanation which merely supposes one mosaicist applying a number of contrasting methods of laying ( part 1 , sections 3.8 — 3.10 ) must be suspect .

variable quality of draughtsmanship and execution .
[different] quality of draughtsmanship and execution .

Taking another paradigmatic kind of sociolinguistic phenomenon , namely the variable phonological realizations associated with social dialects ( see e.g .
taking another paradigmatic kind of sociolinguistic phenomenon , namely the [different] phonological realizations associated with social dialects ( see e.g .

It might be thought that such social constraints would be likely , simply by being social , to be culturally variable , and thus of no great interest to a general ( or universal ) pragmatic theory .
it might be thought that such social constraints would be likely , simply by being social , to be culturally [different] , and thus of no great interest to a general ( or universal ) pragmatic theory .

Thus the pronoun this does not name or refer to any particular entity on all occasions of use ; rather it is a variable or place-holder for some particular entity given by the context ( e.g .
thus the pronoun this does not name or refer to any particular entity on all occasions of use ; rather it is a [different] or place-holder for some particular entity given by the context ( e.g .

He might for example be led by ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) to suggest that white is ambiguous , for in ( 8 ) it seems to mean `` only or wholly white `` while in ( 9 ) it can only mean `` partially white `` : ( 8 ) The flag is white ( 9 ) The flag is white , red and blue The semanticist who takes the other tack , that natural language senses are protean , sloppy and variable , is hardly in a better position : how do hearers then know ( which they certainly do ) just which variable value of white is involved in ( 8 ) ?
he might for example be led by ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) to suggest that white is ambiguous , for in ( 8 ) it seems to mean `` only or wholly white `` while in ( 9 ) it can only mean `` partially white `` : ( 8 ) the flag is white ( 9 ) the flag is white , red and blue the semanticist who takes the other tack , that natural language senses are protean , sloppy and [different] , is hardly in a better position : how do hearers then know ( which they certainly do ) just which [different] value of white is involved in ( 8 ) ?

The practice is increasingly variable , hence the importance of reading the instructions very carefully indeed .
the practice is increasingly [different] , hence the importance of reading the instructions very carefully indeed .

Applying these notions to the particular contracts in question he decided that the solus system was both too recent and too variable for it to have become part of the `` accepted machinery `` .
applying these notions to the particular contracts in question he decided that the solus system was both too recent and too [different] for it to have become part of the `` accepted machinery `` .

The third criterion ( accurate/up-to-date ) is met with variable success .
the third criterion ( accurate/up-to-date ) is met with [different] success .

It has been assumed that all we needed to know was the effects of the variable rhythms of the language on the regularity of metre .
it has been assumed that all we needed to know was the effects of the [different] rhythms of the language on the regularity of metre .

Grouping is a more variable segmentation of the text than metre .
grouping is a more [different] segmentation of the text than metre .

It is of variable form ( Fig.4 ) , and is a useful preliminary identification character for groups of worms .
it is of [different] form ( fig.4 ) , and is a useful preliminary identification character for groups of worms .

Nematode eggs differ greatly in size and shape , and the shell is of variable thickness usually consisting of three layers .
nematode eggs differ greatly in size and shape , and the shell is of [different] thickness usually consisting of three layers .

In lighter infections , common in older dogs , the anaemia is not so severe , as the marrow response is able to compensate for a variable period .
in lighter infections , common in older dogs , the anaemia is not so severe , as the marrow response is able to compensate for a [different] period .

Swabs of pharyngeal mucus give variable results and repeated sampling may be necessary .
swabs of pharyngeal mucus give [different] results and repeated sampling may be necessary .

Variable names may be of unlimited length and all characters are significant .
[different] names may be of unlimited length and all characters are significant .

Variable names must start with a letter .
[different] names must start with a letter .

It is not necessary to declare a variable as an integer for advantage to be taken of fast integer arithmetic .
it is not necessary to declare a [different] as an integer for advantage to be taken of fast integer arithmetic .

When you create a string variable , the memory used is sufficient for the initial value of the string .
when you create a string [different] , the memory used is sufficient for the initial value of the string .

If you subsequently assign a longer string to the variable there will be insufficient room for it and the string will have to occupy a different area in memory .
if you subsequently assign a longer string to the [different] there will be insufficient room for it and the string will have to occupy a different area in memory .

You can overcome the problem of `` garbage `` by reserving enough memory for the longest string you will ever put into a variable before you use it .
you can overcome the problem of `` garbage `` by reserving enough memory for the longest string you will ever put into a [different] before you use it .

You do this simply by assigning a string of spaces to the variable .
you do this simply by assigning a string of spaces to the [different] .

Integers , reals and strings can not be mixed in a multi-dimensional array ; you have to use one array for each type of variable you need .
integers , reals and strings can not be mixed in a multi-dimensional array ; you have to use one array for each type of [different] you need .

Changing the Loop Variable 2.5.4.2
changing the loop [different] 2.5.4.2

Popping the Inner Variable 2.5.4.3
popping the inner [different] 2.5.4.3

Query as a Byte Variable 2.6.3.2
query as a byte [different] 2.6.3.2

Ninetythree out of the total of 123 keywords are not allowed in upper case at the start of a variable name ( anything may be used in lower case ) .
ninetythree out of the total of 123 keywords are not allowed in upper case at the start of a [different] name ( anything may be used in lower case ) .

The value of the first parameter in the line using the procedure or function is passed to the first variable named in the parameter list in the definition , the second to the second , and so on .
the value of the first parameter in the line using the procedure or function is passed to the first [different] named in the parameter list in the definition , the second to the second , and so on .

When this happens , a `` No such variable `` error occurs .
when this happens , a `` no such [different] `` error occurs .

The integer variable number % contains the value to be written to the file .
the integer [different] number % contains the value to be written to the file .

The parameter types are : On entry to the subroutine the parameter table contains the following values : Except it the case of a movable string ( normal string variable ) , the parameter address given is the absolute address at which the item is stored .
the parameter types are : on entry to the subroutine the parameter table contains the following values : except it the case of a movable string ( normal string [different] ) , the parameter address given is the absolute address at which the item is stored .

If the exponent is not zero , then the variable has a floating point value .
if the exponent is not zero , then the [different] has a floating point value .

Thus , an integer can be stored in 2 different formats in a real variable .
thus , an integer can be stored in 2 different formats in a real [different] .

For example , 5 can be stored as In the case of a movable string ( normal string variable ) , the parameter address points to the `` string descriptor `` .
for example , 5 can be stored as in the case of a movable string ( normal string [different] ) , the parameter address points to the `` string descriptor `` .

The following function sets the print control variable to the parameter passed and returns a null string .
the following function sets the print control [different] to the parameter passed and returns a null string .

Consequently , its only effect is to change the print control variable .
consequently , its only effect is to change the print control [different] .

It is not necessary to declare the loop variable as an integer type in order to take advantage of fast integer arithmetic .
it is not necessary to declare the loop [different] as an integer type in order to take advantage of fast integer arithmetic .

Any numeric assignable item may be used as the control variable .
any numeric assignable item may be used as the control [different] .

In particular , a byte variable ( ?
in particular , a byte [different] ( ?

It can be used to assign a value to a variable or as part of a test .
it can be used to assign a value to a [different] or as part of a test .

If the variable is not separated from the prompt string by a comma , the `` ? ``
if the [different] is not separated from the prompt string by a comma , the `` ? ``

Leaving out the control variable will make the program run quicker , but this is not to be encouraged .
leaving out the control [different] will make the program run quicker , but this is not to be encouraged .

The numeric may be a constant , a variable , or a mathematical or boolean expression .
the numeric may be a constant , a [different] , or a mathematical or boolean expression .

Changing the Print Control Variable
changing the print control [different]

For example , Irrespective of the initial value of the loop control variable and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . For example ,
for example , irrespective of the initial value of the loop control [different] and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . for example ,

The filename can be a variable or a string .
the filename can be a [different] or a string .

If you choose a variable with the same name as the file , you will make programs which use a number of files easier to understand .
if you choose a [different] with the same name as the file , you will make programs which use a number of files easier to understand .

Read from the file opened as `` fnum `` into the variable `` var `` .
read from the file opened as `` fnum `` into the [different] `` var `` .

automatic variable damping with three settings ( comfort , normal and sport )
automatic [different] damping with three settings ( comfort , normal and sport )

Winds will remain light and variable , and this will allow all that sunshine to warm the air nicely , temperatures getting up to a comfortable ten or eleven celsius , that 's fifty or fifty fahrenheit .
winds will remain light and [different] , and this will allow all that sunshine to warm the air nicely , temperatures getting up to a comfortable ten or eleven celsius , that 's fifty or fifty fahrenheit .

The whole idea of variable development charges ( particularly for the depressed areas ) was rejected , and a flat-rate 100 per cent levy introduced .
the whole idea of [different] development charges ( particularly for the depressed areas ) was rejected , and a flat-rate 100 per cent levy introduced .

Although the number of steps is infinite , the whole sequence occurs within a finite range of the input variable , in our case the voltage .
although the number of steps is infinite , the whole sequence occurs within a finite range of the input [different] , in our case the voltage .

Most of the experiments that have contributed to the ideas described in this book fall somewhere between these two extremes , although the proportions contributed by theory and by experiment to the final story are very variable .
most of the experiments that have contributed to the ideas described in this book fall somewhere between these two extremes , although the proportions contributed by theory and by experiment to the final story are very [different] .

An indirect transmission mechanism is where a change in money supply first affects some intermediate variable .
an indirect transmission mechanism is where a change in money supply first affects some intermediate [different] .

This intermediate variable then affects aggregate demand .
this intermediate [different] then affects aggregate demand .

In framing its monetary policy a government must have a clear idea of what the goals of the policy are , which monetary variable it is going to attempt to control and by what means , whether to take a long-term or short-term perspective , and how the policy fits in with other policies .
in framing its monetary policy a government must have a clear idea of what the goals of the policy are , which monetary [different] it is going to attempt to control and by what means , whether to take a long-term or short-term perspective , and how the policy fits in with other policies .

But this time it includes the exchange rate as an intermediate variable between changes in the money supply and changes in aggregate demand .
but this time it includes the exchange rate as an intermediate [different] between changes in the money supply and changes in aggregate demand .

Overall , it is now generally held that the interactions between fruiting plants and birds in both tropical and temperate regions are loose , asymmetric , variable in time and space , non-obligate and apparently inefficient .
overall , it is now generally held that the interactions between fruiting plants and birds in both tropical and temperate regions are loose , asymmetric , [different] in time and space , non-obligate and apparently inefficient .

Although not immediately apparent in studies of ‘ variable ’ plant species , it must be expected , in view of the non-uniform disperser fauna in tropical regions , that wide-ranging species will probably be shown to have such patterns .
although not immediately apparent in studies of ‘ [different] ’ plant species , it must be expected , in view of the non-uniform disperser fauna in tropical regions , that wide-ranging species will probably be shown to have such patterns .

Shifting cultivation is very variable in terms of the numbers of species grown .
shifting cultivation is very [different] in terms of the numbers of species grown .

Volcanoes are highly variable in their morphology and are therefore very difficult to classify satisfactorily .
volcanoes are highly [different] in their morphology and are therefore very difficult to classify satisfactorily .

This last variable is particularly significant as the film of water in direct contact with the mineral surface eventually becomes saturated with solutes , thereby hindering further dissolution .
this last [different] is particularly significant as the film of water in direct contact with the mineral surface eventually becomes saturated with solutes , thereby hindering further dissolution .

The rather specific environmental requirements of salt weathering mean that its action is spatially highly variable .
the rather specific environmental requirements of salt weathering mean that its action is spatially highly [different] .

The cultural variable of costing and benefit management may require careful handling , although experience suggests that approaches to this are usually cyclic .
the cultural [different] of costing and benefit management may require careful handling , although experience suggests that approaches to this are usually cyclic .

Documentation of data is essential for secondary analysis but the quality of what is produced by the data generators is very variable .
documentation of data is essential for secondary analysis but the quality of what is produced by the data generators is very [different] .

The real wage rate is not a variable which can be directly negotiated in the bargaining process .
the real wage rate is not a [different] which can be directly negotiated in the bargaining process .

The second , more questionable assumption is that , even in the short run , capital and labour are combined in variable proportions , that is , that a movement down the marginal productivity of labour curve will imply the employment of more workers with a given number of machines .
the second , more questionable assumption is that , even in the short run , capital and labour are combined in [different] proportions , that is , that a movement down the marginal productivity of labour curve will imply the employment of more workers with a given number of machines .

The assumption of a variable capital-labour ratio implied by marginal productivity theory is more acceptable in long-run analysis such as formal models of economic growth , but it is likely to be inapplicable in short-run analysis .
the assumption of a [different] capital-labour ratio implied by marginal productivity theory is more acceptable in long-run analysis such as formal models of economic growth , but it is likely to be inapplicable in short-run analysis .

In particular , recourse to the quantity theory of money enabled the classical writers to pin down the absolute price level and this , together with a knowledge of the full-employment real wage rate , w * ; , made the money wage rate a determinate variable .
in particular , recourse to the quantity theory of money enabled the classical writers to pin down the absolute price level and this , together with a knowledge of the full-employment real wage rate , w * ; , made the money wage rate a determinate [different] .

The rate of change of money wages is measured along the vertical axis and the excess demand variable , , is measured along the horizontal axis .
the rate of change of money wages is measured along the vertical axis and the excess demand [different] , , is measured along the horizontal axis .

If we follow standard practice in assuming that prices are fixed as a mark up over variable costs and that the rate of productivity growth is exogenous , a modified Phillips curve of the form emerges .
if we follow standard practice in assuming that prices are fixed as a mark up over [different] costs and that the rate of productivity growth is exogenous , a modified phillips curve of the form emerges .

The only variable that they can revise directly in either an upward and a downward direction is the money wage rate , but revisions of the money wage rate will have no direct effect on the real wage rate owing to the sympathetic variations in the general level of prices that they would provoke .
the only [different] that they can revise directly in either an upward and a downward direction is the money wage rate , but revisions of the money wage rate will have no direct effect on the real wage rate owing to the sympathetic variations in the general level of prices that they would provoke .

The expected rate of inflation , , is an endogenous variable , being determined in Friedman 's model by past mistakes in predicting inflation .
the expected rate of inflation , , is an endogenous [different] , being determined in friedman 's model by past mistakes in predicting inflation .

Nevertheless , since only variables which are observable at the end of period t - 1 are admissible into the policy rule , these gut feelings are not allowed to have any direct impact on how , , is arrived at , although they may have an indirect influence through some other measurable variable which is admissible into the policy rule .
nevertheless , since only variables which are observable at the end of period t - 1 are admissible into the policy rule , these gut feelings are not allowed to have any direct impact on how , , is arrived at , although they may have an indirect influence through some other measurable [different] which is admissible into the policy rule .

Generally in rational expectations models in macroeconomics the policy rule generating the prediction for a variable comprises an equation whose determining variables typically comprise both lagged endogenous variables ( e.g .
generally in rational expectations models in macroeconomics the policy rule generating the prediction for a [different] comprises an equation whose determining variables typically comprise both lagged endogenous variables ( e.g .

In a new classical model , rational expectations will have the effect of eliminating many of the ‘ long and variable ’ lags of adjustment of the price level to an increase in the money supply so that the predictions of the simple quantity theory will be fulfilled with greater speed .
in a new classical model , rational expectations will have the effect of eliminating many of the ‘ long and [different] ’ lags of adjustment of the price level to an increase in the money supply so that the predictions of the simple quantity theory will be fulfilled with greater speed .

In economies where there is a history of high and variable rates of inflation , workers and other suppliers will have become adept at the semiotics involved in decomposing price changes into relative price changes on the one hand and absolute price changes on the other .
in economies where there is a history of high and [different] rates of inflation , workers and other suppliers will have become adept at the semiotics involved in decomposing price changes into relative price changes on the one hand and absolute price changes on the other .

An extended treatment of the subject may be found in Clarke and Adams , Rent Reviews and Variable Rents , 3rd ed ( Longman , 1988 ) .
an extended treatment of the subject may be found in clarke and adams , rent reviews and [different] rents , 3rd ed ( longman , 1988 ) .

The buy-out team may consider negotiating variable fees with its advisers .
the buy-out team may consider negotiating [different] fees with its advisers .

Opponents said the plan would have had a variable impact , because of differences in the charges of landfill operators across the country .
opponents said the plan would have had a [different] impact , because of differences in the charges of landfill operators across the country .

Australia 's national research organisation has said that the temperature jump could still have been caused by a natural variable .
australia 's national research organisation has said that the temperature jump could still have been caused by a natural [different] .

Religion is another variable of limited importance .
religion is another [different] of limited importance .

The lens , which is really only part of a compound lens system , is responsible for the variable part of the focusing .
the lens , which is really only part of a compound lens system , is responsible for the [different] part of the focusing .

Area is the important variable for a lung , for it is area that determines the rate at which oxygen can be taken in , and waste carbon dioxide pushed out .
area is the important [different] for a lung , for it is area that determines the rate at which oxygen can be taken in , and waste carbon dioxide pushed out .

Now , the thing about area is that it is a continuous variable .
now , the thing about area is that it is a continuous [different] .

Time is a continuous variable .
time is a continuous [different] .

These can be very variable , partly because many so-called dog roses are , in fact , hybrids .
these can be very [different] , partly because many so-called dog roses are , in fact , hybrids .

John uses a V-groove cutter , so the width of the flute is variable to a certain degree , dependent on the depth of cut .
john uses a v-groove cutter , so the width of the flute is [different] to a certain degree , dependent on the depth of cut .

The ‘ needle ’ like teeth of this fast cut tooth formation have a third cutting angle at the tip , which , combined with variable set , allows swifter yet more accurate cutting .
the ‘ needle ’ like teeth of this fast cut tooth formation have a third cutting angle at the tip , which , combined with [different] set , allows swifter yet more accurate cutting .

Perhaps incest is even more closely a matter of social norms than paedophilia ; its proscription or permissibility has been and is highly variable from period to period and in different sub-cultures within our own country , let alone others .
perhaps incest is even more closely a matter of social norms than paedophilia ; its proscription or permissibility has been and is highly [different] from period to period and in different sub-cultures within our own country , let alone others .

Similarly , family structures , relationships and interaction between members are widely variable between different societies and between religious/racial groups in Britain .
similarly , family structures , relationships and interaction between members are widely [different] between different societies and between religious/racial groups in britain .

Variable gearing changes aileron and elevator forces with airspeed Yaw damper is standard item but not flight limitation without .
[different] gearing changes aileron and elevator forces with airspeed yaw damper is standard item but not flight limitation without .

For example , the equation of motion of a mass constrained by a spring and dashpot is , in the well-known standard form , Here we shall consider as fixed and as a variable ( in practice , a variable spring stiffness ) and for convenience we shall write for ; this is a variable parameter , which may be positive or negative : in the latter case , the motion is a damped oscillation .
for example , the equation of motion of a mass constrained by a spring and dashpot is , in the well-known standard form , here we shall consider as fixed and as a [different] ( in practice , a [different] spring stiffness ) and for convenience we shall write for ; this is a [different] parameter , which may be positive or negative : in the latter case , the motion is a damped oscillation .

For example , suppose we have a measurable quantity f which we have reason to suppose is a polynomial function of an independent variable t : and we wish to find the m coefficients .
for example , suppose we have a measurable quantity f which we have reason to suppose is a polynomial function of an independent [different] t : and we wish to find the m coefficients .

( a ) choose λ as an independent variable ;
( a ) choose λ as an independent [different] ;

But for our present purposes , its interest is that it locates stylistic significance in the ideational function of language ; that is , in the cognitive meaning or sense which for the dualist is the invariant factor of content rather than the variable factor of style .
but for our present purposes , its interest is that it locates stylistic significance in the ideational function of language ; that is , in the cognitive meaning or sense which for the dualist is the invariant factor of content rather than the [different] factor of style .

Returning now to the dualist 's notion of invariant content and variable style , we can retain what is good in this distinction by refining it to allow for more than one level of stylistic variation .
returning now to the dualist 's notion of invariant content and [different] style , we can retain what is good in this distinction by refining it to allow for more than one level of stylistic variation .

Some stylistic features are themselves variable , for example sentence complexity .
some stylistic features are themselves [different] , for example sentence complexity .

The parallelisms are identified as structural repetitions in which variable elements occur .
the parallelisms are identified as structural repetitions in which [different] elements occur .

At present about 30 % of District General Hospitals in the United Kingdom provide such programmes , but the extent and quality of these programmes is still very variable ; probably less than 10 % of eligible patients overall are offered their facilities .
at present about 30 % of district general hospitals in the united kingdom provide such programmes , but the extent and quality of these programmes is still very [different] ; probably less than 10 % of eligible patients overall are offered their facilities .

Professionals speak of this as observing the value of a dynamical variable .
professionals speak of this as observing the value of a dynamical [different] .

The cat was set among the pigeons in 1952 when , von Neumann notwithstanding , David Bohm constructed a specific example of a hidden variable theory which did agree precisely with conventional quantum mechanics in all its empirical predictions .
the cat was set among the pigeons in 1952 when , von neumann notwithstanding , david bohm constructed a specific example of a hidden [different] theory which did agree precisely with conventional quantum mechanics in all its empirical predictions .

In a hidden variable theory , with everything determinate , each electron in the two-slit experiment of Chapter 4 has to go through a definite slit .
in a hidden [different] theory , with everything determinate , each electron in the two-slit experiment of chapter 4 has to go through a definite slit .

For this sort of reason rejuvenated hidden variable theories have not found much acceptance among professional quantum mechanics .
for this sort of reason rejuvenated hidden [different] theories have not found much acceptance among professional quantum mechanics .

The wistful longing after a determinate hidden variable theory clearly remained unassuaged .
the wistful longing after a determinate hidden [different] theory clearly remained unassuaged .

Richardson is not uncritical of his subject or the paintings , particularly the blue period works , and certainly points up the variable quality of the paintings of the earliest years , where fully-fledged masterpieces were mixed in with hastily produced or rather gauchly sentimental pieces .
richardson is not uncritical of his subject or the paintings , particularly the blue period works , and certainly points up the [different] quality of the paintings of the earliest years , where fully-fledged masterpieces were mixed in with hastily produced or rather gauchly sentimental pieces .

It is one thing to concede , as Finnis does , that the determination of the general requirements of justice leaves open a variable content but it is quite another should that concession logically entail that , given determination , any content is possible .
it is one thing to concede , as finnis does , that the determination of the general requirements of justice leaves open a [different] content but it is quite another should that concession logically entail that , given determination , any content is possible .

Bratby combined a talent for self-publicity with a bold but essentially traditional style indebted to Sickert , producing a large body of work of variable quality .
bratby combined a talent for self-publicity with a bold but essentially traditional style indebted to sickert , producing a large body of work of [different] quality .

Professional restorers , art historians and journalists equipped with variable degrees of real technical expertise are currently all equally ready to take up the cudgels in causes of this kind .
professional restorers , art historians and journalists equipped with [different] degrees of real technical expertise are currently all equally ready to take up the cudgels in causes of this kind .

The feminine pattern of crime has the uniformity and degree of constancy which usually attracts the attention of sociologists , yet despite the fact that the sex difference far outweighs any other variable associated with criminal behaviour ,
the feminine pattern of crime has the uniformity and degree of constancy which usually attracts the attention of sociologists , yet despite the fact that the sex difference far outweighs any other [different] associated with criminal behaviour ,

Although Gluckman does not consider the variable of gender , he describes some of the functions of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the selection of leaders , the maintenance of group exclusiveness .
although gluckman does not consider the [different] of gender , he describes some of the functions of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the selection of leaders , the maintenance of group exclusiveness .

Gender was not a variable that Wright Mills considered in his analysis of the social backgrounds of social pathologists ( thus indicating his own low level of awareness about such matters ) .
gender was not a [different] that wright mills considered in his analysis of the social backgrounds of social pathologists ( thus indicating his own low level of awareness about such matters ) .

For variable supplies , several samples must be taken , preferably automatically , so that the extent of any variation can be estimated .
for [different] supplies , several samples must be taken , preferably automatically , so that the extent of any variation can be estimated .

In addition , textile effluents are very variable in flow and composition , so that the treatment process has to be able to cope with all the fluctuations that can occur from day to day or month to month .
in addition , textile effluents are very [different] in flow and composition , so that the treatment process has to be able to cope with all the fluctuations that can occur from day to day or month to month .

Broadly speaking , the established firm would rather price down to average variable cost than leave , whereas the potential entrant would want at least to cover average total cost .
broadly speaking , the established firm would rather price down to average [different] cost than leave , whereas the potential entrant would want at least to cover average total cost .

For example , an input may be priced at above marginal cost in a situation where there are variable proportions in production .
for example , an input may be priced at above marginal cost in a situation where there are [different] proportions in production .

In these cases , the reduction in the firm 's cost is wholly ( or , in the variable proportions example , partially ) a social gain .
in these cases , the reduction in the firm 's cost is wholly ( or , in the [different] proportions example , partially ) a social gain .

, variable bindings , logical rules , hierarchies and inheritance from symbolic systems , and reconstructive memory , graceful degradation , category formation , etc .
, [different] bindings , logical rules , hierarchies and inheritance from symbolic systems , and reconstructive memory , graceful degradation , category formation , etc .

Regarding the results themselves , it can be seen that the performance of definitional overlap across a range of domains is consistently positive but highly variable .
regarding the results themselves , it can be seen that the performance of definitional overlap across a range of domains is consistently positive but highly [different] .

Variable 1 — The complexity of the algorithm :
[different] 1 — the complexity of the algorithm :

Variable 2 — Window Size :
[different] 2 — window size :

Variable 3 — Strong Overlap versus Weak Overlap :
[different] 3 — strong overlap versus weak overlap :

Variable 4 — Definition Length Compensation :
[different] 4 — definition length compensation :

Performance across domains , is however , highly variable , with no obvious pattern emerging .
performance across domains , is however , highly [different] , with no obvious pattern emerging .

This had variable effects on work patterns .
this had [different] effects on work patterns .

They believed , with some justice , that local authorities were better able to provide for variable local conditions than remote central authorities .
they believed , with some justice , that local authorities were better able to provide for [different] local conditions than remote central authorities .

Sickle cell anaemia follows a highly variable clinical course : some sufferers die in infancy from the disabling effects of recurrent crises or overwhelming infection , but others live for a normal lifespan .
sickle cell anaemia follows a highly [different] clinical course : some sufferers die in infancy from the disabling effects of recurrent crises or overwhelming infection , but others live for a normal lifespan .

Expenditure comes under several headings : unavoidable , important , variable and fun .
expenditure comes under several headings : unavoidable , important , [different] and fun .

Saving on variable costs : pay credit card bills in full to avoid interest , particularly store cards where interest rates are generally higher : ask for discounts ; buy rather than rent , and use discount stores .
saving on [different] costs : pay credit card bills in full to avoid interest , particularly store cards where interest rates are generally higher : ask for discounts ; buy rather than rent , and use discount stores .

To ensure that your staff or pensioners are paid the right amount on the day you specify , all you have to do each week or month is complete a special , easy to follow form with such variable payment details as bonuses and overtime , and send it to our computer centre .
to ensure that your staff or pensioners are paid the right amount on the day you specify , all you have to do each week or month is complete a special , easy to follow form with such [different] payment details as bonuses and overtime , and send it to our computer centre .

The argument is not that Protestant religion constituted a primary , independent variable on which science depended , but that , through reciprocal interaction , a higher value was gradually placed on the practical sciences .
the argument is not that protestant religion constituted a primary , independent [different] on which science depended , but that , through reciprocal interaction , a higher value was gradually placed on the practical sciences .

The job losses are the result of the ending of the Sheep Variable Premium Scheme on 5 January , 1992 .
the job losses are the result of the ending of the sheep [different] premium scheme on 5 january , 1992 .

However , you worry about being exposed to the market with the disappearance of the Variable Premium .
however , you worry about being exposed to the market with the disappearance of the [different] premium .

The photos are of variable quality , but often interesting ; the same can be said of the colour plates , which show an extraordinary range of service-specific camouflage clothing and insignia , but are sometimes rather stylised in appearance .
the photos are of [different] quality , but often interesting ; the same can be said of the colour plates , which show an extraordinary range of service-specific camouflage clothing and insignia , but are sometimes rather stylised in appearance .

To rest the whole so-called ‘ cognitive skill ’ of ‘ variable points of view ’ on a single convention is greatly misleading .
to rest the whole so-called ‘ cognitive skill ’ of ‘ [different] points of view ’ on a single convention is greatly misleading .

It is clearly a product of specific circumstances and needs , and it makes variable and often distinctive use of particular language forms , functions and characteristics .
it is clearly a product of specific circumstances and needs , and it makes [different] and often distinctive use of particular language forms , functions and characteristics .

The response to these lists , however , has been also quite variable ( fig 2 ) , ranging from some districts supplying information on over 80 % of the infants listed to one with an 8 % response .
the response to these lists , however , has been also quite [different] ( fig 2 ) , ranging from some districts supplying information on over 80 % of the infants listed to one with an 8 % response .

The fourth variable is energy , and there appear to be two issues here .
the fourth [different] is energy , and there appear to be two issues here .

Clearly , income is an important variable in attempting to satisfy this goal ; it is certainly what most people tell you they come to work to get , even though the number of people actually solely motivated by it is very small .
clearly , income is an important [different] in attempting to satisfy this goal ; it is certainly what most people tell you they come to work to get , even though the number of people actually solely motivated by it is very small .

Attitudes are generally seen to be more stable , opinions more variable , but this is an entirely imposed language rather than a reflection of some inherent stability .
attitudes are generally seen to be more stable , opinions more [different] , but this is an entirely imposed language rather than a reflection of some inherent stability .

If we add expertise as a variable , then the lone expert will far outperform the inexperienced group .
if we add expertise as a [different] , then the lone expert will far outperform the inexperienced group .

Attempts to avoid altered glycaemic control , which is a confounding variable , during the study might have masked a tendency for increased hypoglycaemia with human insulin , but since insulin doses did not change throughout the study this is also unlikely .
attempts to avoid altered glycaemic control , which is a confounding [different] , during the study might have masked a tendency for increased hypoglycaemia with human insulin , but since insulin doses did not change throughout the study this is also unlikely .

Where normality for each group separately was found to be appropriate by using probability plots a two sample t test was used to compare the mean values of each variable of interest between the regulated and random groups .
where normality for each group separately was found to be appropriate by using probability plots a two sample t test was used to compare the mean values of each [different] of interest between the regulated and random groups .

To investigate relations between sets of possible explanatory factors and each outcome variable a stepwise multiple linear regression analysis was used .
to investigate relations between sets of possible explanatory factors and each outcome [different] a stepwise multiple linear regression analysis was used .

Mean arterial pressure was the most important variable to adjust for between the two groups .
mean arterial pressure was the most important [different] to adjust for between the two groups .

Fragmentation of specialist units , with heavy duplication of specialist services among hospitals , variable standards , and some service and research activities that fall below threshold levels for likely high performance
fragmentation of specialist units , with heavy duplication of specialist services among hospitals , [different] standards , and some service and research activities that fall below threshold levels for likely high performance

Actually there are many stars with proper names , but in general these are used only for the first 30 or so , plus a few fainter stars of special interest — such as Polaris , Mizar in the Great Bear , and the variable star Mira , in Cetus , the Whale .
actually there are many stars with proper names , but in general these are used only for the first 30 or so , plus a few fainter stars of special interest — such as polaris , mizar in the great bear , and the [different] star mira , in cetus , the whale .

Double Stars and Variable Stars
double stars and [different] stars

Goodricke realized that Algol is not genuinely variable .
goodricke realized that algol is not genuinely [different] .

It is often called an eclipsing variable , though it should more properly be described as an eclipsing binary .
it is often called an eclipsing [different] , though it should more properly be described as an eclipsing binary .

Other stars are genuinely variable ; they swell and shrink , changing their output as they do so .
other stars are genuinely [different] ; they swell and shrink , changing their output as they do so .

It is easy to draw up a light-curve for a variable star .
it is easy to draw up a light-curve for a [different] star .

The method is to select at least two comparison stars , one brighter than the variable and the other fainter .
the method is to select at least two comparison stars , one brighter than the [different] and the other fainter .

South of Altair there are three stars lined up : Theta ( 3.2 ) , Eta ( variable ) and Delta ( 3.4 ) .
south of altair there are three stars lined up : theta ( 3.2 ) , eta ( [different] ) and delta ( 3.4 ) .

Its leading stars are Alpha or Capella ( 0.1 ) , Beta ( 1.9 ) , Theta ( 2.6 ) , Iota ( 2.7 ) , Epsilon ( 3.0 at maximum ) , Eta ( 3.2 ) and Delta and Zeta ( each 3.7 , though Zeta is variable over a small range ) .
its leading stars are alpha or capella ( 0.1 ) , beta ( 1.9 ) , theta ( 2.6 ) , iota ( 2.7 ) , epsilon ( 3.0 at maximum ) , eta ( 3.2 ) and delta and zeta ( each 3.7 , though zeta is [different] over a small range ) .

Look for the very red N-type semi-regular variable × Cancri , between Delta and the little pair of Omicron and 63 ; its range is between 5.0 and 7.3 , so that it is always easy in binoculars , and is in the same × 7 field with Delta .
look for the very red n-type semi-regular [different] × cancri , between delta and the little pair of omicron and 63 ; its range is between 5.0 and 7.3 , so that it is always easy in binoculars , and is in the same × 7 field with delta .

Once Theta has been identified , attention can be turned to one of the most intriguing objects in the sky — the strange , erratic variable Eta Carinæ , with its associated nebulosity .
once theta has been identified , attention can be turned to one of the most intriguing objects in the sky — the strange , erratic [different] eta carinæ , with its associated nebulosity .

Even more puzzling is Rho Cassiopeiæ , if only because nobody knows what sort of a variable it is .
even more puzzling is rho cassiopeiæ , if only because nobody knows what sort of a [different] it is .

The leading stars are Alpha ( -0.3 ) , Beta or Agena ( 0.6 ) , Theta ( 2.1 ) , Gamma ( 2.2 ) , Epsilon ( 2.3 ) , Eta ( also 2.3 , but very slightly variable ) , Zeta ( 2.5 ) , Delta ( 2.6 ) , Iota ( 2.8 ) , Mu ( 3.0 ) , Kappa and Lambda ( each 3.1 ) and Nu ( 3.4 ) .
the leading stars are alpha ( -0.3 ) , beta or agena ( 0.6 ) , theta ( 2.1 ) , gamma ( 2.2 ) , epsilon ( 2.3 ) , eta ( also 2.3 , but very slightly [different] ) , zeta ( 2.5 ) , delta ( 2.6 ) , iota ( 2.8 ) , mu ( 3.0 ) , kappa and lambda ( each 3.1 ) and nu ( 3.4 ) .

The other famous variable is Mu , William Herschel 's so-called Garnet Star .
the other famous [different] is mu , william herschel 's so-called garnet star .

Much the most celebrated object in the constellation is Omicron Ceti or Mira , the prototype long-period variable .
much the most celebrated object in the constellation is omicron ceti or mira , the prototype long-period [different] .

It was identified as variable by the Dutch astronomer Phocylides Holwarda as long ago as 1638 , since when every maximum has been observed .
it was identified as [different] by the dutch astronomer phocylides holwarda as long ago as 1638 , since when every maximum has been observed .

Here we have another S-type Mira variable , with a period of 407 days .
here we have another s-type mira [different] , with a period of 407 days .

It was the third variable star to be identified , by Kirch as long ago as 1686 .
it was the third [different] star to be identified , by kirch as long ago as 1686 .

Beta is a Cepheid variable , one of the brightest members of its class ; the range is from 3.8 to 4.7 , and the period is 9.8 days .
beta is a cepheid [different] , one of the brightest members of its class ; the range is from 3.8 to 4.7 , and the period is 9.8 days .

The other bright variable is Zeta , a typical Cepheid with a range of from 3.7 to 4.3 and a period of 10.2 days .
the other bright [different] is zeta , a typical cepheid with a range of from 3.7 to 4.3 and a period of 10.2 days .

Pi , somewhat away from the line joining Alnair to Al Dhanab , is an S-type red irregular variable with a range of from 5.8 to 6.4 .
pi , somewhat away from the line joining alnair to al dhanab , is an s-type red irregular [different] with a range of from 5.8 to 6.4 .

Like many M-type supergiants it is variable ; the official range is from 3.0 to 3.8 , but for most of the time it is comparable with Kappa Ophiuchi ( 3.2 ) which makes a convenient comparison star .
like many m-type supergiants it is [different] ; the official range is from 3.0 to 3.8 , but for most of the time it is comparable with kappa ophiuchi ( 3.2 ) which makes a convenient comparison star .

Since it is an A-type star there has probably been no real change , though it may be very slightly variable .
since it is an a-type star there has probably been no real change , though it may be very slightly [different] .

Chi Ophiuchi is an irregular variable with a range of from 4 to 5 ; it lies close to Phi ( 4.3 ) which makes a good comparison star .
chi ophiuchi is an irregular [different] with a range of from 4 to 5 ; it lies close to phi ( 4.3 ) which makes a good comparison star .

Its leading stars are Beta or Rigel ( 0.1 ) , Alpha or Betelgeux ( variable between 0.1 and 0.9 ) , Gamma or Bellatrix ( 1.6 ) , Epsilon or Alnilam ( 1.7 ) , Zeta or Alnitak ( 1.8 ) , Kappa or Saiph ( 2.1 ) , Delta or Mintaka ( 2.3 , very slightly variable ) , Iota ( 2.8 ) , Pi & sup3 ; ( 3.2 ) , and Eta and Lambda ( each 3.4 ) .
its leading stars are beta or rigel ( 0.1 ) , alpha or betelgeux ( [different] between 0.1 and 0.9 ) , gamma or bellatrix ( 1.6 ) , epsilon or alnilam ( 1.7 ) , zeta or alnitak ( 1.8 ) , kappa or saiph ( 2.1 ) , delta or mintaka ( 2.3 , very slightly [different] ) , iota ( 2.8 ) , pi & sup3 ; ( 3.2 ) , and eta and lambda ( each 3.4 ) .

Betelgeux is decidedly variable .
betelgeux is decidedly [different] .

The other leading stars are Beta ( 3.4 ) , Delta and Eta ( each 3.6 ) , Kappa ( variable ) and Epsilon and Zeta ( each 4.0 ) .
the other leading stars are beta ( 3.4 ) , delta and eta ( each 3.6 ) , kappa ( [different] ) and epsilon and zeta ( each 4.0 ) .

In Pegasus itself , the main stars are Epsilon ( 2.4 ) , Beta ( variable ) , Alpha ( 2.5 ) , Gamma ( 2.8 ) , Eta ( 2.9 ) and Zeta ( 3.4 ) .
in pegasus itself , the main stars are epsilon ( 2.4 ) , beta ( [different] ) , alpha ( 2.5 ) , gamma ( 2.8 ) , eta ( 2.9 ) and zeta ( 3.4 ) .

Beta Pegasi , or Scheat , is an M-type semi-regular variable , with a rough period of around 36 days .
beta pegasi , or scheat , is an m-type semi-regular [different] , with a rough period of around 36 days .

To either side of Algol are Kappa ( 3.8 ) and Rho , which is an M-type semi-regular variable .
to either side of algol are kappa ( 3.8 ) and rho , which is an m-type semi-regular [different] .

There are plenty of variable stars in Scorpius .
there are plenty of [different] stars in scorpius .

Delta is a short-period pulsating variable , and the prototype of its class , but as the range is only about a tenth of a magnitude it need not concern us here .
delta is a short-period pulsating [different] , and the prototype of its class , but as the range is only about a tenth of a magnitude it need not concern us here .

The leaders , after Alcyone , are Atlas ( 3.6 ) , Electra ( 3.7 ) , Maia ( 3.9 ) , Merope ( 4.2 ) , Taygete ( 4.3 ) , Pleione ( 5.1 , but rather variable ) , Celæno ( 5.4 ) and Asterope ( 5.6 ) ; Atlas and Pleione are close together , but × 7 will separate them easily .
the leaders , after alcyone , are atlas ( 3.6 ) , electra ( 3.7 ) , maia ( 3.9 ) , merope ( 4.2 ) , taygete ( 4.3 ) , pleione ( 5.1 , but rather [different] ) , celæno ( 5.4 ) and asterope ( 5.6 ) ; atlas and pleione are close together , but × 7 will separate them easily .

Polaris , magnitude 2.0 ( very slightly variable ) is 680 light-years away and 6000 times as luminous as the Sun .
polaris , magnitude 2.0 ( very slightly [different] ) is 680 light-years away and 6000 times as luminous as the sun .

However where demand is known to be variable , for example if a large share of output is exported , any major internal expansion carries the danger of periodic over-capacity with consequent higher average costs just as the market is weakest .
however where demand is known to be [different] , for example if a large share of output is exported , any major internal expansion carries the danger of periodic over-capacity with consequent higher average costs just as the market is weakest .

Like the subcontracting system , group affiliation provides an important adjustment cushion which helps to explain why keiretsu profits are much less variable , if not necessarily higher , than other firms .
like the subcontracting system , group affiliation provides an important adjustment cushion which helps to explain why keiretsu profits are much less [different] , if not necessarily higher , than other firms .

This may be so if the average for all industries is considered , but in the key areas of manufacturing where demand is more variable , the bonus-earnings ratio experiences greater volatility ( Hashimoto 1979 p. 1101 ) .
this may be so if the average for all industries is considered , but in the key areas of manufacturing where demand is more [different] , the bonus-earnings ratio experiences greater volatility ( hashimoto 1979 p. 1101 ) .

Part of the impetus behind these voluntary decisions also comes coincidentally from the Ministry of Labour who argue that rationalization requires a change in ‘ the concept of labour cost from being a fixed to a variable one ’ ( Hamada 1980 p.400 ) .
part of the impetus behind these voluntary decisions also comes coincidentally from the ministry of labour who argue that rationalization requires a change in ‘ the concept of labour cost from being a fixed to a [different] one ’ ( hamada 1980 p.400 ) .

In practice this means that response times will become longer as demand increases , and they will also become more variable .
in practice this means that response times will become longer as demand increases , and they will also become more [different] .

The nine stages of gestation of the unit will take a variable length of time depending on whether it turns out to be an " elephant " or a " mouse " .
the nine stages of gestation of the unit will take a [different] length of time depending on whether it turns out to be an " elephant " or a " mouse " .

Here , performance and practicality may have to take precedence , Several conventions have been created to aid readability and structure , ranging from the use of particular variable names , through the fixing of line numbers for types of routines , to the use of prepared ‘ standard ’ routines from a ‘ library ’ .
here , performance and practicality may have to take precedence , several conventions have been created to aid readability and structure , ranging from the use of particular [different] names , through the fixing of line numbers for types of routines , to the use of prepared ‘ standard ’ routines from a ‘ library ’ .

Consider the concept , common in high-level languages , of the boolean variable , that is , a variable which can take only two values ( true and false ) and upon which the usual boolean functions — and , or , etc.ban be Performed .
consider the concept , common in high-level languages , of the boolean [different] , that is , a [different] which can take only two values ( true and false ) and upon which the usual boolean functions — and , or , etc.ban be performed .

There is an obvious correlation between a boolean variable and a single bit position in a computer word , with one representing true and zero representing false .
there is an obvious correlation between a boolean [different] and a single bit position in a computer word , with one representing true and zero representing false .

Usually only a small number of different operation code field sizes are used , rather than a completely variable field size .
usually only a small number of different operation code field sizes are used , rather than a completely [different] field size .

The allocation of operation code bit patterns to particular instructions may be arbitrary , within any constraints set by the use of variable length operation code fields .
the allocation of operation code bit patterns to particular instructions may be arbitrary , within any constraints set by the use of [different] length operation code fields .

Ascertain that , despite the variable length operation code , a binary pattern is always uniquely decodable into an instruction .
ascertain that , despite the [different] length operation code , a binary pattern is always uniquely decodable into an instruction .

In particular he considered non-Euclidean geometry before Lobachevsky and Bolyai , quaternions before Hamilton , elliptic functions before Abel and Jacobi as well as much of Cauchy 's complex variable theory .
in particular he considered non-euclidean geometry before lobachevsky and bolyai , quaternions before hamilton , elliptic functions before abel and jacobi as well as much of cauchy 's complex [different] theory .

The study of functions was originally an offshoot of the study of properties of curves , geometrically defined , so it is interesting to see how a modern definition of function , expressed in terms of the set concept , is equivalent to what you would , in the case of a real valued function of one real variable , naturally think of as the graph of the function .
the study of functions was originally an offshoot of the study of properties of curves , geometrically defined , so it is interesting to see how a modern definition of function , expressed in terms of the set concept , is equivalent to what you would , in the case of a real valued function of one real [different] , naturally think of as the graph of the function .

In its membrane are embedded a variable number of cervical sclerites .
in its membrane are embedded a [different] number of cervical sclerites .

Support for these views has been sought in the small , variable , pleural sclerites of the Apterygote insects , though recent work on these by Manton ( 1972 ) has cast serious doubt on the subcoxal theory .
support for these views has been sought in the small , [different] , pleural sclerites of the apterygote insects , though recent work on these by manton ( 1972 ) has cast serious doubt on the subcoxal theory .

Situated around the base of each wing is a variable number of articular sclerites which consist of the tegulae , the humeral plate and the axillaries ( Fig .
situated around the base of each wing is a [different] number of articular sclerites which consist of the tegulae , the humeral plate and the axillaries ( fig .

The tergopleural muscles are very variable in development and include the axillary muscles ; the pleurosternals are short fibres linking the pleural and sternal apophyses while the pleurocoxals act as abductors of the coxae .
the tergopleural muscles are very [different] in development and include the axillary muscles ; the pleurosternals are short fibres linking the pleural and sternal apophyses while the pleurocoxals act as abductors of the coxae .

The abdominal ganglia are variable in number ; in Machilis and in many larvae there are eight ganglia in the abdomen but as a rule there are fewer .
the abdominal ganglia are [different] in number ; in machilis and in many larvae there are eight ganglia in the abdomen but as a rule there are fewer .

Success in computation relating to time intervals is highly dependent on a number of factors and there fore is variable .
success in computation relating to time intervals is highly dependent on a number of factors and there fore is [different] .

Evidence from the results of parallel tests with questions differing only in the numbers used showed that test results for individuals can be variable and so produce misclassifications of mastery .
evidence from the results of parallel tests with questions differing only in the numbers used showed that test results for individuals can be [different] and so produce misclassifications of mastery .

Take the variable x to cover any other particular event or condition , or set of events or conditions , which did not occur , such as the completing of an ad hoc electrical circuit .
take the [different] x to cover any other particular event or condition , or set of events or conditions , which did not occur , such as the completing of an ad hoc electrical circuit .

Let us take the variable x to cover or range over certain conceivable events or conditions or whatever — in fact individual properties or sets of them — which in fact did not occur .
let us take the [different] x to cover or range over certain conceivable events or conditions or whatever — in fact individual properties or sets of them — which in fact did not occur .

More particularly , they assert in several ways that values of one variable or parameter are a certain function of values of other variables or parameters .
more particularly , they assert in several ways that values of one [different] or parameter are a certain function of values of other variables or parameters .

This was discussed with Mr Brown and as a result he was given a variable height bed which could be kept low to enable him to get in and out easily .
this was discussed with mr brown and as a result he was given a [different] height bed which could be kept low to enable him to get in and out easily .

And here now are Erato putting out a set whose timings are stingy , whose recording quality is only fair and whose performances are again variable .
and here now are erato putting out a set whose timings are stingy , whose recording quality is only fair and whose performances are again [different] .

The solo and choral singing seem dated now , and is variable in quality , but how vividly the tension and atmosphere of a live performance is preserved .
the solo and choral singing seem dated now , and is [different] in quality , but how vividly the tension and atmosphere of a live performance is preserved .

Some socialisation takes place on an extremely particular level : for example , individual families will in many respects differ from each other and as a result the content of much of the socialisation characteristic of each will be correspondingly variable .
some socialisation takes place on an extremely particular level : for example , individual families will in many respects differ from each other and as a result the content of much of the socialisation characteristic of each will be correspondingly [different] .

The figures on relative shares then become highly variable , depending on factors such as share prices and house prices .
the figures on relative shares then become highly [different] , depending on factors such as share prices and house prices .

The marked inequalities between manual and non-manual earnings is even more significant when one considers the importance that overtime and similar variable payments play in the gross figures of Table 2.3 .
the marked inequalities between manual and non-manual earnings is even more significant when one considers the importance that overtime and similar [different] payments play in the gross figures of table 2.3 .

Unfortunately , the cost of the equipment is not the only variable in the equation .
unfortunately , the cost of the equipment is not the only [different] in the equation .

This system depends on most fertility being marital fertility and on marriage being late , avoidable , and variable in age — until recently the unique property of Western European societies .
this system depends on most fertility being marital fertility and on marriage being late , avoidable , and [different] in age — until recently the unique property of western european societies .

Variable power means that you can adjust the wattage to control the amount of suction — useful when cleaning delicate items such as upholstery and curtains .
[different] power means that you can adjust the wattage to control the amount of suction — useful when cleaning delicate items such as upholstery and curtains .

Those systems are almost infinitely variable , and merely to categorise a system as within the common law or civil law tradition would conceal important differences .
those systems are almost infinitely [different] , and merely to categorise a system as within the common law or civil law tradition would conceal important differences .

We used discriminate analysis for the remaining results , with the primary diagnosis group as the dependent variable and entering the scores for antibody markers stepwise .
we used discriminate analysis for the remaining results , with the primary diagnosis group as the dependent [different] and entering the scores for antibody markers stepwise .

Reactions with carcinoembryonic antigen antibodies such as 228 are variable and not highly specific , although in our series most gastrointestinal tumours ( stomach , colon , small intestine ) scored highly with 228 .
reactions with carcinoembryonic antigen antibodies such as 228 are [different] and not highly specific , although in our series most gastrointestinal tumours ( stomach , colon , small intestine ) scored highly with 228 .

What appears on either side of the male-female divide is extremely variable .
what appears on either side of the male-female divide is extremely [different] .

Variable torque is a useful feature if you plan to use the drill for more varied tasks
[different] torque is a useful feature if you plan to use the drill for more varied tasks

Furthermore , the process may be unpredictable as far as individual yields are concerned because the movement in the prices of financial assets is subject to the variable and uncertain expectations of the market .
furthermore , the process may be unpredictable as far as individual yields are concerned because the movement in the prices of financial assets is subject to the [different] and uncertain expectations of the market .

Unfortunately , empirical evidence rarely leads to the resolution of economic debates , primarily because the economist can not control his experiments in such a way as to isolate the effect of one variable ( e.g .
unfortunately , empirical evidence rarely leads to the resolution of economic debates , primarily because the economist can not control his experiments in such a way as to isolate the effect of one [different] ( e.g .

Although the monetarists claim that there is a direct link between the money supply and money incomes , they do point out that variable and unpredictable lags exist .
although the monetarists claim that there is a direct link between the money supply and money incomes , they do point out that [different] and unpredictable lags exist .

Keynesians argue that the interest rate is the most important variable for the monetary authorities to control , but that monetary policy should be subsidiary to fiscal policy .
keynesians argue that the interest rate is the most important [different] for the monetary authorities to control , but that monetary policy should be subsidiary to fiscal policy .

But they argue that the money supply should not be manipulated on a short-term basis because of the variable and unpredictable lag which exists before prices and money incomes are affected .
but they argue that the money supply should not be manipulated on a short-term basis because of the [different] and unpredictable lag which exists before prices and money incomes are affected .

There would be no need for a choice between economic objectives if they were all uniformly related to one controllable variable .
there would be no need for a choice between economic objectives if they were all uniformly related to one controllable [different] .

However , the grade of baryte is very variable and is usually low .
however , the grade of baryte is very [different] and is usually low .

‘ In this way , by cutting our fixed costs , we can concentrate on controlling our variable costs .
‘ in this way , by cutting our fixed costs , we can concentrate on controlling our [different] costs .

This specific and complex test was required , the experts say , because the Cusiana rock is quite variable , a condition that could not allow for the application of routine technology to asses well productivity .
this specific and complex test was required , the experts say , because the cusiana rock is quite [different] , a condition that could not allow for the application of routine technology to asses well productivity .

The variable steam demand of the hospital is met by carefully regulating the load-using condensers .
the [different] steam demand of the hospital is met by carefully regulating the load-using condensers .

Details of the ‘ variable property ’ should be typed in , along with the appropriate paragraphs of the Buildings section : —
details of the ‘ [different] property ’ should be typed in , along with the appropriate paragraphs of the buildings section : —

Humans live on a dynamic and variable planet .
humans live on a dynamic and [different] planet .

On the other hand , a variable , service-orientated transaction ( such as that provided by an international hotel concierge ) would best respond to recruitment of the right person in the first place .
on the other hand , a [different] , service-orientated transaction ( such as that provided by an international hotel concierge ) would best respond to recruitment of the right person in the first place .

Current research interests include x-ray , neutron- and light-scattering studies of structural phase transitions under conditions of variable temperature and pressure ; the structure of surfaces and interfaces as well as the structure and dynamics of colloidal suspensions .
current research interests include x-ray , neutron- and light-scattering studies of structural phase transitions under conditions of [different] temperature and pressure ; the structure of surfaces and interfaces as well as the structure and dynamics of colloidal suspensions .

Since the important variable in population size is always the number of females rather than the number of males ( because one male can impregnate a large number of females but any female can only manage one pregnancy at a time ) , selective forces determine that the daytime gelada social structure is one in which a single dominant male forages with an attendant group of females and young .
since the important [different] in population size is always the number of females rather than the number of males ( because one male can impregnate a large number of females but any female can only manage one pregnancy at a time ) , selective forces determine that the daytime gelada social structure is one in which a single dominant male forages with an attendant group of females and young .

The factors which permit public bureaucracies to engage in politics are variable in their significance as between political systems .
the factors which permit public bureaucracies to engage in politics are [different] in their significance as between political systems .

The environmental imperative is held to reside mainly in the market context of manufacturing firms and the rate of change as a variable determining the ‘ best ’ structure of an organization .
the environmental imperative is held to reside mainly in the market context of manufacturing firms and the rate of change as a [different] determining the ‘ best ’ structure of an organization .

This decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding variable in the assessment of the subsequent outcome ( operation or death ) .
this decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding [different] in the assessment of the subsequent outcome ( operation or death ) .

The supervision of iron treatment was usually left to the general practitioners and was variable .
the supervision of iron treatment was usually left to the general practitioners and was [different] .

This study is comparatively insensitive , however , for an assessment of the effect of prednisolone because of the one year interval between measurements , the small number of patients given corticosteroids , and the variable dose and duration of treatment .
this study is comparatively insensitive , however , for an assessment of the effect of prednisolone because of the one year interval between measurements , the small number of patients given corticosteroids , and the [different] dose and duration of treatment .

Variable proportions of patients with anaemia are found to have dual pathology and it is impossible to be certain which lesion is the major contributor to blood loss until the lesions have been treated .
[different] proportions of patients with anaemia are found to have dual pathology and it is impossible to be certain which lesion is the major contributor to blood loss until the lesions have been treated .

As can be seen , although the response is variable , all patients showed an increase in titre .
as can be seen , although the response is [different] , all patients showed an increase in titre .

The time interval between surgery and rebleeding was very variable , in one case occurring over four years after the initial operation .
the time interval between surgery and rebleeding was very [different] , in one case occurring over four years after the initial operation .

When age was introduced as a concomitant variable , the differences in absorption of PEGs were still significant ( p < 0.01 ) .
when age was introduced as a concomitant [different] , the differences in absorption of pegs were still significant ( p < 0.01 ) .

The patients with chronic atrophic gastritis in our study had little or no inflammatory infiltrate , whereas all those with duodenal ulcer had a variable amount of inflammatory infiltrate in the gastric antrum .
the patients with chronic atrophic gastritis in our study had little or no inflammatory infiltrate , whereas all those with duodenal ulcer had a [different] amount of inflammatory infiltrate in the gastric antrum .

We did not quantitate respiratory disease or dust exposure in our study , and hence we are unable to assess the effect of this variable .
we did not quantitate respiratory disease or dust exposure in our study , and hence we are unable to assess the effect of this [different] .

The effect of ia serotonin was variable ; however , there was no overall acceleration of colonic transit ( Fig 2 ) .
the effect of ia serotonin was [different] ; however , there was no overall acceleration of colonic transit ( fig 2 ) .

The reverse could also be true , and mental state was actually the only variable which differentiated these patients from irritable bowel syndrome patients who responded satisfactorily to treatment .
the reverse could also be true , and mental state was actually the only [different] which differentiated these patients from irritable bowel syndrome patients who responded satisfactorily to treatment .

The effect of eradication in this study was variable , however , as some patients exhibited appreciable rises in juice vitamin concentrations whereas others showed little change .
the effect of eradication in this study was [different] , however , as some patients exhibited appreciable rises in juice vitamin concentrations whereas others showed little change .

For instance , for a binary outcome variable , such as recurrence of disease or death , it makes little sense to display group means and CIs of explanatory variables such as age or dose .
for instance , for a binary outcome [different] , such as recurrence of disease or death , it makes little sense to display group means and cis of explanatory variables such as age or dose .

More information can be educed from the proportions recurring ( or dying ) across natural groupings of the explanatory variable .
more information can be educed from the proportions recurring ( or dying ) across natural groupings of the explanatory [different] .

The scales of measurement of explanatory variable and outcome must be considered before selecting a graphic type .
the scales of measurement of explanatory [different] and outcome must be considered before selecting a graphic type .

Age , for example , is a continuous exposure variable and yet column charts with age as a categorical variable are common .
age , for example , is a continuous exposure [different] and yet column charts with age as a categorical [different] are common .

Showing percents requires no more than dots with lines for CIs of a binary outcome variable .
showing percents requires no more than dots with lines for cis of a binary outcome [different] .

Percents and means for an ordered categorical explanatory variable should be connected between categories so that the eye can judge differences between adjacent pairs of categories ( figure 2 ) .
percents and means for an ordered categorical explanatory [different] should be connected between categories so that the eye can judge differences between adjacent pairs of categories ( figure 2 ) .

Only when the outcome variable is ordered do cumulative , or stacked , displays make sense .
only when the outcome [different] is ordered do cumulative , or stacked , displays make sense .

Quantitative explanatory variables usually need to be reduced to the ordered categorical scale when the outcome variable is not quantitative ; if natural cut-points are not apparent ( such as 5 year age intervals ) , then quantiles can be used .
quantitative explanatory variables usually need to be reduced to the ordered categorical scale when the outcome [different] is not quantitative ; if natural cut-points are not apparent ( such as 5 year age intervals ) , then quantiles can be used .

The overall statistical significance of multicategorical variables was determined by applying a chi-squared test to the change in log likelihood ratios after withdrawal of all categories of the variable from the saturated model .
the overall statistical significance of multicategorical variables was determined by applying a chi-squared test to the change in log likelihood ratios after withdrawal of all categories of the [different] from the saturated model .

Answer guide : The answer here should bring out the distinction between directly variable costs and other costs attributable to getting the product to its ‘ present state and condition ’ .
answer guide : the answer here should bring out the distinction between directly [different] costs and other costs attributable to getting the product to its ‘ present state and condition ’ .

It is often assumed that in cost behaviour there is only one independent variable .
it is often assumed that in cost behaviour there is only one independent [different] .

That is the cost of petrol for a journey will be dependent upon the miles travelled ( the independent variable ) .
that is the cost of petrol for a journey will be dependent upon the miles travelled ( the independent [different] ) .

It is likely that the dependent variable , the cost , will be dependent upon more than one variable .
it is likely that the dependent [different] , the cost , will be dependent upon more than one [different] .

However , it is argued that for cost accounting purposes it is too complex to include more than one independent variable .
however , it is argued that for cost accounting purposes it is too complex to include more than one independent [different] .

When there is more than one independent variable the most influential variable in relation to the movement of costs should be chosen as this will be the main cost driver .
when there is more than one independent [different] the most influential [different] in relation to the movement of costs should be chosen as this will be the main cost driver .

Variable and fixed costs are traditionally assumed to be linear .
[different] and fixed costs are traditionally assumed to be linear .

Answer guide : It is assumed that variable costs are the same per unit of activity ; therefore the variable costs will move in proportion to activity levels , i.e .
answer guide : it is assumed that [different] costs are the same per unit of activity ; therefore the [different] costs will move in proportion to activity levels , i.e .

In reality variable costs do not behave strictly in this manner .
in reality [different] costs do not behave strictly in this manner .

In such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods purchased and therefore the variable costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to reflect a curvilinear function .
in such cases the cost per unit of material will not solely depend upon the activity but also on the amount of goods purchased and therefore the [different] costs will not behave in a linear fashion and will tend to reflect a curvilinear function .

Students should be asked to consider particular items of costs that are traditionally classified as variable and fixed and to comment how they would expect them to behave over activity levels in reality .
students should be asked to consider particular items of costs that are traditionally classified as [different] and fixed and to comment how they would expect them to behave over activity levels in reality .

Variable costs per pair of trousers :
[different] costs per pair of trousers :

— All variable costs remain unchanged and are proportional to volume within this range of activity .
— all [different] costs remain unchanged and are proportional to volume within this range of activity .

The selling price was £4 per unit and variable costs were £1.50 per unit for all three years .
the selling price was £4 per unit and [different] costs were £1.50 per unit for all three years .

Variable cost per unit :
[different] cost per unit :

The other variable costs can all be avoided if the contract is not accepted .
the other [different] costs can all be avoided if the contract is not accepted .

Variable Overheads
[different] overheads

We shall assume that the other variable overheads [ £l0,000 - £ 3,000 ] £7,000 are relevant .
we shall assume that the other [different] overheads [ £l0,000 - £ 3,000 ] £7,000 are relevant .

All variable costs are a linear function of output .
all [different] costs are a linear function of output .

Since money income is the magnitude that underlies the day-to-day standard of living and , depending on the definition , the variable that will ( to some extent ) reflect wealth , most studies concentrate on this figure .
since money income is the magnitude that underlies the day-to-day standard of living and , depending on the definition , the [different] that will ( to some extent ) reflect wealth , most studies concentrate on this figure .

It was realized , however , that physical efficiency depends on the tasks individuals have to perform and in itself is not a Yes No variable but rather a continuous one .
it was realized , however , that physical efficiency depends on the tasks individuals have to perform and in itself is not a yes no [different] but rather a continuous one .

The quality of the factor labour itself is perhaps the only variable that is both relevant and an individual attribute .
the quality of the factor labour itself is perhaps the only [different] that is both relevant and an individual attribute .

It is now possible to trace the influence of a change in a nominal monetary variable , the rate of interest , in this model .
it is now possible to trace the influence of a change in a nominal monetary [different] , the rate of interest , in this model .

Higher rates of interest choke off investment demand ( and indeed any other interest-sensitive variable that might have been introduced in the model ) so that aggregate demand and output fall , imparting a negative slope to this curve .
higher rates of interest choke off investment demand ( and indeed any other interest-sensitive [different] that might have been introduced in the model ) so that aggregate demand and output fall , imparting a negative slope to this curve .

Changes in the log of variables can be used to measure the percentage change of that variable . Now the equivalent equation for period is
changes in the log of variables can be used to measure the percentage change of that [different] . now the equivalent equation for period is

Fixed and variable voter preferences are self-explanatory labels .
fixed and [different] voter preferences are self-explanatory labels .

The word ‘ pointer ’ is not a reserved order in Pascal ; ‘ pointer ’ is not used in defining a pointer variable .
the word ‘ pointer ’ is not a reserved order in pascal ; ‘ pointer ’ is not used in defining a pointer [different] .

The first declaration is read : ‘ Ptr1 is a pointer to a variable of type Range ’ .
the first declaration is read : ‘ ptr1 is a pointer to a [different] of type range ’ .

Ptr1 can point to an integer variable whose value is in the subrange of 1 to 25 .
ptr1 can point to an integer [different] whose value is in the subrange of 1 to 25 .

Even though Ptr1 exists , the variable it is pointing to ( dynamic or referenced variable ) does not .
even though ptr1 exists , the [different] it is pointing to ( dynamic or referenced [different] ) does not .

To access the newly created variables , the pointer variable followed by a ∘ gives us the variable pointed to . For the referenced variables just created , these are valid assignments :
to access the newly created variables , the pointer [different] followed by a ∘ gives us the [different] pointed to . for the referenced variables just created , these are valid assignments :

When defining a dynamic variable you describe what the variable can look like in the Type section .
when defining a dynamic [different] you describe what the [different] can look like in the type section .

In the var section you declare a variable to be a pointer to a variable of that type .
in the var section you declare a [different] to be a pointer to a [different] of that type .

Any operation that is legal on a named variable of that type is legal on a dynamic variable of that type .
any operation that is legal on a named [different] of that type is legal on a dynamic [different] of that type .

In other words , we can make two pointers reference the same variable , or we can test whether or not two pointers point to the same variable .
in other words , we can make two pointers reference the same [different] , or we can test whether or not two pointers point to the same [different] .

Polymeric macromolecules have variable dimensions and thus can not pack closely together in a regular arrangement .
polymeric macromolecules have [different] dimensions and thus can not pack closely together in a regular arrangement .

They have variable compositions and may consist of a single phase in which case they are called homogeneous .
they have [different] compositions and may consist of a single phase in which case they are called homogeneous .

This is because weight is variable .
this is because weight is [different] .

The efficiency of energy conversion is variable .
the efficiency of energy conversion is [different] .

Again there is a significant interaction , as seen in Table 6 and Figure 2 , between the levels of processing variable and type of response variable .
again there is a significant interaction , as seen in table 6 and figure 2 , between the levels of processing [different] and type of response [different] .

New chip technology that will give a variable speed drive is also being introduced with a replacement control panel .
new chip technology that will give a [different] speed drive is also being introduced with a replacement control panel .

Two machines already have variable speed drives .
two machines already have [different] speed drives .

The variable intensity parameter lines can be solid , dotted , large or small dashed , and positioning is controlled by a large sensitive rotary control or optional joystick for remote control .
the [different] intensity parameter lines can be solid , dotted , large or small dashed , and positioning is controlled by a large sensitive rotary control or optional joystick for remote control .

Transfer speed is variable from two seconds upwards with automatic sequencing or user programming by logic touch controls .
transfer speed is [different] from two seconds upwards with automatic sequencing or user programming by logic touch controls .

The review of operating strategy will highlight operating skills required for success , sources of labour , fixed and variable cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by increasing revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .
the review of operating strategy will highlight operating skills required for success , sources of labour , fixed and [different] cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by increasing revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .

National legislative authority rests with the bicameral National Congress , comprising a Chamber of Deputies of variable size which is directly elected every four years , and a 69-member Federal Senate elected for eight-year terms with elections at four-year intervals for , alternately , one-third and two-thirds of the members .
national legislative authority rests with the bicameral national congress , comprising a chamber of deputies of [different] size which is directly elected every four years , and a 69-member federal senate elected for eight-year terms with elections at four-year intervals for , alternately , one-third and two-thirds of the members .

The announcement was greeted sceptically in the National Assembly and by the press , which claimed that the surplus was illusory as the government trade figures were distorted by smuggling , variable exchange rates , barter deals and restrictions on imports .
the announcement was greeted sceptically in the national assembly and by the press , which claimed that the surplus was illusory as the government trade figures were distorted by smuggling , [different] exchange rates , barter deals and restrictions on imports .

For CDs over one year maturity spreads are generally wider , 10 basis points in the dollar market and in the sterling market ⅛ for the clearers and variable for others .
for cds over one year maturity spreads are generally wider , 10 basis points in the dollar market and in the sterling market ⅛ for the clearers and [different] for others .

The specification used was in error correction format ( Hendry et al , 1983 ) which by specifying variables in both differences and lagged levels enables one to separate out long and short run influences on the dependent variable .
the specification used was in error correction format ( hendry et al , 1983 ) which by specifying variables in both differences and lagged levels enables one to separate out long and short run influences on the dependent [different] .

Due to the simultaneity between the dependent variable and the current eurobond yield , the equation was estimated by instrumental variables .
due to the simultaneity between the dependent [different] and the current eurobond yield , the equation was estimated by instrumental variables .

The criteria for discrimination are very variable and when European writers of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries at last began to realize ( perhaps inadvisedly ) that the word religion might be applied to other systems of thought besides Christianity this was one of the factors on which the classification of religions was based .
the criteria for discrimination are very [different] and when european writers of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries at last began to realize ( perhaps inadvisedly ) that the word religion might be applied to other systems of thought besides christianity this was one of the factors on which the classification of religions was based .

As we all know , the nuclear households of married children may continue to be linked by effective bonds of kinship both with the residual households of their parents and of their married siblings ; but such continuing linkage is optional and , in practice , very variable .
as we all know , the nuclear households of married children may continue to be linked by effective bonds of kinship both with the residual households of their parents and of their married siblings ; but such continuing linkage is optional and , in practice , very [different] .

In particular , the mechanisms of landlord-influence in rural and urban communities will be looked at in some detail with a view to explaining the variable incidence of the ‘ deferential ’ and ‘ participatory ’ types of voting identified by previous research .
in particular , the mechanisms of landlord-influence in rural and urban communities will be looked at in some detail with a view to explaining the [different] incidence of the ‘ deferential ’ and ‘ participatory ’ types of voting identified by previous research .

The aim is to check that sufficient information has been gathered for each variable to make statistics upon them valid .
the aim is to check that sufficient information has been gathered for each [different] to make statistics upon them valid .

The basic premise of the project is that an economic variable 's seasonal pattern arises from a corresponding pattern in the behaviour of the economic agents .
the basic premise of the project is that an economic [different] 's seasonal pattern arises from a corresponding pattern in the behaviour of the economic agents .

The emphasis is on public acceptance of new technologies as a variable in national economic performance .
the emphasis is on public acceptance of new technologies as a [different] in national economic performance .

It examines the bureaucrat-fisherman relationship in the context of the allocation of resources from government to local investment in fishing activity , a critical variable in the capitalisation of fishing enterprises and therefore in the maintenance of employment in rural areas .
it examines the bureaucrat-fisherman relationship in the context of the allocation of resources from government to local investment in fishing activity , a critical [different] in the capitalisation of fishing enterprises and therefore in the maintenance of employment in rural areas .

However the research has been of variable quality , there are conflicting findings , and the full implications for practice remain unclear .
however the research has been of [different] quality , there are conflicting findings , and the full implications for practice remain unclear .

The costs of such systems are extremely variable , but are likely to fall somewhere in the regions of :
the costs of such systems are extremely [different] , but are likely to fall somewhere in the regions of :

In the case of the `` upper `` transistors ( and ) the base drive must be referred to the positive supply rail , which may be at a variable potential .
in the case of the `` upper `` transistors ( and ) the base drive must be referred to the positive supply rail , which may be at a [different] potential .

Typical phase current waveforms for one-phase-on unipolar excitation of a three.phase variable -reluctance motor are shown in Fig.5.2 .
typical phase current waveforms for one-phase-on unipolar excitation of a three.phase [different] -reluctance motor are shown in fig.5.2 .

For a given set of motor and drive parameters at a fixed speed the only variable in Eqn .
for a given set of motor and drive parameters at a fixed speed the only [different] in eqn .

One advantage of this system over the software-intensive approach is immediately apparent : the voltage-controlled oscillator 's [ put is continuously variable , so the maximum operating speed of the motor is no longer restricted by its ability to `` jump `` between discrete stepping rates .
one advantage of this system over the software-intensive approach is immediately apparent : the voltage-controlled oscillator 's [ put is continuously [different] , so the maximum operating speed of the motor is no longer restricted by its ability to `` jump `` between discrete stepping rates .

The oral shield is variable ranging from a lozenge to a flattened triangle .
the oral shield is [different] ranging from a lozenge to a flattened triangle .

The oral shield is somewhat variable in shape but is basically a rounded rhombic or triangular with a wide distal edge which may be slightly indented ; all are separated .
the oral shield is somewhat [different] in shape but is basically a rounded rhombic or triangular with a wide distal edge which may be slightly indented ; all are separated .

The tentacle scales are small and variable , numbering from 0–5 , some are needle-like while others resemble small granules .
the tentacle scales are small and [different] , numbering from 0–5 , some are needle-like while others resemble small granules .

The oral shield is variable in shape from a rounded triangular to slightly pentagonal ; it lies proximal to the genital slits not spanning them .
the oral shield is [different] in shape from a rounded triangular to slightly pentagonal ; it lies proximal to the genital slits not spanning them .

It may seem a little strange that ‘ sufficient intelligence to speculate about its own origins ’ is a relevant variable .
it may seem a little strange that ‘ sufficient intelligence to speculate about its own origins ’ is a relevant [different] .

She , who had never made more than toast at a schoolroom fire , became an enthusiastic , if variable , cook .
she , who had never made more than toast at a schoolroom fire , became an enthusiastic , if [different] , cook .

There are , however , considerable gaps in the visible building density , due to variable photographic conditions and the presence of unrecognized timber structures .
there are , however , considerable gaps in the visible building density , due to [different] photographic conditions and the presence of unrecognized timber structures .

The limited empirical work on the importance of uncertainty as a variable affecting investment decisions yields some support for this argument .
the limited empirical work on the importance of uncertainty as a [different] affecting investment decisions yields some support for this argument .

It provides comprehensive coverage of practically every variable involved in the sport , and it makes the extraction of extensive statistics a simple matter .
it provides comprehensive coverage of practically every [different] involved in the sport , and it makes the extraction of extensive statistics a simple matter .

After discussing memory and numeric coprocessors the rest of the requirements for a good spreadsheet machine are more variable .
after discussing memory and numeric coprocessors the rest of the requirements for a good spreadsheet machine are more [different] .

Registration : variable
registration : [different]

Hard disk space required : variable
hard disk space required : [different]

Hard disk space required : variable
hard disk space required : [different]

System requirements : variable
system requirements : [different]

Hard disk space required : variable
hard disk space required : [different]

The final variable in the equation is hype .
the final [different] in the equation is hype .

Old and non-digital as it is , videodisc technology is today still the only platform available that can deliver high quality , full motion , full frame video complete with a range of trick frame features such as forward and backward variable speed motion and perfect freeze frames .
old and non-digital as it is , videodisc technology is today still the only platform available that can deliver high quality , full motion , full frame video complete with a range of trick frame features such as forward and backward [different] speed motion and perfect freeze frames .

The most prominent example occurs in the immunoglobulin genes , where one of the many available gene segments encoding a variable region must be brought to a position next to the remainder of the gene before it can be expressed .
the most prominent example occurs in the immunoglobulin genes , where one of the many available gene segments encoding a [different] region must be brought to a position next to the remainder of the gene before it can be expressed .

The central interest , though , is the last part of the story , the origins of modern humans and the subsequent diversification into geographically variable populations .
the central interest , though , is the last part of the story , the origins of modern humans and the subsequent diversification into geographically [different] populations .

While the main variable is temperature , the factors ε′ and ε′′ can be studied as a function of the angular frequency ο , and in the frequency region where there is a relaxation , ε′ decreases as shown in figure 13.17 .
while the main [different] is temperature , the factors ε′ and ε′′ can be studied as a function of the angular frequency ο , and in the frequency region where there is a relaxation , ε′ decreases as shown in figure 13.17 .

Dipolar groups in a polymer coil may not all be able to relax at the same speed because of the variable steric restrictions they may experience , imposed by their environment .
dipolar groups in a polymer coil may not all be able to relax at the same speed because of the [different] steric restrictions they may experience , imposed by their environment .

Choropleth maps are maps which show the distribution of the magnitude of a variable such as population density for each of a set of areal units such as counties or enumeration districts .
choropleth maps are maps which show the distribution of the magnitude of a [different] such as population density for each of a set of areal units such as counties or enumeration districts .

The range of values taken on by the variable is divided into a number of classes before the map is drawn .
the range of values taken on by the [different] is divided into a number of classes before the map is drawn .

If such maps are produced by hand or drawn by a pen plotter , the increasing magnitude of the variable is shown by increasing density of line-shading .
if such maps are produced by hand or drawn by a pen plotter , the increasing magnitude of the [different] is shown by increasing density of line-shading .

Choropleth maps using different colours to represent different levels of the mapped variable can be generated by specifying one of the 125 colours to be used as the area fill colour .
choropleth maps using different colours to represent different levels of the mapped [different] can be generated by specifying one of the 125 colours to be used as the area fill colour .

Once the zone outline coordinates have been measured and entered into a data file the statistical variable to be mapped is specified .
once the zone outline coordinates have been measured and entered into a data file the statistical [different] to be mapped is specified .

Secondly , the measurements on the statistical variable to be mapped must be presented in the same order that the zone outlines are listed in the data file .
secondly , the measurements on the statistical [different] to be mapped must be presented in the same order that the zone outlines are listed in the data file .

Instead an exponential distribution is used , so that the actual arrival time of the next vehicle is x seconds after the previous vehicle , where x is a random variable sampled from an exponential distribution with a mean of r seconds .
instead an exponential distribution is used , so that the actual arrival time of the next vehicle is x seconds after the previous vehicle , where x is a random [different] sampled from an exponential distribution with a mean of r seconds .

In drawing the inference above , concerning the relationship between the occurrence of pine trees and height above sea-level , we used ( i ) the location of individual points and ( ii ) the two properties of those points , the first being a continuous variable ( height above sea-level ) and the second a binary or presence-absence variable ( pine trees/no pine trees ) .
in drawing the inference above , concerning the relationship between the occurrence of pine trees and height above sea-level , we used ( i ) the location of individual points and ( ii ) the two properties of those points , the first being a continuous [different] ( height above sea-level ) and the second a binary or presence-absence [different] ( pine trees/no pine trees ) .

The variable costs start from zero , since labour and material are not consumed until production starts , and in the simple model rise linearly with volume .
the [different] costs start from zero , since labour and material are not consumed until production starts , and in the simple model rise linearly with volume .

Marginal cost is defined as ‘ prime cost plus variable overheads ’ and is explained by the example in Table 3.3 .
marginal cost is defined as ‘ prime cost plus [different] overheads ’ and is explained by the example in table 3.3 .

If the same dimension of each item is measured and a graph drawn of the number of times each value of that dimension appears , as in Figure 7.4 , the result is called the frequency distribution of the variable or just the distribution .
if the same dimension of each item is measured and a graph drawn of the number of times each value of that dimension appears , as in figure 7.4 , the result is called the frequency distribution of the [different] or just the distribution .

Its conception and inspiration were totally dissimilar from the later classical form but , diverse and richly variable as it is throughout Europe , Gothic architecture is characteristically definable wherever it is to be found .
its conception and inspiration were totally dissimilar from the later classical form but , diverse and richly [different] as it is throughout europe , gothic architecture is characteristically definable wherever it is to be found .

The transition from Romanesque to Gothic proceeded at a variable speed in differing countries .
the transition from romanesque to gothic proceeded at a [different] speed in differing countries .

The emphasis on locality and variable demands on national government is one which we need to retain for our alternative view of the state .
the emphasis on locality and [different] demands on national government is one which we need to retain for our alternative view of the state .

Lacroix and Pirotte ( 1977 ) have proposed an alternative calculus which is named the domain calculus in which the fundamental base is that of a domain variable .
lacroix and pirotte ( 1977 ) have proposed an alternative calculus which is named the domain calculus in which the fundamental base is that of a domain [different] .

Note that the view field information is imparted by onscreen messages , not by variable assignments .
note that the view field information is imparted by onscreen messages , not by [different] assignments .

Finally , we suppose that labour is the variable factor of production and that workers like equally the non-monetary aspects of jobs in the films and meals industries .
finally , we suppose that labour is the [different] factor of production and that workers like equally the non-monetary aspects of jobs in the films and meals industries .

The variable factor ( labour ) must earn the same wage rate in both industries in competitive equilibrium .
the [different] factor ( labour ) must earn the same wage rate in both industries in competitive equilibrium .

( c ) the relative marginal product of variable factors in the film and meal industries ?
( c ) the relative marginal product of [different] factors in the film and meal industries ?

The quality of a handwriting recogniser can be extremely variable .
the quality of a handwriting recogniser can be extremely [different] .

And once the people have disappeared , it then becomes possible to manipulate the ‘ population ’ in your mind as if it were any other variable in a mathematical equation .
and once the people have disappeared , it then becomes possible to manipulate the ‘ population ’ in your mind as if it were any other [different] in a mathematical equation .

And once the people have disappeared , it then becomes possible to manipulate the ‘ population ’ in your mind as if it were any other variable in a mathematical equation .
and once the people have disappeared , it then becomes possible to manipulate the ‘ population ’ in your mind as if it were any other [different] in a mathematical equation .

Although the standard of management has been variable , it is much better than it was 10 or 15 years ago as a result of fiercer competition and a great deal of fall-out .
although the standard of management has been [different] , it is much better than it was 10 or 15 years ago as a result of fiercer competition and a great deal of fall-out .

This gives no variable cut-off but there will be provision for lap and lead .
this gives no [different] cut-off but there will be provision for lap and lead .

model is a simple dynamic model in which there is only one lagged dependent variable .
model is a simple dynamic model in which there is only one lagged dependent [different] .

Otherwise not only will results concerning group size and composition be misleading , but results involving any variable that is related to size of group are likely to be inaccurate .
otherwise not only will results concerning group size and composition be misleading , but results involving any [different] that is related to size of group are likely to be inaccurate .

Latent variable models in social science
latent [different] models in social science

This involves establishing mathematical links between so-called indicators , which can be directly observed , and the latent variable .
this involves establishing mathematical links between so-called indicators , which can be directly observed , and the latent [different] .

Allowance must be made for the fact that the raw data will not always have been sampled randomly , and that some data will be missing and that the indicators will often be different kinds of variable .
allowance must be made for the fact that the raw data will not always have been sampled randomly , and that some data will be missing and that the indicators will often be different kinds of [different] .

This variable will be investigated together with cognitive ( eg .
this [different] will be investigated together with cognitive ( eg .

Choose one with two speeds ( or variable speed ) and hammer action .
choose one with two speeds ( or [different] speed ) and hammer action .

Differentiating the factor market equations ( 7–25 ) , where , denote the proportion of total labour and capital used as fixed cost inputs ( and those in variable inputs ) .
differentiating the factor market equations ( 7–25 ) , where , denote the proportion of total labour and capital used as fixed cost inputs ( and those in [different] inputs ) .

Where is a measure of the relative factor intensities in fixed and variable costs .
where is a measure of the relative factor intensities in fixed and [different] costs .

The latter depends in turn on the capital intensity of fixed costs relative to variable costs ( ) and relative to the rest of the economy as a whole ( ) If fixed costs are relatively capital-intensive in both senses , then the first-round effect is for the size of the firm to be increased ( see dashed lines in Fig .
the latter depends in turn on the capital intensity of fixed costs relative to [different] costs ( ) and relative to the rest of the economy as a whole ( ) if fixed costs are relatively capital-intensive in both senses , then the first-round effect is for the size of the firm to be increased ( see dashed lines in fig .

As in the monopolistic competition model of Section 7–3 , the scale of the firm is determined by the relationship between fixed and variable costs .
as in the monopolistic competition model of section 7–3 , the scale of the firm is determined by the relationship between fixed and [different] costs .

If we write g x for the proportional growth rate of variable x , and let we have ( using ( 8–4 ' ) ) and if we let denote output per capita , ( this needs to be modified where there is technical progress — see below ) .
if we write g x for the proportional growth rate of [different] x , and let we have ( using ( 8–4 ' ) ) and if we let denote output per capita , ( this needs to be modified where there is technical progress — see below ) .

As before , we use the notation to denote the value of a variable for individual i in generation u , where a generation is assumed to last one period and there is no overlapping of generations .
as before , we use the notation to denote the value of a [different] for individual i in generation u , where a generation is assumed to last one period and there is no overlapping of generations .

The fact that the number of children is itself a random variable introduces a further stochastic element into the wealth — income generating process .
the fact that the number of children is itself a random [different] introduces a further stochastic element into the wealth — income generating process .

Under fairly weak conditions , with only one decision variable , such a ‘ local ’ equilibrium can be shown to exist ( Kramer and Klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it provides a persuasive resolution to the ‘ majority voting paradox ’ depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the existing situation .
under fairly weak conditions , with only one decision [different] , such a ‘ local ’ equilibrium can be shown to exist ( kramer and klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it provides a persuasive resolution to the ‘ majority voting paradox ’ depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the existing situation .

We first consider tests of the rational expectations hypothesis in those relatively few cases when the expected variable is directly measured .
we first consider tests of the rational expectations hypothesis in those relatively few cases when the expected [different] is directly measured .

We then consider the more usual problem facing us : how to test the rational expectations hypothesis when the expected variable is not directly observed or measured .
we then consider the more usual problem facing us : how to test the rational expectations hypothesis when the expected [different] is not directly observed or measured .

Imagine that we could directly observe a particular person 's or group 's expectation formed last period of the current period 's value of an economic variable .
imagine that we could directly observe a particular person 's or group 's expectation formed last period of the current period 's value of an economic [different] .

This test is based on the following implications of the hypothesis : if expectations of a variable are rational , they are formed in accordance with the process determining that variable and therefore they will depend upon any set of past variables in exactly the same way as the variable itself depends upon that set of past variables .
this test is based on the following implications of the hypothesis : if expectations of a [different] are rational , they are formed in accordance with the process determining that [different] and therefore they will depend upon any set of past variables in exactly the same way as the [different] itself depends upon that set of past variables .

If the rational expectations hypothesis is correct we should find , provided that we have a large enough sample , that the coefficient estimated on each variable in equation ( 3.3 ) is approximately the same as the coefficient estimated on the same variable in equation ( 3.4 ) ; that is , β 1 should equal γ 1 , β 2 should equal γ 2 , and so on .
if the rational expectations hypothesis is correct we should find , provided that we have a large enough sample , that the coefficient estimated on each [different] in equation ( 3.3 ) is approximately the same as the coefficient estimated on the same [different] in equation ( 3.4 ) ; that is , β 1 should equal γ 1 , β 2 should equal γ 2 , and so on .

The left-hand side of equation ( 3.5 ) must equal a random variable , as shown in equation ( 3.1 ) , which it will if for all i .
the left-hand side of equation ( 3.5 ) must equal a random [different] , as shown in equation ( 3.1 ) , which it will if for all i .

Both of the tests we have examined require direct observations of the expected variable .
both of the tests we have examined require direct observations of the expected [different] .

For example , α 1 in equation ( 3.2 ) may be biased downwards from its true value of one if the variable is measured with error .
for example , α 1 in equation ( 3.2 ) may be biased downwards from its true value of one if the [different] is measured with error .

In this section we shall begin to consider how we might estimate a macroeconomic model of the economy which includes rational expectations , but where the expectation of the variable is not directly observed .
in this section we shall begin to consider how we might estimate a macroeconomic model of the economy which includes rational expectations , but where the expectation of the [different] is not directly observed .

The key element in it is that the process determining the variable about which variables are being formed has to be estimated alongside the rest of the model .
the key element in it is that the process determining the [different] about which variables are being formed has to be estimated alongside the rest of the model .

If a restriction is imposed on a model of a particular variable 's behaviour , then if that restriction is valid its imposition should not affect the model 's success in explaining the variable 's behaviour , whereas if the restriction is invalid it should .
if a restriction is imposed on a model of a particular [different] 's behaviour , then if that restriction is valid its imposition should not affect the model 's success in explaining the [different] 's behaviour , whereas if the restriction is invalid it should .

In rational expectations models such regime breaks should result in a change in the way expectations are formed and hence in the behaviour of the variable influenced by expectations .
in rational expectations models such regime breaks should result in a change in the way expectations are formed and hence in the behaviour of the [different] influenced by expectations .

The major difficulty with them is that in most contexts it is not in general possible on theoretical grounds alone to exclude the influence of one variable on another .
the major difficulty with them is that in most contexts it is not in general possible on theoretical grounds alone to exclude the influence of one [different] on another .

Moreover , the error term is uncorrelated with any lagged ( and therefore known ) variable .
moreover , the error term is uncorrelated with any lagged ( and therefore known ) [different] .

Thus we may write , where t is a random , serially independent variable designed to pick up the random movements in the risk premium .
thus we may write , where t is a random , serially independent [different] designed to pick up the random movements in the risk premium .

It is possible to employ statistical techniques that take into account the correlation between f t and the error ( instrumental variable estimation , for example ) , but some of these methods are not statistically efficient , so that the standard errors of the estimators may be inflated .
it is possible to employ statistical techniques that take into account the correlation between f t and the error ( instrumental [different] estimation , for example ) , but some of these methods are not statistically efficient , so that the standard errors of the estimators may be inflated .

In the more general case , in which there is no direct estimate of the expected variable , one can not merely see the actual value of a variable as a measure of the rational expectation of that variable , despite the fact that the two should differ only by a random error .
in the more general case , in which there is no direct estimate of the expected [different] , one can not merely see the actual value of a [different] as a measure of the rational expectation of that [different] , despite the fact that the two should differ only by a random error .

But it is possible to use the process determining a variable to generate a measure of the rational expectation of that variable , and this method has the attractive feature of allowing a formal statistical test of a model which includes rational expectations .
but it is possible to use the process determining a [different] to generate a measure of the rational expectation of that [different] , and this method has the attractive feature of allowing a formal statistical test of a model which includes rational expectations .

The variable we are interested in here is the variable which has caused the shift in the aggregate demand curve .
the [different] we are interested in here is the [different] which has caused the shift in the aggregate demand curve .

It may be a change in government expenditure , it may be a change in the quantity of money , or it may be a change in some other variable .
it may be a change in government expenditure , it may be a change in the quantity of money , or it may be a change in some other [different] .

It does not really matter for our purposes what the variable is .
it does not really matter for our purposes what the [different] is .

What does matter is that if we view that variable and all other variables affecting the aggregate demand curve as being determined by processes , the aggregate demand curve itself can be seen as the result of a process and shifts in the aggregate demand curve occur in line with that process .
what does matter is that if we view that [different] and all other variables affecting the aggregate demand curve as being determined by processes , the aggregate demand curve itself can be seen as the result of a process and shifts in the aggregate demand curve occur in line with that process .

We shall assume that this deviation is a random variable , , with mean of zero and constant variance , .
we shall assume that this deviation is a random [different] , , with mean of zero and constant variance , .

The second influence , , is a random variable , the value of which can be positive or negative in any period but has a mean value of zero .
the second influence , , is a random [different] , the value of which can be positive or negative in any period but has a mean value of zero .

Combining equations ( 4.1 ) and ( 4.4 ) — ( 4.6 ) and solving for the equilibrium price in the th market gives This equation is not yet a true solution for p ( ) t since it contains a term in and , as we have emphasized , a rational expectation is one formed in accordance with the true process or solution for the variable concerned .
combining equations ( 4.1 ) and ( 4.4 ) — ( 4.6 ) and solving for the equilibrium price in the th market gives this equation is not yet a true solution for p ( ) t since it contains a term in and , as we have emphasized , a rational expectation is one formed in accordance with the true process or solution for the [different] concerned .

Since they both describe the process of the same variable , they must both give the same answer as each other for p ( ) t , whatever the values of , g , v t and in any period .
since they both describe the process of the same [different] , they must both give the same answer as each other for p ( ) t , whatever the values of , g , v t and in any period .

This equality is guaranteed to hold for any values of m , g and so on if the constant terms on both sides of the equality are identically equal , and if the pair of coefficients attached to each variable are identically equal . And so the conditions for the equality always to hold can be written :
this equality is guaranteed to hold for any values of m , g and so on if the constant terms on both sides of the equality are identically equal , and if the pair of coefficients attached to each [different] are identically equal . and so the conditions for the equality always to hold can be written :

Recall that we assumed that the nominal quantity of money in the economy , m t , was determined in the following simple way : where g is a known constant ; and v t is a random , serially uncorrelated variable with mean zero , which represents the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , and which we might think of as arising because of , say , faults in the government 's monetary control techniques .
recall that we assumed that the nominal quantity of money in the economy , m t , was determined in the following simple way : where g is a known constant ; and v t is a random , serially uncorrelated [different] with mean zero , which represents the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , and which we might think of as arising because of , say , faults in the government 's monetary control techniques .

The essence of it is that if expectations of a variable are rational they will be determined by the process governing that variable .
the essence of it is that if expectations of a [different] are rational they will be determined by the process governing that [different] .

Now imagine that v t is in fact a random walk given by where t is a serially independent random variable .
now imagine that v t is in fact a random walk given by where t is a serially independent random [different] .

However , in a number of cases the variables on the right-hand side of equation ( 6.5 ) account for rather a small proportion of the variance of the left-hand side variable , suggesting that some important influences on have been omitted from the estimating equation .
however , in a number of cases the variables on the right-hand side of equation ( 6.5 ) account for rather a small proportion of the variance of the left-hand side [different] , suggesting that some important influences on have been omitted from the estimating equation .

Barro 's argument for the inclusion of this variable is that if government expenditure is equal to its normal level , it will tend to be financed by orthodox taxation , but if it is , say , abnormally high it is more likely to be financed by measures which increase the rate of monetary growth .
barro 's argument for the inclusion of this [different] is that if government expenditure is equal to its normal level , it will tend to be financed by orthodox taxation , but if it is , say , abnormally high it is more likely to be financed by measures which increase the rate of monetary growth .

Barro argues that the presence of this variable reflects the counter-cyclical response of money to the level of economic activity .
barro argues that the presence of this [different] reflects the counter-cyclical response of money to the level of economic activity .

To test the prediction that the unpredictable component of monetary growth affects real variables , Barro first regresses the level of unemployment on the current and lagged values of his variable and on two other variables which are seen as influencing the natural rate of unemployment .
to test the prediction that the unpredictable component of monetary growth affects real variables , barro first regresses the level of unemployment on the current and lagged values of his [different] and on two other variables which are seen as influencing the natural rate of unemployment .

Thus the first part of the prediction which Barro set out to test appears to be confirmed by these results — unpredictable monetary growth does affect a real variable in the way suggested .
thus the first part of the prediction which barro set out to test appears to be confirmed by these results — unpredictable monetary growth does affect a real [different] in the way suggested .

Since all the coefficients are estimated simultaneously , the estimated model ( 6.16 ) , which has all the cross-equation restrictions imposed , can be compared with another model which has the same variables on the right-hand side of each equation but in which the cross-equation restrictions are relaxed ; that is , the coefficients on each variable are freely estimated as where are equation errors .
since all the coefficients are estimated simultaneously , the estimated model ( 6.16 ) , which has all the cross-equation restrictions imposed , can be compared with another model which has the same variables on the right-hand side of each equation but in which the cross-equation restrictions are relaxed ; that is , the coefficients on each [different] are freely estimated as where are equation errors .

Leiderman carried out this test using Barro 's ( 1977a ) data set ( in which the real variable is unemployment ) .
leiderman carried out this test using barro 's ( 1977a ) data set ( in which the real [different] is unemployment ) .

In simplified form , their model consists of the following three equations : where is the rate of growth of the money stock in country , is a variable , the value of which is known at the end of the previous period and which influences monetary growth ; α i and β i are coefficients for country i ; and are normally and independently distributed random errors , with zero means and variances and respectively ; and is a constant .
in simplified form , their model consists of the following three equations : where is the rate of growth of the money stock in country , is a [different] , the value of which is known at the end of the previous period and which influences monetary growth ; α i and β i are coefficients for country i ; and are normally and independently distributed random errors , with zero means and variances and respectively ; and is a constant .

Thin films of liquid between two plane-faced salt windows are simplest to prepare , and a variety of designs of spaced-window cells , with fixed or variable sample thickness , are commercially available .
thin films of liquid between two plane-faced salt windows are simplest to prepare , and a variety of designs of spaced-window cells , with fixed or [different] sample thickness , are commercially available .

Angle bending modes may give rise to characteristic frequencies just as stretching modes do , but bending frequencies are much more variable .
angle bending modes may give rise to characteristic frequencies just as stretching modes do , but bending frequencies are much more [different] .

The actinides are more variable in their oxidation states , and this gives them more varied colors , but again the spectra of compounds derived from a given oxidation state are likely to be very similar .
the actinides are more [different] in their oxidation states , and this gives them more varied colors , but again the spectra of compounds derived from a given oxidation state are likely to be very similar .

The next issue is the definition of the ‘ income ’ variable .
the next issue is the definition of the ‘ income ’ [different] .

From equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) and a second-order approximation to the log functions , we derive the density and distribution functions of the duration random variable and then maximise the relevant likelihood subject to equations ( 6 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) .
from equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) and a second-order approximation to the log functions , we derive the density and distribution functions of the duration random [different] and then maximise the relevant likelihood subject to equations ( 6 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) .

Following the derivation in Lancaster ( 1985a ) , we assume that the observed hazard function is and not ( as given by ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) ) , where The unobservable random error is assumed to be a positive random variable with unit mean , variance and density .
following the derivation in lancaster ( 1985a ) , we assume that the observed hazard function is and not ( as given by ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) ) , where the unobservable random error is assumed to be a positive random [different] with unit mean , variance and density .

Since our ‘ dependent ’ variable is the length in days of the first spell of registered unemployment , all the income variables are calculated as one seventh of the weekly rates .
since our ‘ dependent ’ [different] is the length in days of the first spell of registered unemployment , all the income variables are calculated as one seventh of the weekly rates .

Since this complicates the interpretation of the two intercept dummies in the ‘ offer ’ probability functions as the duration effects , the unemployment rate variable , a measure of the tightness of the labour market which enters q , is allowed to vary over the two optimisation periods .
since this complicates the interpretation of the two intercept dummies in the ‘ offer ’ probability functions as the duration effects , the unemployment rate [different] , a measure of the tightness of the labour market which enters q , is allowed to vary over the two optimisation periods .

We begin with the output variable .
we begin with the output [different] .

We start with the output variable .
we start with the output [different] .

Moreover , the process of financial liberalization in Japan has been gradual and therefore a simple ( 0 , 1 ) dummy variable will not suffice .
moreover , the process of financial liberalization in japan has been gradual and therefore a simple ( 0 , 1 ) dummy [different] will not suffice .

This is because the liberalization process in Japan occurred simultaneously with that elsewhere and therefore it is possible that the variable may also capture any previously rationed investments from other localities .
this is because the liberalization process in japan occurred simultaneously with that elsewhere and therefore it is possible that the [different] may also capture any previously rationed investments from other localities .

An instrumental variable technique is required to overcome the resulting errors-in-variables problem .
an instrumental [different] technique is required to overcome the resulting errors-in-variables problem .

To overcome this we use a variant of the McCallum ( 1976 ) technique , with the future expectation being replaced by the actual outcome and the predictors from the auxiliary regression being used as an instrumental variable .
to overcome this we use a variant of the mccallum ( 1976 ) technique , with the future expectation being replaced by the actual outcome and the predictors from the auxiliary regression being used as an instrumental [different] .

In this the grain size is the independent variable , which is therefore plotted on the horizontal axis and the vertical axis is used for the dependent variable , i.e .
in this the grain size is the independent [different] , which is therefore plotted on the horizontal axis and the vertical axis is used for the dependent [different] , i.e .

Staining times in particular are highly variable , and those given herein should only be used as a starting point .
staining times in particular are highly [different] , and those given herein should only be used as a starting point .

The timing of the development of quartz overgrowth cements is more variable .
the timing of the development of quartz overgrowth cements is more [different] .

However , if only one variable , such as the amplitude , is measured it can be measured with arbitrary precision .
however , if only one [different] , such as the amplitude , is measured it can be measured with arbitrary precision .

Riffaterre 's recognition of the variable character of the ‘ poetic ’ and the importance of the reader 's role may well mark a step forward from Jakobson 's views .
riffaterre 's recognition of the [different] character of the ‘ poetic ’ and the importance of the reader 's role may well mark a step forward from jakobson 's views .

It is with meaning , as the publicly accessible and thus objective constituent of texts , that literary criticism must be concerned ; effect , being both variable and private , is much better left outside the field of enquiry .
it is with meaning , as the publicly accessible and thus objective constituent of texts , that literary criticism must be concerned ; effect , being both [different] and private , is much better left outside the field of enquiry .

Similarly , the third example can be seen to legitimise systems of employment in which people 's weekly income is uncertain and variable — as in fact it is in certain trades and industries , building being a notable example .
similarly , the third example can be seen to legitimise systems of employment in which people 's weekly income is uncertain and [different] — as in fact it is in certain trades and industries , building being a notable example .

An obvious possibility was an academic splash , and throughout his years at Burleigh he had chafed at the mediocrity of the school , the variable nature of the teaching , the dimness of its reputation , all of which seemed to preclude the splash academic .
an obvious possibility was an academic splash , and throughout his years at burleigh he had chafed at the mediocrity of the school , the [different] nature of the teaching , the dimness of its reputation , all of which seemed to preclude the splash academic .

One reason which can be given for this is the claim that a head is simply a functionary and that his or her views and judgements have to be variable for the sake of other people .
one reason which can be given for this is the claim that a head is simply a functionary and that his or her views and judgements have to be [different] for the sake of other people .

Where it has been assessed , the variable which most consistently predicts both degree of elaboration and the consistency over time of such memories appears to be the emotionality of the original event ( Conway , 1990 ) .
where it has been assessed , the [different] which most consistently predicts both degree of elaboration and the consistency over time of such memories appears to be the emotionality of the original event ( conway , 1990 ) .

The highest correlation of any variable with recall was the correlation with risk rating , r ( 1064 ) =0.294 .
the highest correlation of any [different] with recall was the correlation with risk rating , r ( 1064 ) =0.294 .

The correlation between risk and recall remains significant even when the effect of any other single variable is partialled out .
the correlation between risk and recall remains significant even when the effect of any other single [different] is partialled out .

This study was designed to make a distinction between three different concepts of risk : objective , estimated and subjective , the variable of particular interest being subjective risk .
this study was designed to make a distinction between three different concepts of risk : objective , estimated and subjective , the [different] of particular interest being subjective risk .

Although risk seemed to be the variable with the most direct relationship to the probability of a driver recalling a situation there were many other aspects of each situation which were not analysed .
although risk seemed to be the [different] with the most direct relationship to the probability of a driver recalling a situation there were many other aspects of each situation which were not analysed .

Since such information will differ from one drive to the next it is difficult to assess the role which this variable information plays in memory .
since such information will differ from one drive to the next it is difficult to assess the role which this [different] information plays in memory .

Study 4 thus increases the potential usefulness of peripheral information in the recognition task by allowing both events ( variable information ) and junctions ( fixed information ) to differ between all stimuli .
study 4 thus increases the potential usefulness of peripheral information in the recognition task by allowing both events ( [different] information ) and junctions ( fixed information ) to differ between all stimuli .

Because of this potential interest in the difference between fixed and variable information in films , it was desirable to have some measures of the amount of such information in the stimuli being used .
because of this potential interest in the difference between fixed and [different] information in films , it was desirable to have some measures of the amount of such information in the stimuli being used .

When a subsequent judgment study ( Groeger & Chapman , in preparation b ) was designed which used the same films as Study 4 , the opportunity was taken to include questions about the amount of fixed and variable information in the stimuli .
when a subsequent judgment study ( groeger & chapman , in preparation b ) was designed which used the same films as study 4 , the opportunity was taken to include questions about the amount of fixed and [different] information in the stimuli .

Fixed and Variable Information
fixed and [different] information

It was previously suggested that fixed information will tend to be peripheral to the driving task and variable information is more likely to be central , it is thus possible that the amount of these types of information will constrain any effects of attention focusing .
it was previously suggested that fixed information will tend to be peripheral to the driving task and [different] information is more likely to be central , it is thus possible that the amount of these types of information will constrain any effects of attention focusing .

This relationship may depend on the amount of variable information in the scene .
this relationship may depend on the amount of [different] information in the scene .

In discussing the rating tasks from Groeger and Chapman ( in preparation , b ) , there has been a tendency to assume that the distinction between variable and fixed information corresponds to the distinction between central and peripheral information .
in discussing the rating tasks from groeger and chapman ( in preparation , b ) , there has been a tendency to assume that the distinction between [different] and fixed information corresponds to the distinction between central and peripheral information .

the actual layout of the junction ) while much variable information is likely to normally be peripheral to it ( e.g .
the actual layout of the junction ) while much [different] information is likely to normally be peripheral to it ( e.g .

Because this study was designed to facilitate the interpretation of recognition results a fundamental distinction was made between information which would be shared by all exemplars of a particular junction ( fixed information ) and that which could potentially differ between exemplars ( variable information ) , the assumption was that the fixed information would be relatively unimportant to recognition performance .
because this study was designed to facilitate the interpretation of recognition results a fundamental distinction was made between information which would be shared by all exemplars of a particular junction ( fixed information ) and that which could potentially differ between exemplars ( [different] information ) , the assumption was that the fixed information would be relatively unimportant to recognition performance .

The coding system allows two main types of information to be coded , fixed features — those that will be the same every time a junction is seen , and variable features — those which could potentially change every time a junction is passed through .
the coding system allows two main types of information to be coded , fixed features — those that will be the same every time a junction is seen , and [different] features — those which could potentially change every time a junction is passed through .

The data he used , which were highly variable including field observations , quotations from etiquette books and extracts from novels , illustrate rather than prove or disprove hypotheses .
the data he used , which were highly [different] including field observations , quotations from etiquette books and extracts from novels , illustrate rather than prove or disprove hypotheses .

Some symbolic interactionists inveighed against the `` quantomania `` of variable analysis and argued in favour of a more interpretative approach to the study of social life which , for some , was more scientific than variable analysis .
some symbolic interactionists inveighed against the `` quantomania `` of [different] analysis and argued in favour of a more interpretative approach to the study of social life which , for some , was more scientific than [different] analysis .

More recently , there have been critiques from ethnomethodology concerning the categorising procedures of variable analysis which , they argue , owe more to the needs of quantification as proposed by variable analysis than to the properties of social activities themselves .
more recently , there have been critiques from ethnomethodology concerning the categorising procedures of [different] analysis which , they argue , owe more to the needs of quantification as proposed by [different] analysis than to the properties of social activities themselves .

Variable analysis and social measurement
[different] analysis and social measurement

Although , and it is important to stress this , most of these methods arose and developed from a diverse range of sources and traditions , their contemporary unity was a rather later achievement , as that collection of ideas we can refer to as variable analysis .
although , and it is important to stress this , most of these methods arose and developed from a diverse range of sources and traditions , their contemporary unity was a rather later achievement , as that collection of ideas we can refer to as [different] analysis .

Broadly expressed , variable analysis is the disposition to see and describe social life as a collection of variables which , potentially , can be quantified and the relationships between them also measured and described in quantitative terms .
broadly expressed , [different] analysis is the disposition to see and describe social life as a collection of variables which , potentially , can be quantified and the relationships between them also measured and described in quantitative terms .

These days it is not unreasonable to present variable analysis as a relatively coherent approach to social research , some would say the approach , which embraces not only the technical matters to do with data collection and analysis but also , importantly , a way of thinking about theoretical and empirical problems .
these days it is not unreasonable to present [different] analysis as a relatively coherent approach to social research , some would say the approach , which embraces not only the technical matters to do with data collection and analysis but also , importantly , a way of thinking about theoretical and empirical problems .

Some go so far , though this is an excessive claim , as to argue that variable analysis is the embodiment of the scientific method , while more , if less fulsomely , do make strong claims for it as the epitome of objective , rigorous empirical social research against which all others are to be judged .
some go so far , though this is an excessive claim , as to argue that [different] analysis is the embodiment of the scientific method , while more , if less fulsomely , do make strong claims for it as the epitome of objective , rigorous empirical social research against which all others are to be judged .

It is often equated with the explanatory social survey ( as we shall see in Chapter 4 ) and although this may well be its prime expression , the logic and the impulse of variable analysis is somewhat wider than this being devoted to securing a more general basis for quantification in social research .
it is often equated with the explanatory social survey ( as we shall see in chapter 4 ) and although this may well be its prime expression , the logic and the impulse of [different] analysis is somewhat wider than this being devoted to securing a more general basis for quantification in social research .

For him , and ultimately consequential as one of the prime presuppositions of variable analysis , science does not deal with `` things-in-themselves `` but with their manifested properties or attributes .
for him , and ultimately consequential as one of the prime presuppositions of [different] analysis , science does not deal with `` things-in-themselves `` but with their manifested properties or attributes .

To achieve this Lazarsfeld borrowed a notion from mathematics and logic , that of the variable , and used it to create a way of thinking about social science in both its theoretical and empirical aspects .
to achieve this lazarsfeld borrowed a notion from mathematics and logic , that of the [different] , and used it to create a way of thinking about social science in both its theoretical and empirical aspects .

Lazarsfeld 's contribution to the development of variable analysis was pivotal both as thinker and as teacher .
lazarsfeld 's contribution to the development of [different] analysis was pivotal both as thinker and as teacher .

To this end he used a metaphor drawn from mathematics , the variable , to create `` devices by which we can characterize the objects of empirical social investigation `` .
to this end he used a metaphor drawn from mathematics , the [different] , to create `` devices by which we can characterize the objects of empirical social investigation `` .

The idea of a variable is simple enough .
the idea of a [different] is simple enough .

The route to quantification , he urged , could be secured through the notion of the variable ; a format that could be applied not simply to properties which were self-evidently quantitative , such as money , but also to qualitative materials .
the route to quantification , he urged , could be secured through the notion of the [different] ; a format that could be applied not simply to properties which were self-evidently quantitative , such as money , but also to qualitative materials .

But the idea of the variable was only part of the revolution .
but the idea of the [different] was only part of the revolution .

None the less , they are based on this simple inferential structure which is the core of variable analysis .
none the less , they are based on this simple inferential structure which is the core of [different] analysis .

Variable analysis is very much a beginning by presenting theory with reasonably well-confirmed empirical relationships upon which to work .
[different] analysis is very much a beginning by presenting theory with reasonably well-confirmed empirical relationships upon which to work .

It was this `` vague image `` which had to be translated into a form which could be explored , even tested , empirically using the pattern-searching techniques of variable analysis .
it was this `` vague image `` which had to be translated into a form which could be explored , even tested , empirically using the pattern-searching techniques of [different] analysis .

This process of elaborating a concept and moving toward empirical indicators is the crucial step in variable analysis .
this process of elaborating a concept and moving toward empirical indicators is the crucial step in [different] analysis .

It is important to recognise that the research itself , and its setting , inflicts its own contingencies on the choice of indicators : research using interviews will have to use indicators that are largely constructed out of respondents ' answers to questionnaire items whereas observational studies , and Lazarsfeld did not preclude them from variable analysis in principle , would have to use others .
it is important to recognise that the research itself , and its setting , inflicts its own contingencies on the choice of indicators : research using interviews will have to use indicators that are largely constructed out of respondents ' answers to questionnaire items whereas observational studies , and lazarsfeld did not preclude them from [different] analysis in principle , would have to use others .

If a number of studies are able to show that occupational type shows consistently stronger correlations with other variables , say voting choice , style of life , level of education or values , this is evidence that the variable occupation is a reasonably effective indicator of the important dimensions embodied in the concept of social class .
if a number of studies are able to show that occupational type shows consistently stronger correlations with other variables , say voting choice , style of life , level of education or values , this is evidence that the [different] occupation is a reasonably effective indicator of the important dimensions embodied in the concept of social class .

But this eventuality is exactly what variable analysis is intended to show .
but this eventuality is exactly what [different] analysis is intended to show .

The inferential structure of the pattern searching method of variable analysis made use of the idea of the property space and the covariation of property attributes .
the inferential structure of the pattern searching method of [different] analysis made use of the idea of the property space and the covariation of property attributes .

None the less , variable analysis was seen to offer a surrogate way of using the logic of experimental design engineered from the idea of the property space .
none the less , [different] analysis was seen to offer a surrogate way of using the logic of experimental design engineered from the idea of the property space .

In variable analysis the managerial style would be called the `` independent variable `` , or causal factor , and the output , or the effect , the `` dependent variable `` .
in [different] analysis the managerial style would be called the `` independent [different] `` , or causal factor , and the output , or the effect , the `` dependent [different] `` .

Accordingly , to be sure that changes in managerial style have the effect found we need to take into account the actual or potential effects of all these other factors on the dependent variable , output .
accordingly , to be sure that changes in managerial style have the effect found we need to take into account the actual or potential effects of all these other factors on the dependent [different] , output .

In the classic experimental design a control group would be used which was as alike in all respects to the experimental group ( the latter being , in this example , the workers who experienced the new managerial style ) , save in this one respect ; only the experimental group is subjected to the independent variable .
in the classic experimental design a control group would be used which was as alike in all respects to the experimental group ( the latter being , in this example , the workers who experienced the new managerial style ) , save in this one respect ; only the experimental group is subjected to the independent [different] .

In which case , if all the other factors have been adequately controlled , any difference in output has to be attributable to the independent variable since it is the only difference between the two groups .
in which case , if all the other factors have been adequately controlled , any difference in output has to be attributable to the independent [different] since it is the only difference between the two groups .

None the less , for variable analysis such problems are by no means the end of the matter since the logic exemplified in the experiment can , it is argued , be replicated , at least sufficiently , by multivariate analytic procedures involving statistical controls .
none the less , for [different] analysis such problems are by no means the end of the matter since the logic exemplified in the experiment can , it is argued , be replicated , at least sufficiently , by multivariate analytic procedures involving statistical controls .

With hindsight , it is difficult to see quite the radical innovation variable analysis proved to be in social research .
with hindsight , it is difficult to see quite the radical innovation [different] analysis proved to be in social research .

Its advent was auspicious in that following the Second World War the strenuous efforts of many social scientists , especially in the United States , to secure a more acceptable place for social science , which itself contributed to many of the techniques which became part of variable analysis , was served by a way of thinking which seemed to offer a way of emulating some of the crucial features of the scientific method .
its advent was auspicious in that following the second world war the strenuous efforts of many social scientists , especially in the united states , to secure a more acceptable place for social science , which itself contributed to many of the techniques which became part of [different] analysis , was served by a way of thinking which seemed to offer a way of emulating some of the crucial features of the scientific method .

Sociologists , social psychologists , anthropologists and economists began to use and develop variable analysis in a series of what became classic studies .
sociologists , social psychologists , anthropologists and economists began to use and develop [different] analysis in a series of what became classic studies .

Variable analysis welcomed , indeed required , an un- ashamed borrowing of regression and correlational statistics and , later , building these into causal models in which the weight of the effects of various variables could be determined .
[different] analysis welcomed , indeed required , an un- ashamed borrowing of regression and correlational statistics and , later , building these into causal models in which the weight of the effects of various variables could be determined .

Of course , none of these developments took place overnight , but their growth to some maturity had much to do with the promise variable analysis held out that this was the route toward the scientific respectability of social research methods .
of course , none of these developments took place overnight , but their growth to some maturity had much to do with the promise [different] analysis held out that this was the route toward the scientific respectability of social research methods .

Symbolic interactionists were trenchant in their attack on variable analysis largely because of its failure to provide a sense of the processual and negotiated character of social life .
symbolic interactionists were trenchant in their attack on [different] analysis largely because of its failure to provide a sense of the processual and negotiated character of social life .

For now we wish to go into some detail on one of the major planks of variable analysis , namely measurement .
for now we wish to go into some detail on one of the major planks of [different] analysis , namely measurement .

Our more immediate concern in this section is with measurement as understood within variable analysis .
our more immediate concern in this section is with measurement as understood within [different] analysis .

Variable analysis stipulates that the phenomena of social research be reflected in objective , observable indicators which `` stand for `` the phenomenon .
[different] analysis stipulates that the phenomena of social research be reflected in objective , observable indicators which `` stand for `` the phenomenon .

Measurement is , in many ways , the point of variable analysis and is its inferential backbone .
measurement is , in many ways , the point of [different] analysis and is its inferential backbone .

None the less , for the inferential structure of variable analysis some level of quantification is required .
none the less , for the inferential structure of [different] analysis some level of quantification is required .

The very idea of the variable draws upon an analogy with the highly abstract structure of mathematics in which variables and constants are objects in a mathematical domain operated upon by the appropriate rules for manipulation .
the very idea of the [different] draws upon an analogy with the highly abstract structure of mathematics in which variables and constants are objects in a mathematical domain operated upon by the appropriate rules for manipulation .

However , given the lack of such well-established theories in the human sciences , variable analysis proposed to achieve the homology between the mathematical and its substantive domains by working through the methodological stipulation that social and human properties be described in variable analytic terms and the measurement scales just discussed .
however , given the lack of such well-established theories in the human sciences , [different] analysis proposed to achieve the homology between the mathematical and its substantive domains by working through the methodological stipulation that social and human properties be described in [different] analytic terms and the measurement scales just discussed .

It should be no surprise that both variable analysis as a mode of sociological thinking and the use of scaling in research have been criticised .
it should be no surprise that both [different] analysis as a mode of sociological thinking and the use of scaling in research have been criticised .

As Duncan rather carpingly points out , age is a ratio scale but it is hard to see any analysis of age as a variable which exploits this fact .
as duncan rather carpingly points out , age is a ratio scale but it is hard to see any analysis of age as a [different] which exploits this fact .

To repeat , these days it is hard to recapture the innovative and radical character of variable analysis since it is now so much the orthodox conception of what social research consists in .
to repeat , these days it is hard to recapture the innovative and radical character of [different] analysis since it is now so much the orthodox conception of what social research consists in .

Variable analysis is an inferential structure , a form of methodological reasoning , that has come to dominate social research .
[different] analysis is an inferential structure , a form of methodological reasoning , that has come to dominate social research .

One important feature of variable analysis , and for many its primary virtue , is that , as a method , it is theoretically neutral .
one important feature of [different] analysis , and for many its primary virtue , is that , as a method , it is theoretically neutral .

Variable analysis is the closest that social research has come to a generic method of social investigation .
[different] analysis is the closest that social research has come to a generic method of social investigation .

The `` explanatory survey `` , as its name implies , is concerned to gain information from respondents in order to test some theoretical explanation and represents the full-blown expression of variable analysis in the survey tradition .
the `` explanatory survey `` , as its name implies , is concerned to gain information from respondents in order to test some theoretical explanation and represents the full-blown expression of [different] analysis in the survey tradition .

Sociology had a major presence , though of variable quality and intellectual traditions , throughout the university sector before the Second World War .
sociology had a major presence , though of [different] quality and intellectual traditions , throughout the university sector before the second world war .

It is certainly true that the most active social science departments gave rise to the approach to social science which became associated with participant observation , the more extensive use of the survey method as a means to examine attitudes and personality and , last but not least , the modern sociological use of the survey as a tool for the development of theory as in variable analysis .
it is certainly true that the most active social science departments gave rise to the approach to social science which became associated with participant observation , the more extensive use of the survey method as a means to examine attitudes and personality and , last but not least , the modern sociological use of the survey as a tool for the development of theory as in [different] analysis .

Here we have , in fact , a developed form of the variable analysis discussed in the last chapter .
here we have , in fact , a developed form of the [different] analysis discussed in the last chapter .

This logic is common to many scaling procedures currently in use , and , of course , incorporates what later became known as the logic of variable analysis in reasoning from observable indicators to some theoretically defined construct .
this logic is common to many scaling procedures currently in use , and , of course , incorporates what later became known as the logic of [different] analysis in reasoning from observable indicators to some theoretically defined construct .

In Chapter 3 we outlined the logic of the experiment underlying the inferential structure known as variable analysis which achieved its full flowering in connection with the final type of survey we wish to discuss , the explanatory survey .
in chapter 3 we outlined the logic of the experiment underlying the inferential structure known as [different] analysis which achieved its full flowering in connection with the final type of survey we wish to discuss , the explanatory survey .

The presumed causal factor , normally referred to as the `` independent variable `` , is withheld from the control group and administered only to the experimental group .
the presumed causal factor , normally referred to as the `` independent [different] `` , is withheld from the control group and administered only to the experimental group .

Another , more prolonged and more significant , concerned the very foundations of variable analysis , and by implication the explanatory survey , namely its empiricist inspiration .
another , more prolonged and more significant , concerned the very foundations of [different] analysis , and by implication the explanatory survey , namely its empiricist inspiration .

In fact , the statistical significance test controversy was the precursor of concerns that turned out to be rather more fundamental to variable analysis ; concerns that were not voiced by such as Becker and other Symbolic Interactionists who wanted no truck with a sociology derived from variable analysis ( and whose criticisms we shall review later in this chapter ) , but by advocates of variable analytic and survey approaches .
in fact , the statistical significance test controversy was the precursor of concerns that turned out to be rather more fundamental to [different] analysis ; concerns that were not voiced by such as becker and other symbolic interactionists who wanted no truck with a sociology derived from [different] analysis ( and whose criticisms we shall review later in this chapter ) , but by advocates of [different] analytic and survey approaches .

We raised the matter of theory in connection with the explanatory survey : the testing of theory was the point of such a research tool and the rationale behind the inferential structure of variable analysis .
we raised the matter of theory in connection with the explanatory survey : the testing of theory was the point of such a research tool and the rationale behind the inferential structure of [different] analysis .

This can not be assumed so easily in variable analysis .
this can not be assumed so easily in [different] analysis .

It simply can not be assumed that samples selected for their distinctiveness on one variable will vary randomly on others .
it simply can not be assumed that samples selected for their distinctiveness on one [different] will vary randomly on others .

Although individuals may be grouped on the basis of various variable scores , this is almost always without regard for their position within the social structure .
although individuals may be grouped on the basis of various [different] scores , this is almost always without regard for their position within the social structure .

This is not only to do with the intellectual innovations that led to the idea of the first factual surveys through to the social psychological and , finally , to the explanatory surveys incorporating variable analysis , but also to do with what is indicated about the nature of society and social life .
this is not only to do with the intellectual innovations that led to the idea of the first factual surveys through to the social psychological and , finally , to the explanatory surveys incorporating [different] analysis , but also to do with what is indicated about the nature of society and social life .

As we indicated in the discussion of sampling , the survey method , especially the explanatory survey , has been subjected to severe criticism and from social researchers whose own careers have been forged within the tradition of variable analysis .
as we indicated in the discussion of sampling , the survey method , especially the explanatory survey , has been subjected to severe criticism and from social researchers whose own careers have been forged within the tradition of [different] analysis .

Lieberson in a powerful and detailed critique of experimental thinking in social research , after all one of the cornerstones of variable analysis , argues that although most data in social research are non-experimental in origin , they are `` treated as if they were truly experimental data … sliced , chopped , beaten , molded , baked , and finally artificially coloured until the researcher is able to serve us proudly with a plateful of mock experiment `` .
lieberson in a powerful and detailed critique of experimental thinking in social research , after all one of the cornerstones of [different] analysis , argues that although most data in social research are non-experimental in origin , they are `` treated as if they were truly experimental data … sliced , chopped , beaten , molded , baked , and finally artificially coloured until the researcher is able to serve us proudly with a plateful of mock experiment `` .

As should be clear , this is precisely the objective of variable analysis and the explanatory survey , that is to emulate the experimental method in the collection and analysis of non-experimental data .
as should be clear , this is precisely the objective of [different] analysis and the explanatory survey , that is to emulate the experimental method in the collection and analysis of non-experimental data .

Although the details of Lieberson 's argument are often statistical , formal , carefully wrought and complicated , the burden of his complaint is that controlling in most social research ignores , or fails to deal with adequately , selectivity in the controlled variable .
although the details of lieberson 's argument are often statistical , formal , carefully wrought and complicated , the burden of his complaint is that controlling in most social research ignores , or fails to deal with adequately , selectivity in the controlled [different] .

Selectivity affects variables or attributes that influence the outcome or the dependent variable : the problem is , if using the experimental mock-up , to separate out this initial selectivity from the impact of the institution , in this case , the military .
selectivity affects variables or attributes that influence the outcome or the dependent [different] : the problem is , if using the experimental mock-up , to separate out this initial selectivity from the impact of the institution , in this case , the military .

The reason why Lieberson is doubtful about the control variable approach is the selectivity processes are probably operating within the control variables themselves and involve factors which affect the dependent variable but in unmeasured ways .
the reason why lieberson is doubtful about the control [different] approach is the selectivity processes are probably operating within the control variables themselves and involve factors which affect the dependent [different] but in unmeasured ways .

Another set of problems that has serious implications for the social survey involves issues to do with data analysis rather more than collection but , none the less , does have a bearing in getting us to understand the limits of the survey and of variable analysis .
another set of problems that has serious implications for the social survey involves issues to do with data analysis rather more than collection but , none the less , does have a bearing in getting us to understand the limits of the survey and of [different] analysis .

The early proponents of the explanatory survey felt that they could , through the logic of variable analysis , closely approximate to the experimental model using non-experimental data and , through the patient accumulation of findings discover law-like relationships about the nature and processes of social life .
the early proponents of the explanatory survey felt that they could , through the logic of [different] analysis , closely approximate to the experimental model using non-experimental data and , through the patient accumulation of findings discover law-like relationships about the nature and processes of social life .

Much of this , if not all , has been within the tradition of variable analysis discussed in Chapter 3 ; that is , making the interview serve the requirements of objective and quantifiable data in the variable analytic format .
much of this , if not all , has been within the tradition of [different] analysis discussed in chapter 3 ; that is , making the interview serve the requirements of objective and quantifiable data in the [different] analytic format .

With the explanatory survey and the refinement of variable analysis as a way of thinking about social research , the interview and the questionnaire have become most important instruments in achieving the dream of a quantitative social science : it is this which has also modified the character and the rationale of interviewing and questionnaire design .
with the explanatory survey and the refinement of [different] analysis as a way of thinking about social research , the interview and the questionnaire have become most important instruments in achieving the dream of a quantitative social science : it is this which has also modified the character and the rationale of interviewing and questionnaire design .

Third , we shall address some of the problems associated with interviewing and the use of questionnaires in the context of variable analysis .
third , we shall address some of the problems associated with interviewing and the use of questionnaires in the context of [different] analysis .

National legislative authority rests with a bicameral National Congress consisting of a Chamber of Deputies of variable size ( 487 in 1990 ) elected every four years by a system of proportional representation and a Federal Senate with 72 members elected for eight-year terms and with elections at four-year intervals for , alternately , one-third and two-thirds of the seats .
national legislative authority rests with a bicameral national congress consisting of a chamber of deputies of [different] size ( 487 in 1990 ) elected every four years by a system of proportional representation and a federal senate with 72 members elected for eight-year terms and with elections at four-year intervals for , alternately , one-third and two-thirds of the seats .

You have just changed an independent variable .
you have just changed an independent [different] .

( This is the dependent variable . )
( this is the dependent [different] . )

Eleven features characteristic of Creole were used , and the formula was applied to find a frequency score for each variable .
eleven features characteristic of creole were used , and the formula was applied to find a frequency score for each [different] .

Within this `` quantitative paradigm `` ( see Romaine 1982 ) , it is assumed that variability is inherent in language and `` variable rules `` give the best account of the frequency with which one or other variant is used within a particular group .
within this `` quantitative paradigm `` ( see romaine 1982 ) , it is assumed that variability is inherent in language and `` [different] rules `` give the best account of the frequency with which one or other variant is used within a particular group .

In Labov 's view , for example , `` the locus of language is in the community or group , and … the speech of any social group will be less variable than the speech of any individual . ``
in labov 's view , for example , `` the locus of language is in the community or group , and … the speech of any social group will be less [different] than the speech of any individual . ``

Romaine 1982 ) without attention to the interactional context of individual occurrences of each variable .
romaine 1982 ) without attention to the interactional context of individual occurrences of each [different] .

If the latter were the case , we would expect no accommodation to take place for a specific variable until that variable had already been used by the interlocutor .
if the latter were the case , we would expect no accommodation to take place for a specific [different] until that [different] had already been used by the interlocutor .

In other words , only when speaker 1 had heard speaker 2 pronounce a variable using a particular variant , would speaker 1 know that speaker 2 favoured that particular variant .
in other words , only when speaker 1 had heard speaker 2 pronounce a [different] using a particular variant , would speaker 1 know that speaker 2 favoured that particular variant .

It is normally assumed that a given variable would have remained constant in the absence of integration .
it is normally assumed that a given [different] would have remained constant in the absence of integration .

The ability to mark discrimination points is lost since ambiguity of word boundaries in connected speech , together with multiple choices of phoneme labels , means that a variable number of paths through the tree will be pursued more or less in parallel at any particular point in processing .
the ability to mark discrimination points is lost since ambiguity of word boundaries in connected speech , together with multiple choices of phoneme labels , means that a [different] number of paths through the tree will be pursued more or less in parallel at any particular point in processing .

The sex of the character is usually the most prominent and significant variable in characterization .
the sex of the character is usually the most prominent and significant [different] in characterization .

As a means of analysing the meaning of to , special attention has been given to contexts in which the two infinitives can be contrasted , since in such cases to is the only variable in a constant linguistic context .
as a means of analysing the meaning of to , special attention has been given to contexts in which the two infinitives can be contrasted , since in such cases to is the only [different] in a constant linguistic context .

Accounting for the use of this form in any context will always imply relating the particular meaning actualized in the context to the permanent potential significate postulated for it in tongue , and will consequently involve : ( 1 ) showing that the common denominator of a before/after sequence is present ( the constant element evoked by to ) , and ( 2 ) showing how the speaker has fit the particular experience he is talking about into this potential by intercepting the operation of actualizing it at the appropriate moment ( the variable element expressed by to ) .
accounting for the use of this form in any context will always imply relating the particular meaning actualized in the context to the permanent potential significate postulated for it in tongue , and will consequently involve : ( 1 ) showing that the common denominator of a before/after sequence is present ( the constant element evoked by to ) , and ( 2 ) showing how the speaker has fit the particular experience he is talking about into this potential by intercepting the operation of actualizing it at the appropriate moment ( the [different] element expressed by to ) .

Any employee at Coniston Mines during the 19th Century would fall into one of two distinct categories : ( 1 ) a dayworker , whose wages were generally based upon a rate of so much per day but which was variable depending upon the degree of skill required , yet at times might be calculated on a piece rate , or , ( 2 ) a miner engaged in winning ore from the stopes , tunnelling , raising , or shaft sinking through rock .
any employee at coniston mines during the 19th century would fall into one of two distinct categories : ( 1 ) a dayworker , whose wages were generally based upon a rate of so much per day but which was [different] depending upon the degree of skill required , yet at times might be calculated on a piece rate , or , ( 2 ) a miner engaged in winning ore from the stopes , tunnelling , raising , or shaft sinking through rock .

Not only is maternal age interrelated with parity or birth order and , through parity , with family size but the latter also with another demographic variable , i.e .
not only is maternal age interrelated with parity or birth order and , through parity , with family size but the latter also with another demographic [different] , i.e .

The sensors pick up the change which is then fed back directly to alter the temperature or some other variable .
the sensors pick up the change which is then fed back directly to alter the temperature or some other [different] .

These are just the quantities such as found above with replaced by the transform variable — .
these are just the quantities such as found above with replaced by the transform [different] — .

In all the foregoing discussion of viscoelasticity temperature has not been a variable yet one of the most spectacular properties of polymers is their sensitivity to temperature .
in all the foregoing discussion of viscoelasticity temperature has not been a [different] yet one of the most spectacular properties of polymers is their sensitivity to temperature .

Then is a random variable and integration over it is simple .
then is a random [different] and integration over it is simple .

If , also — is allowed to be a random variable the analysis , though still tedious , takes on a degree of order that is valuable .
if , also — is allowed to be a random [different] the analysis , though still tedious , takes on a degree of order that is valuable .

Volume is a three dimensional variable .
volume is a three dimensional [different] .

Because volume is a three dimensional variable , it does not give exact information about a specific circumference .
because volume is a three dimensional [different] , it does not give exact information about a specific circumference .

Volume is commonly the independent variable .
volume is commonly the independent [different] .

These observations supported long standing speculation that vascular insufficiency could be a pathogenic factor , but suggested that vascular and haemodynamic changes were variable and dependent on the stage and pattern of disease .
these observations supported long standing speculation that vascular insufficiency could be a pathogenic factor , but suggested that vascular and haemodynamic changes were [different] and dependent on the stage and pattern of disease .

Patient sex does not seem to be an independent variable and exclusion of women from the analysis did not affect the differences seen between the groups .
patient sex does not seem to be an independent [different] and exclusion of women from the analysis did not affect the differences seen between the groups .

Basal secretion is variable over short time periods and is also subject to the errors inherent in low volume collections .
basal secretion is [different] over short time periods and is also subject to the errors inherent in low volume collections .

Stepwise regression analysis with stratification by age confirmed that colonic disease was the only variable that was significantly related to survival ( log likelihood=-132.894 , χ 2 4 < 0.05 ) .
stepwise regression analysis with stratification by age confirmed that colonic disease was the only [different] that was significantly related to survival ( log likelihood=-132.894 , χ 2 4 < 0.05 ) .

Responses to eating are variable , some but not all investigators reporting an exaggerated response .
responses to eating are [different] , some but not all investigators reporting an exaggerated response .

One reason for these variable results may relate to the differing degress of stringency applied to the diagnosis and confirmation of complete gall stone dissolution .
one reason for these [different] results may relate to the differing degress of stringency applied to the diagnosis and confirmation of complete gall stone dissolution .

The use of second line drugs in the management of rheumatoid arthritis was also identified as an independent variable that significantly influenced leukotriene concentrations .
the use of second line drugs in the management of rheumatoid arthritis was also identified as an independent [different] that significantly influenced leukotriene concentrations .

Although age and sex did not influence the results , enhanced synthesis of lipoxygenase products has been reported in the synovial fluid and tissue of patients with rheumatoid arthritis or spondyloarthritis and it is possible that this was a confounding variable .
although age and sex did not influence the results , enhanced synthesis of lipoxygenase products has been reported in the synovial fluid and tissue of patients with rheumatoid arthritis or spondyloarthritis and it is possible that this was a confounding [different] .

The absence of any clear cut environmental influences on the variable hepatic response to alcohol has recently diverted attention towards a search for genetic factors that might offer an explanation .
the absence of any clear cut environmental influences on the [different] hepatic response to alcohol has recently diverted attention towards a search for genetic factors that might offer an explanation .

In these conditions , with the exception of cerebral palsy , the tachygastria is usually paroxysmal , and the increased frequency is somewhat variable .
in these conditions , with the exception of cerebral palsy , the tachygastria is usually paroxysmal , and the increased frequency is somewhat [different] .

Variable patterns of formaldehyde exposure may well account for this inconsistency in relation to other workers in formaldehyde-based industries .
[different] patterns of formaldehyde exposure may well account for this inconsistency in relation to other workers in formaldehyde-based industries .

Information regarding variable ventilation efficacy and levels of formaldehyde and micro-organism concentrations were sought .
information regarding [different] ventilation efficacy and levels of formaldehyde and micro-organism concentrations were sought .

The variable use of loop ileostomy is shown .
the [different] use of loop ileostomy is shown .

The functional result in patients with ulcerative colitis is extremely variable .
the functional result in patients with ulcerative colitis is extremely [different] .

The results of restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis are variable .
the results of restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis are [different] .

Different treatment regimes including intensive supportive care with a combination of antibiotics , steroids , dimercaprol , and disodium cromoglycate have produced variable success .
different treatment regimes including intensive supportive care with a combination of antibiotics , steroids , dimercaprol , and disodium cromoglycate have produced [different] success .

In conclusion food sensitivities are evident after treatment of Crohn 's disease with elemental diet but are variable , often do not persist , and are of insufficient importance to warrant putting all patients through elimination diets .
in conclusion food sensitivities are evident after treatment of crohn 's disease with elemental diet but are [different] , often do not persist , and are of insufficient importance to warrant putting all patients through elimination diets .

In the multivatiate regression analysis , radicality of surgery was the most important prognostic variable .
in the multivatiate regression analysis , radicality of surgery was the most important prognostic [different] .

Postfundoplication symptoms such as dysphagia , gas bloat , and epigastric pain may occur in variable degree , however , sometimes in a substantial umber of patients .
postfundoplication symptoms such as dysphagia , gas bloat , and epigastric pain may occur in [different] degree , however , sometimes in a substantial umber of patients .

Any patient characteristics which gave a p value of ≤0.1 or less were then used together in a multifactorial model in an analysis of variance with each index of oesophageal function being the dependent variable .
any patient characteristics which gave a p value of ≤0.1 or less were then used together in a multifactorial model in an analysis of variance with each index of oesophageal function being the dependent [different] .

The first using the Pugh score alone as independant variable ( Pugh model ) and , the second , including all variables ( Pugh excluded ) achieving a statistical significance of p < 0.1 in univariate analysis using χ 2 tests ( current model ) .
the first using the pugh score alone as independant [different] ( pugh model ) and , the second , including all variables ( pugh excluded ) achieving a statistical significance of p < 0.1 in univariate analysis using χ 2 tests ( current model ) .

The same procedure was then applied using only the Pugh score as independent variable to predict outcome at six weeks ( Pugh model ) .
the same procedure was then applied using only the pugh score as independent [different] to predict outcome at six weeks ( pugh model ) .

This suggests that , besides the residual liver function , the amount of the first variceal haemorrhage as reflected by the transfusion requirements for 72 hours after admission , is a key variable for estimating short term survival .
this suggests that , besides the residual liver function , the amount of the first variceal haemorrhage as reflected by the transfusion requirements for 72 hours after admission , is a key [different] for estimating short term survival .

This probably reflects two important phenomena : first the early rebleeding , known to be an important prognostic variable and second that volemic expansion might be harmful in cirrhotics bleeding from varices because of its positive effect on portal pressure .
this probably reflects two important phenomena : first the early rebleeding , known to be an important prognostic [different] and second that volemic expansion might be harmful in cirrhotics bleeding from varices because of its positive effect on portal pressure .

The results of these studies , however , were too variable to lead to the use of cholera toxin as a secretory model .
the results of these studies , however , were too [different] to lead to the use of cholera toxin as a secretory model .

The amount of diarrhoea in acute cholera infection is also very variable .
the amount of diarrhoea in acute cholera infection is also very [different] .

When cholera toxin is used as secretagogue a variable response in stool volume should thus be expected .
when cholera toxin is used as secretagogue a [different] response in stool volume should thus be expected .

Three logistic regressions were conducted in which the oesophageal mucosal status was a dichotomous criterion variable .
three logistic regressions were conducted in which the oesophageal mucosal status was a dichotomous criterion [different] .

To reduce the risk of variable staining intensities , Grimelius staining was performed at the same time for all the specimens of one examination year .
to reduce the risk of [different] staining intensities , grimelius staining was performed at the same time for all the specimens of one examination year .

In 1986 , the histological specimens of gastric corpus biopsy specimens showed variable amounts of diffuse argyrophil cell hyperplasia in 44 patients , nodular argyrophil hyperplasia in 15 patients , and carcinoid tumours in five patients .
in 1986 , the histological specimens of gastric corpus biopsy specimens showed [different] amounts of diffuse argyrophil cell hyperplasia in 44 patients , nodular argyrophil hyperplasia in 15 patients , and carcinoid tumours in five patients .

The lesion consists of loosely arranged fibrovascular connective tissue with a variable inflammatory infiltrate including eosinophils .
the lesion consists of loosely arranged fibrovascular connective tissue with a [different] inflammatory infiltrate including eosinophils .

Thus , the variable orientation and size of individual tissue samples might have affected our results .
thus , the [different] orientation and size of individual tissue samples might have affected our results .

During the seventies this form of finance became comparatively more attractive as it offered variable rates of interest ( which are tax deductible ) and the short nature of these loans was mitigated by the banks ' willingness to roll-over these loans on request .
during the seventies this form of finance became comparatively more attractive as it offered [different] rates of interest ( which are tax deductible ) and the short nature of these loans was mitigated by the banks ' willingness to roll-over these loans on request .

because they are linked to current market interest rates ( variable rate bonds or floating rate notes ) or to an index such as the retail price index ( index-linked bonds ) ; and some bonds make coupon payments only if the income generated by the firm that issued the bonds is sufficient , ( such bonds are known as income bonds ; unlike other bond-holders , an income bond-holder can not put the firm into liquidation if a coupon payment is not paid ) .
because they are linked to current market interest rates ( [different] rate bonds or floating rate notes ) or to an index such as the retail price index ( index-linked bonds ) ; and some bonds make coupon payments only if the income generated by the firm that issued the bonds is sufficient , ( such bonds are known as income bonds ; unlike other bond-holders , an income bond-holder can not put the firm into liquidation if a coupon payment is not paid ) .

FRNs are capital market securities , generally issued at par , in which the coupon payments are variable and depend on market rates of interest .
frns are capital market securities , generally issued at par , in which the coupon payments are [different] and depend on market rates of interest .

Marginal cost is defined as ‘ prime cost plus variable overheads ’ and is explained by the example in Table 3.3 .
marginal cost is defined as ‘ prime cost plus [different] overheads ’ and is explained by the example in table 3.3 .

If the same dimension of each item is measured and a graph drawn of the number of times each value of that dimension appears , as in Figure 7.4 , the result is called the frequency distribution of the variable or just the distribution .
if the same dimension of each item is measured and a graph drawn of the number of times each value of that dimension appears , as in figure 7.4 , the result is called the frequency distribution of the [different] or just the distribution .

In doing this it would have been helpful to include profitability or value added as the independent variable but in all countries there were many companies which did not know or would not release these figures in relation to individual products .
in doing this it would have been helpful to include profitability or value added as the independent [different] but in all countries there were many companies which did not know or would not release these figures in relation to individual products .

The productivity index , described above , was the dependent variable used as a measure of the productivity of the company .
the productivity index , described above , was the dependent [different] used as a measure of the productivity of the company .

In the remaining cases scoring was by means of descriptors , describing the manifestation of the variable in five increasing stages .
in the remaining cases scoring was by means of descriptors , describing the manifestation of the [different] in five increasing stages .

Yet , as will be seen in the next section , there were quite strong correlations between the scores for this variable and project success .
yet , as will be seen in the next section , there were quite strong correlations between the scores for this [different] and project success .

The nature of the variable is best explained by reference to the relevant descriptors in Table 8.2 .
the nature of the [different] is best explained by reference to the relevant descriptors in table 8.2 .

Variable Correlations within Countries
[different] correlations within countries

Correlations between the variables measuring project success and the independent variable were tested for and the results are presented in Tables 8.5 and 8.6 .
correlations between the variables measuring project success and the independent [different] were tested for and the results are presented in tables 8.5 and 8.6 .

There are smaller differences between countries for this variable than for the other dependents , and the overall significant correlations are reflected to some extent in all countries except Japan .
there are smaller differences between countries for this [different] than for the other dependents , and the overall significant correlations are reflected to some extent in all countries except japan .

Japan again showed low variance of the dependent variable and no significant Pearson r coefficients .
japan again showed low variance of the dependent [different] and no significant pearson r coefficients .

In plants , however , there are some highly variable asexual populations .
in plants , however , there are some highly [different] asexual populations .

Intermittent , soft , broken , variable and dotted lines suggest the cylindrical , conical and ellipsoidal forms of living organisms .
intermittent , soft , broken , [different] and dotted lines suggest the cylindrical , conical and ellipsoidal forms of living organisms .

However it is not until this twentieth century that variable space has become a conceptual reality ( see Chapters 5 and 14 ) .
however it is not until this twentieth century that [different] space has become a conceptual reality ( see chapters 5 and 14 ) .

Use of the autocue is another reason in favour of a variable floor , by the way .
use of the autocue is another reason in favour of a [different] floor , by the way .

Worried , Wilson confided in Mrs Browning that she feared Ellen might not have received her letter , the posts being so very variable , and was instructed to write again and have it sent with a reply paid , a system she was assured was possible if expensive .
worried , wilson confided in mrs browning that she feared ellen might not have received her letter , the posts being so very [different] , and was instructed to write again and have it sent with a reply paid , a system she was assured was possible if expensive .

Yet we all of us swim between the outside world and the internal , trying to look at ourselves from the outside and also looking from the inside at the world , having a sense of ourselves and how we look that may be variable and dependent on many things — mood , confirmation from others , self-esteem , changing trends in what is considered attractive .
yet we all of us swim between the outside world and the internal , trying to look at ourselves from the outside and also looking from the inside at the world , having a sense of ourselves and how we look that may be [different] and dependent on many things — mood , confirmation from others , self-esteem , changing trends in what is considered attractive .

Carthaginian coinage provides a good example , since the axis of coins made at Carthage was normally fixed at twelve , whereas that of coins made in the Sicilian or Sardinian provinces was variable .
carthaginian coinage provides a good example , since the axis of coins made at carthage was normally fixed at twelve , whereas that of coins made in the sicilian or sardinian provinces was [different] .

That is , when success occurs occasionally , not every time , and in a fairly random fashion , the behaviour that has produced this variable success becomes very ingrained and is difficult to eradicate .
that is , when success occurs occasionally , not every time , and in a fairly random fashion , the behaviour that has produced this [different] success becomes very ingrained and is difficult to eradicate .

These will probably be quite variable .
these will probably be quite [different] .

The history consisted of genealogies ( which were different in their emphases and resonances from place to place and from person to person ) and of anecdotes , poems , stories , all of which were similarly variable .
the history consisted of genealogies ( which were different in their emphases and resonances from place to place and from person to person ) and of anecdotes , poems , stories , all of which were similarly [different] .

Brian Tustian , who has farmed organically for five years is looking forward to the opportunity of dealing with his customers personally : it gives him a chance to put the case for organic produce himself , and he can cope better with the variable quantity of his supplies at a market .
brian tustian , who has farmed organically for five years is looking forward to the opportunity of dealing with his customers personally : it gives him a chance to put the case for organic produce himself , and he can cope better with the [different] quantity of his supplies at a market .

are the most variable of all the vine fruits — they can be small or large with various grades in between .
are the most [different] of all the vine fruits — they can be small or large with various grades in between .

is the king of English cheeses , but is as variable as English weather .
is the king of english cheeses , but is as [different] as english weather .

He says the variable pattern of snowfall does more to affect the figures than anything else .
he says the [different] pattern of snowfall does more to affect the figures than anything else .

But they also found that bosses ' pay is often less variable than that of ordinary workers .
but they also found that bosses ' pay is often less [different] than that of ordinary workers .

Interest rates have edged down , and more banks are switching to variable interest rates pegged to their prime lending rate .
interest rates have edged down , and more banks are switching to [different] interest rates pegged to their prime lending rate .

Tante Claire is even more amazing value and throws in coffee and petits fours ( variable ) on its two menus , one fishy , the other meaty .
tante claire is even more amazing value and throws in coffee and petits fours ( [different] ) on its two menus , one fishy , the other meaty .

‘ The difference between the fixed rate and their standard variable rate is often quite small after allowing for exit penalties from their existing loan and the start up costs of the new . ’
‘ the difference between the fixed rate and their standard [different] rate is often quite small after allowing for exit penalties from their existing loan and the start up costs of the new . ’

Robert Henderson on the high and lows of a Jose Carreras spectacular and a variable Don Carlos
robert henderson on the high and lows of a jose carreras spectacular and a [different] don carlos

Planting outside and around enclosures can offer protection from variable weather and give the animals a feeling of security .
planting outside and around enclosures can offer protection from [different] weather and give the animals a feeling of security .

Eighteen species of otter are known , all of similar shape , but variable in size .
eighteen species of otter are known , all of similar shape , but [different] in size .

The sponge skeleton is highly variable in shape : many are cup or flask shaped , others spherical or cauliflower-like , while some form flat plates folded together , or are encrusting .
the sponge skeleton is highly [different] in shape : many are cup or flask shaped , others spherical or cauliflower-like , while some form flat plates folded together , or are encrusting .

They can also be divided crossways into three regions , a well-defined head ( cephalon ) at the front , usually equipped with a pair of eyes , a thorax with a variable number of articulated segments , and at the back end a tail ( or pygidium ) formed by the fusion of several segments .
they can also be divided crossways into three regions , a well-defined head ( cephalon ) at the front , usually equipped with a pair of eyes , a thorax with a [different] number of articulated segments , and at the back end a tail ( or pygidium ) formed by the fusion of several segments .

Its sites were on variable , disturbed and fertilised soils and mainly included only the less vulnerable trees .
its sites were on [different] , disturbed and fertilised soils and mainly included only the less vulnerable trees .

Thirdly , discounting removes interest rate risk — the discount rate is fixed whereas the alternative is usually to fund the post-shipment credit period from overdraft linked to variable Base Rate .
thirdly , discounting removes interest rate risk — the discount rate is fixed whereas the alternative is usually to fund the post-shipment credit period from overdraft linked to [different] base rate .

the bureaucratic-professional dimension exists as a variable for organisational structure within organisations as well as between organisations . Morgan ( 1976 ) p. 22
the bureaucratic-professional dimension exists as a [different] for organisational structure within organisations as well as between organisations . morgan ( 1976 ) p. 22

In the diagram ‘ fixed costs ’ include maintenance , head teacher 's salary etc , while a large proportion of the variable costs will be represented by teachers and their salaries .
in the diagram ‘ fixed costs ’ include maintenance , head teacher 's salary etc , while a large proportion of the [different] costs will be represented by teachers and their salaries .

If extra pupils come to the school the money can be spent on the variable costs , increasing teaching numbers and providing more books and equipment .
if extra pupils come to the school the money can be spent on the [different] costs , increasing teaching numbers and providing more books and equipment .

Thus , only unsatisfied needs motivate , although the relative levels of satisfaction may be variable .
thus , only unsatisfied needs motivate , although the relative levels of satisfaction may be [different] .

The quartzo-feldspathic gneiss contains quartz , feldspar and hornblende as the principal minerals , variable though small amounts of biotite , and with iron ores and apatite as the common accessory minerals present .
the quartzo-feldspathic gneiss contains quartz , feldspar and hornblende as the principal minerals , [different] though small amounts of biotite , and with iron ores and apatite as the common accessory minerals present .

In general , the gneiss is quartz-rich but variable in character , and with hornblende patches and acid veins occasionally present .
in general , the gneiss is quartz-rich but [different] in character , and with hornblende patches and acid veins occasionally present .

In general these rocks have been subjected to high grade metamorphism , have a variable grain size , and occur in north west-south east trending belts , although they have also been recognised as small discontinuous lenses , a few metres in length , intercalated with other gneissic rocks .
in general these rocks have been subjected to high grade metamorphism , have a [different] grain size , and occur in north west-south east trending belts , although they have also been recognised as small discontinuous lenses , a few metres in length , intercalated with other gneissic rocks .

Firstly , in the lowlands the drifts comprise poorly sorted loamy sands or sands , with a variable content of stones and boulders .
firstly , in the lowlands the drifts comprise poorly sorted loamy sands or sands , with a [different] content of stones and boulders .

This is a rather variable type of vegetation and is characterised by constant Molinia caerulea , Scirpus cespitosus , Erica tetralix , Potentilla erecta and Calluna vulgaris , but any one or even two of these species might be missing .
this is a rather [different] type of vegetation and is characterised by constant molinia caerulea , scirpus cespitosus , erica tetralix , potentilla erecta and calluna vulgaris , but any one or even two of these species might be missing .

This sub-community is highly variable in respect of the dominant species but the Carex or Cladonia species are absent or uncommon .
this sub-community is highly [different] in respect of the dominant species but the carex or cladonia species are absent or uncommon .

The amount of rainfall available from the run-off would be variable , but should be between 30 and 33 per cent of the total .
the amount of rainfall available from the run-off would be [different] , but should be between 30 and 33 per cent of the total .

The global warming and the accompanying changes in rainfall are likely to be highly variable , and unpredictable in detail .
the global warming and the accompanying changes in rainfall are likely to be highly [different] , and unpredictable in detail .

By contrast , to the West of the Rift the mosaic nature of the relatively dry forest woodlands north of the Niger–Benue river system constituted a cradle for the evolution of the adaptable , partly terrestrial , chimpanzee with its variable fruit food supply and capacity for mobility .
by contrast , to the west of the rift the mosaic nature of the relatively dry forest woodlands north of the niger–benue river system constituted a cradle for the evolution of the adaptable , partly terrestrial , chimpanzee with its [different] fruit food supply and capacity for mobility .

Setting up and using the gun is straightforward , with the heat settings clearly marked on the rotating barrel ( temperature is infinitely variable ) .
setting up and using the gun is straightforward , with the heat settings clearly marked on the rotating barrel ( temperature is infinitely [different] ) .

The only controls are a variable speed dial mounted on the top of the trigger , and a small lock-on button .
the only controls are a [different] speed dial mounted on the top of the trigger , and a small lock-on button .

For this job there 's little point in buying a hand drill ; invest in an electric drill , ideally one with a 13mm ( ½in ) chuck , variable speed control and hammer action , so you can tackle a wide range of drilling jobs in all sorts of materials with just one tool .
for this job there 's little point in buying a hand drill ; invest in an electric drill , ideally one with a 13mm ( ½in ) chuck , [different] speed control and hammer action , so you can tackle a wide range of drilling jobs in all sorts of materials with just one tool .

Variable temperature control for saving energy .
[different] temperature control for saving energy .

Variable spin speed from 120rpm to 1000rpm .
[different] spin speed from 120rpm to 1000rpm .

Variable timer control , up to 120 minutes .
[different] timer control , up to 120 minutes .

With our standard fixed scheme , after 3 years your payments simply revert to our standard variable rate .
with our standard fixed scheme , after 3 years your payments simply revert to our standard [different] rate .

With HeadStart 531 , the amount you postpone , together with interest charged on that amount , is added to your original loan after 3 years and payments are then based on the new balance at the standard variable rate .
with headstart 531 , the amount you postpone , together with interest charged on that amount , is added to your original loan after 3 years and payments are then based on the new balance at the standard [different] rate .

These charges and interest rates are variable and the Bank reserves the right to amend them from time to time .
these charges and interest rates are [different] and the bank reserves the right to amend them from time to time .

fixed or variable interest rate , with opportunity to switch
fixed or [different] interest rate , with opportunity to switch

fixed or variable interest rate , with opportunity to switch
fixed or [different] interest rate , with opportunity to switch

The amount of delegation that occurs is thus highly variable and seldom entirely predictable .
the amount of delegation that occurs is thus highly [different] and seldom entirely predictable .

Instead of the 959 's computer-controlled variable front-rear power split , the Carrera 4 gets 31 per cent of the torque fed to the front wheels and 69 per cent to the rear .
instead of the 959 's computer-controlled [different] front-rear power split , the carrera 4 gets 31 per cent of the torque fed to the front wheels and 69 per cent to the rear .

This policy has brought it £24m of borrowings , most at variable rates , and Mr Linacre said replacing these borrowings with convertible preference shares , yielding 7 per cent , would save the group about £1.8m a year .
this policy has brought it £24m of borrowings , most at [different] rates , and mr linacre said replacing these borrowings with convertible preference shares , yielding 7 per cent , would save the group about £1.8m a year .

Standards were variable , of course , and first the cinema and then television wiped out a lot of bad theatre as well as some good .
standards were [different] , of course , and first the cinema and then television wiped out a lot of bad theatre as well as some good .

The problem arises whenever we try to use conscious awareness as a dependent variable : for example , when we want to decide whether or not a particular external event leads to a phenomenal event .
the problem arises whenever we try to use conscious awareness as a dependent [different] : for example , when we want to decide whether or not a particular external event leads to a phenomenal event .

Although bud break is early , leaf development is delayed and very variable .
although bud break is early , leaf development is delayed and very [different] .

It would , of course , have revealed some aspects of the variable world of police culture to the outside and this was unacceptable .
it would , of course , have revealed some aspects of the [different] world of police culture to the outside and this was unacceptable .

Stainless steel cutlery is a mix of steel ( itself a substance of variable quality ) , chromium and nickel .
stainless steel cutlery is a mix of steel ( itself a substance of [different] quality ) , chromium and nickel .

The cutting head is a router with a variable speed control ( 0–30,000rpm ) which is attached to the same shaft as a stylus .
the cutting head is a router with a [different] speed control ( 0–30,000rpm ) which is attached to the same shaft as a stylus .

Like Denmark , Holland is one of the more go-ahead countries with regard to the sexually transmitted diseases , but , lacking the centralized pathology laboratory , the standard outside the four clinics ( two in Rotterdam and one each in Amsterdam and Utrecht — there are no provincial or peripheral clinics ) is variable , with a few private practitioners providing the only reasonable alternative .
like denmark , holland is one of the more go-ahead countries with regard to the sexually transmitted diseases , but , lacking the centralized pathology laboratory , the standard outside the four clinics ( two in rotterdam and one each in amsterdam and utrecht — there are no provincial or peripheral clinics ) is [different] , with a few private practitioners providing the only reasonable alternative .

All these treatments have variable and unpredictable success because of the ‘ cropping ’ nature of the warts , and the ever-present possibility of reinfection by the sexual partner .
all these treatments have [different] and unpredictable success because of the ‘ cropping ’ nature of the warts , and the ever-present possibility of reinfection by the sexual partner .

One final point to consider is that this computer has a variable rate ascent warning .
one final point to consider is that this computer has a [different] rate ascent warning .

Coloration is very variable .
coloration is very [different] .

The modern climate , particularly the distribution of rainfall , has combined with different soils to produce the variable vegetation which now covers our landscape .
the modern climate , particularly the distribution of rainfall , has combined with different soils to produce the [different] vegetation which now covers our landscape .

Many factors must be taken into account when choosing the most suitable enterprise for a smallholding ; some fixed , others variable and within the influence of the farmer .
many factors must be taken into account when choosing the most suitable enterprise for a smallholding ; some fixed , others [different] and within the influence of the farmer .

Oat straw , although variable in quality , generally makes good bulk fodder for cattle .
oat straw , although [different] in quality , generally makes good bulk fodder for cattle .

Regression analysis is a statistical technique for predicting demand for a product ( a dependent variable ) from the value of one or more other factors ( independent variables ) .
regression analysis is a statistical technique for predicting demand for a product ( a dependent [different] ) from the value of one or more other factors ( independent variables ) .

These can be very variable depending on the culture of the company .
these can be very [different] depending on the culture of the company .

This is variable , depending on how the two parties perceive the relationship .
this is [different] , depending on how the two parties perceive the relationship .

There was a genuine public image of national strength and rising prosperity , though the latter was distinctly variable in its regional impact .
there was a genuine public image of national strength and rising prosperity , though the latter was distinctly [different] in its regional impact .

Rudd designed his monocoque car for 1963 — ‘ it had clever tricks like inboard variable race suspension , but it was a dog ’ — and also he found himself committed by Sir Alfred to building a Le Mans car powered by Rover 's gas turbine .
rudd designed his monocoque car for 1963 — ‘ it had clever tricks like inboard [different] race suspension , but it was a dog ’ — and also he found himself committed by sir alfred to building a le mans car powered by rover 's gas turbine .

How far unions are binding , how far they are exclusive , how long they last , whether they bind men and women equally , whether sexual unions are public or merely private matters , whether the recognition of unions is inevitably linked with the legitimation of children — all these questions and many more are so variable that many anthropologists would argue that is not possible to give a valid universal definition of marriage [ Leach , 1961 ] .
how far unions are binding , how far they are exclusive , how long they last , whether they bind men and women equally , whether sexual unions are public or merely private matters , whether the recognition of unions is inevitably linked with the legitimation of children — all these questions and many more are so [different] that many anthropologists would argue that is not possible to give a valid universal definition of marriage [ leach , 1961 ] .

In the first of these three cases , education formed the main variable .
in the first of these three cases , education formed the main [different] .

Hill soils are acid and low in available phosphorus ( 5 ) and in many have an accumulation of organic matter , either within the profile or on the surface as peat , the depth of which can be variable , ( 5 — 3,500 cm ) .
hill soils are acid and low in available phosphorus ( 5 ) and in many have an accumulation of organic matter , either within the profile or on the surface as peat , the depth of which can be [different] , ( 5 — 3,500 cm ) .

This , then , is the model which seems to us most appropriate for attempting empirically to answer our question : How can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? Using the six measurement criteria summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent variable ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent variable ) in a number of different ways .
this , then , is the model which seems to us most appropriate for attempting empirically to answer our question : how can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? using the six measurement criteria summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent [different] ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent [different] ) in a number of different ways .

The degree to which opportunities for either vertical or horizontal career mobility have been developed for the paraprofessional social service worker is highly variable among the countries we studied and between geographic areas within these countries .
the degree to which opportunities for either vertical or horizontal career mobility have been developed for the paraprofessional social service worker is highly [different] among the countries we studied and between geographic areas within these countries .

It validated what had previously only been personal impressions : that the work was variable , time consuming , complex and required considerable skill .
it validated what had previously only been personal impressions : that the work was [different] , time consuming , complex and required considerable skill .

And there was the revolution in transport and communications which is still in progress , and which is a variable factor , producing pluses and minuses at different stages .
and there was the revolution in transport and communications which is still in progress , and which is a [different] factor , producing pluses and minuses at different stages .

The opening chapter uses a slightly different method and looks at the greatest variable in improving — namely ourselves , since the way we approach and react to learning greatly affects the end result .
the opening chapter uses a slightly different method and looks at the greatest [different] in improving — namely ourselves , since the way we approach and react to learning greatly affects the end result .

At a windsurfing school the environment is carefully chosen to be safe and suitable for quick progress , with the wind being the only variable .
at a windsurfing school the environment is carefully chosen to be safe and suitable for quick progress , with the wind being the only [different] .

To this we can add another variable the rocker line of the board .
to this we can add another [different] the rocker line of the board .

These are variable , of course , but in many cases there are severe psychological after-effects — trauma , fear , and mistrust — which deeply affect the victim 's ability to lead a normal life for some time to come .
these are [different] , of course , but in many cases there are severe psychological after-effects — trauma , fear , and mistrust — which deeply affect the victim 's ability to lead a normal life for some time to come .

Our special pull-out centre section explains how to select quality lambs to meet the precise needs of the market once the variable premium has been abolished .
our special pull-out centre section explains how to select quality lambs to meet the precise needs of the market once the [different] premium has been abolished .

Right : Selecting quality lambs to meet the precise needs of the market will be critical once the variable premium has been abolished .
right : selecting quality lambs to meet the precise needs of the market will be critical once the [different] premium has been abolished .

Brian Scott , secretary of the Processed Vegetable Growers ' Association , comments : ‘ It is n't easy and yields are very variable .
brian scott , secretary of the processed vegetable growers ' association , comments : ‘ it is n't easy and yields are very [different] .

Sheep producers , in particular , found it difficult to escape worries about continuing fixed and variable cost increases and the ending of the sheepmeat variable premium that put a floor in the market .
sheep producers , in particular , found it difficult to escape worries about continuing fixed and [different] cost increases and the ending of the sheepmeat [different] premium that put a floor in the market .

‘ This is attractive for when the variable premium goes many farmers will look at early lamb production , which has not been profitable enough in the past when the cost of spongeing was included .
‘ this is attractive for when the [different] premium goes many farmers will look at early lamb production , which has not been profitable enough in the past when the cost of spongeing was included .

‘ The changes facing the industry with the ending of the variable premium in a few months time made buyers highly selective , ’ said auctioneer Michael Walton who managed to extract an average £1000 for ram lambs against a 1990 figure of £1209 .
‘ the changes facing the industry with the ending of the [different] premium in a few months time made buyers highly selective , ’ said auctioneer michael walton who managed to extract an average £1000 for ram lambs against a 1990 figure of £1209 .

Revs variable at low rpm
revs [different] at low rpm

Probably the most popular and variable group is Begonia rex , with large pointed leaved varieties in single or banded colours from silver , green and white to deep maroon .
probably the most popular and [different] group is begonia rex , with large pointed leaved varieties in single or banded colours from silver , green and white to deep maroon .

‘ Very variable . ’
‘ very [different] . ’

The infill of the cave is made up of a wide variety of materials , from silts to large stones , and the radioactive content of these materials is similarly variable .
the infill of the cave is made up of a wide variety of materials , from silts to large stones , and the radioactive content of these materials is similarly [different] .

Prices are highly variable and no guide is available whatsoever with regard to quality or performance .
prices are highly [different] and no guide is available whatsoever with regard to quality or performance .

Pots and pans , etc : The variable nature of this task with soil loads ranging from light to very heavy can impose special problems if a continuous flow of items is to be handled .
pots and pans , etc : the [different] nature of this task with soil loads ranging from light to very heavy can impose special problems if a continuous flow of items is to be handled .

In this illustration a very obvious physiographic variable can not be ignored and is integral as part of the explanation , as well as an explanation for human action .
in this illustration a very obvious physiographic [different] can not be ignored and is integral as part of the explanation , as well as an explanation for human action .

Tradition , the node , is the centre , and the future is the infinitely variable capacity of elaboration radiating outwards to the periphery of wider and wider circles .
tradition , the node , is the centre , and the future is the infinitely [different] capacity of elaboration radiating outwards to the periphery of wider and wider circles .

Once again we are led to the provisional conclusion that the poll tax was only one variable determining party support in individual district authorities , not least because of the problems voters had in deciding where responsibility lay .
once again we are led to the provisional conclusion that the poll tax was only one [different] determining party support in individual district authorities , not least because of the problems voters had in deciding where responsibility lay .

Nationwide is giving new borrowers 12 months ' free unemployment , accident and sickness insurance as part of a mortgage package that also offers up to a two percentage point discount off the variable mortgage rate .
nationwide is giving new borrowers 12 months ' free unemployment , accident and sickness insurance as part of a mortgage package that also offers up to a two percentage point discount off the [different] mortgage rate .

The amounts are variable and are to be debited annually .
the amounts are [different] and are to be debited annually .

All of these may vary from brew to brew , leading to beers with variable bitterness .
all of these may vary from brew to brew , leading to beers with [different] bitterness .

The sensor can be adjusted through 180° horizontally and 90° vertically , so the detection zone is therefore almost infinitely variable .
the sensor can be adjusted through 180° horizontally and 90° vertically , so the detection zone is therefore almost infinitely [different] .

The saw has a 550watt ( input ) motor and features variable speed and orbital action saw blade , yet it weights only 3kg ( 6.6lb ) so it is quite light to use .
the saw has a 550watt ( input ) motor and features [different] speed and orbital action saw blade , yet it weights only 3kg ( 6.6lb ) so it is quite light to use .

It works with a variable speed trigger , but the speed ( 0–400rpm ) is considerably slower than a normal percussion drill .
it works with a [different] speed trigger , but the speed ( 0–400rpm ) is considerably slower than a normal percussion drill .

The 4320 jigsaw has a variable speed control mounted in the trigger , a lock-on button to maintain the desired cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .
the 4320 jigsaw has a [different] speed control mounted in the trigger , a lock-on button to maintain the desired cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .

The concentrations are very variable , but though there is evidence of their being at higher levels near cities and urban areas , there is no necessary connection with waste-disposal sites .
the concentrations are very [different] , but though there is evidence of their being at higher levels near cities and urban areas , there is no necessary connection with waste-disposal sites .

Pound may be right or wrong about the merits of Binyon 's version , as about the sorts of language that are acceptable in verse translation ; what is certain is that he 's here applying to diction a sort of sliding scale or set of variable standards such as Ford 's principles did n't allow for .
pound may be right or wrong about the merits of binyon 's version , as about the sorts of language that are acceptable in verse translation ; what is certain is that he 's here applying to diction a sort of sliding scale or set of [different] standards such as ford 's principles did n't allow for .

However , Winters was to decide that Williams was ‘ wholly incapable of coherent thought ’ , and when Williams tried to explain his own rhythmical procedures he invented ‘ the variable foot ’ — which is , as has been remarked , the equivalent of a rubber inch .
however , winters was to decide that williams was ‘ wholly incapable of coherent thought ’ , and when williams tried to explain his own rhythmical procedures he invented ‘ the [different] foot ’ — which is , as has been remarked , the equivalent of a rubber inch .

Fig. 2 . Binary tree to generate variable length codes
fig. 2 . binary tree to generate [different] length codes

In principle , the average direct voltage of a rectangular waveform depends on the ratio of a fixed-width part of the waveform to the variable width of one cycle .
in principle , the average direct voltage of a rectangular waveform depends on the ratio of a fixed-width part of the waveform to the [different] width of one cycle .

Although no incentive frills are attached to a National Savings Investment Account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .
although no incentive frills are attached to a national savings investment account , the [different] interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .

Although no incentive frills are attached to a National Savings Investment Account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .
although no incentive frills are attached to a national savings investment account , the [different] interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .

Although no incentive frills are attached to a National Savings Investment Account , the variable interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .
although no incentive frills are attached to a national savings investment account , the [different] interest rate paid gross ( currently 11.75 per cent ) tends to be around 3 per cent higher than the best net rates offered by the major competitors .

As with many of the village cottages , some of the bricks probably originated from the brickworks of Frampton , notorious for their variable quality .
as with many of the village cottages , some of the bricks probably originated from the brickworks of frampton , notorious for their [different] quality .

The division between formal and informal is based on the distinction between wage-earning and self-employment , with the key variable being the rationalisation of work , in other words whether or not labour is recruited on a permanent or regular basis for fixed reward .
the division between formal and informal is based on the distinction between wage-earning and self-employment , with the key [different] being the rationalisation of work , in other words whether or not labour is recruited on a permanent or regular basis for fixed reward .

Due to the irregular method of payment , the amount of income is low and variable .
due to the irregular method of payment , the amount of income is low and [different] .

Facilities for wheelchairs in public places are variable in Britain .
facilities for wheelchairs in public places are [different] in britain .

Because the actual physical damage was so variable in its extent , it was immediately obvious to the early investigators that the almost total mortality was not solely the result of the force of the blast , since there would have been at least a few survivors in areas where the blast was less severe .
because the actual physical damage was so [different] in its extent , it was immediately obvious to the early investigators that the almost total mortality was not solely the result of the force of the blast , since there would have been at least a few survivors in areas where the blast was less severe .

If they go into therapy , they may be disappointed to find that while their marriage is improving or more comfortable generally , sex has ‘ gone off ’ as it starts to become more variable and follow their actual mood .
if they go into therapy , they may be disappointed to find that while their marriage is improving or more comfortable generally , sex has ‘ gone off ’ as it starts to become more [different] and follow their actual mood .

North West Gas used the census variable ‘ dwellings with no inside wc ’ to find areas at serious risk from blocked flues .
north west gas used the census [different] ‘ dwellings with no inside wc ’ to find areas at serious risk from blocked flues .

Political targeting includes the census variable ‘ percentage travelling to work on foot ’ .
political targeting includes the census [different] ‘ percentage travelling to work on foot ’ .

Lola kept track of patients whose personalities were as variable as the weather ( ‘ One minute Paul says he does not want his wife any more and the next he has changed his mind ’ ) , she listened to their grievances ( ‘ Josef thinks he is fit to work and look after himself ; says he is being kept a prisoner … but he is very confused and deluded ’ ) and even mediated between doctors ( ‘ Dr Freymann said … it must be a genuine case of epilepsy … but … Dr Sommers feels that Regina has nothing to lose and a great deal to gain if she follows his advice re support for her floating kidney ’ ) .
lola kept track of patients whose personalities were as [different] as the weather ( ‘ one minute paul says he does not want his wife any more and the next he has changed his mind ’ ) , she listened to their grievances ( ‘ josef thinks he is fit to work and look after himself ; says he is being kept a prisoner … but he is very confused and deluded ’ ) and even mediated between doctors ( ‘ dr freymann said … it must be a genuine case of epilepsy … but … dr sommers feels that regina has nothing to lose and a great deal to gain if she follows his advice re support for her floating kidney ’ ) .

Secondly , Phillips took no account of the expected rate of inflation in his analysis , a variable which , as we have seen , is now believed to be an important influence on the inflation rate .
secondly , phillips took no account of the expected rate of inflation in his analysis , a [different] which , as we have seen , is now believed to be an important influence on the inflation rate .

Naturally these rates are variable according to hours flown and individual costs , but generally the more flying you do the lower the all-in hourly rate becomes .
naturally these rates are [different] according to hours flown and individual costs , but generally the more flying you do the lower the all-in hourly rate becomes .

If shaft flexibility is not important dynamically there seems little point in introducing it as an unwanted variable in the swing .
if shaft flexibility is not important dynamically there seems little point in introducing it as an unwanted [different] in the swing .

The kind of practical tasks they carried out for the sufferer were of course very variable .
the kind of practical tasks they carried out for the sufferer were of course very [different] .

They are fine-boned , short-legged , deep in the body and with fine , short horns curving inwards and slightly upwards at the tips in most cases , though direction of growth is variable .
they are fine-boned , short-legged , deep in the body and with fine , short horns curving inwards and slightly upwards at the tips in most cases , though direction of growth is [different] .

You need an anchor at each end of the punt , on a variable length of rope so that you can fish at any depth of swim on the water .
you need an anchor at each end of the punt , on a [different] length of rope so that you can fish at any depth of swim on the water .

Material which is variable in approach or content ( as in some series ) should not be acquired through standing order .
material which is [different] in approach or content ( as in some series ) should not be acquired through standing order .

Standards of typography will rarely be a decisive factor in selection , but there is no doubt that small print is disliked by many readers — including those with good eyesight — and should be avoided on the relatively rare occasions that alternatives are available ( for instance , with the different editions of popular classics , or with light fiction , where the choice is very wide and content is less variable ) .
standards of typography will rarely be a decisive factor in selection , but there is no doubt that small print is disliked by many readers — including those with good eyesight — and should be avoided on the relatively rare occasions that alternatives are available ( for instance , with the different editions of popular classics , or with light fiction , where the choice is very wide and content is less [different] ) .

It is clear that if a method of examining use is to be devised which does not lean entirely upon the librarian 's judgement , that method must be sophisticated enough to take into account the many variable factors .
it is clear that if a method of examining use is to be devised which does not lean entirely upon the librarian 's judgement , that method must be sophisticated enough to take into account the many [different] factors .

Climate is broadly similar in the two Regions , though more variable in Wales because of the coastal influence .
climate is broadly similar in the two regions , though more [different] in wales because of the coastal influence .

This continued with variable results until the depot at Squires Gate was demolished in a gale during February 1903 .
this continued with [different] results until the depot at squires gate was demolished in a gale during february 1903 .

Beyond the issue of the meaning of sentience , we have seen that the relation of injury to pain and its associated behaviours is highly variable in man .
beyond the issue of the meaning of sentience , we have seen that the relation of injury to pain and its associated behaviours is highly [different] in man .

This is so even though , inevitably , the amount that you might earn is variable .
this is so even though , inevitably , the amount that you might earn is [different] .

The structural formulae and figures are , however , of variable quality .
the structural formulae and figures are , however , of [different] quality .

Above a variable basal clastic unit , the lower Viséan west of Lough Neagh is dominantly a limestone sequence culminating in the Ballyshannon Limestone ( Fig .
above a [different] basal clastic unit , the lower viséan west of lough neagh is dominantly a limestone sequence culminating in the ballyshannon limestone ( fig .

This highly variable unit is not recognised to the east .
this highly [different] unit is not recognised to the east .

He has thus determined a general class of non-colinear solutions , and he was able to show that , when the appropriate boundary conditions have been applied , the approaching waves necessarily have variable polarization .
he has thus determined a general class of non-colinear solutions , and he was able to show that , when the appropriate boundary conditions have been applied , the approaching waves necessarily have [different] polarization .

( 13.33 ) It may immediately be observed that the approaching waves have variable polarization except in the aligned limit .
( 13.33 ) it may immediately be observed that the approaching waves have [different] polarization except in the aligned limit .

Pellet structure must therefore be seen as an extremely variable character , and one that it would be difficult to quantify in any meaningful way .
pellet structure must therefore be seen as an extremely [different] character , and one that it would be difficult to quantify in any meaningful way .

Most of this work has been done using a standard binocular light microscope with variable ×8 to ×40 magnification , but extensive use has also been made of the scanning electron microscope .
most of this work has been done using a standard binocular light microscope with [different] ×8 to ×40 magnification , but extensive use has also been made of the scanning electron microscope .

The sample size for the little owl is small and the variable results for this species can probably be attributed to this .
the sample size for the little owl is small and the [different] results for this species can probably be attributed to this .

In one way it is more limited , in that it is restricted to rodents , but in another it is less limited because rodent incisors are less variable between rodent taxonomic groups than are the molars .
in one way it is more limited , in that it is restricted to rodents , but in another it is less limited because rodent incisors are less [different] between rodent taxonomic groups than are the molars .

For many years secondment has been a local activity of variable quality and quantity .
for many years secondment has been a local activity of [different] quality and quantity .

The first variable is syntactic : the use of and versus with as a means of relating two singular characters .
the first [different] is syntactic : the use of and versus with as a means of relating two singular characters .

The second variable is description type : whether the characters are introduced through proper names ( e.g .
the second [different] is description type : whether the characters are introduced through proper names ( e.g .

One variable , ontological sameness , holds that plural pronominal reference becomes possible when two mentioned individuals ( henceforth ‘ atomic individuals ’ ) are of the same ontological type ( Herweg 1988 ) .
one [different] , ontological sameness , holds that plural pronominal reference becomes possible when two mentioned individuals ( henceforth ‘ atomic individuals ’ ) are of the same ontological type ( herweg 1988 ) .

Duncan and Goodwin claim that state institutions are invaluable in the management and organization of the differentiated and spatially variable societies typical of capitalism , and that to be successful such state intervention should take place on a local as well as a national level .
duncan and goodwin claim that state institutions are invaluable in the management and organization of the differentiated and spatially [different] societies typical of capitalism , and that to be successful such state intervention should take place on a local as well as a national level .

For uneven development also means that social groups are spatially constituted and differentiated , with variable local strengths and importance .
for uneven development also means that social groups are spatially constituted and differentiated , with [different] local strengths and importance .

It said that where a dominant enterprise charged prices below the average variable cost , those prices must necessarily be considered predatory , because the enterprise could have no other interest in charging loss-making prices besides the elimination of its competitors .
it said that where a dominant enterprise charged prices below the average [different] cost , those prices must necessarily be considered predatory , because the enterprise could have no other interest in charging loss-making prices besides the elimination of its competitors .

However , where , as was the case with Akzo 's pricing policy , the prices charged were below average total cost ( that is , including fixed costs ) but above average variable cost , they could only be considered predatory if they were established as part of a plan to eliminate competitors .
however , where , as was the case with akzo 's pricing policy , the prices charged were below average total cost ( that is , including fixed costs ) but above average [different] cost , they could only be considered predatory if they were established as part of a plan to eliminate competitors .

In the open market of credit trading there were , of course , all kinds of permutations and combinations , the main variable factor being how long the lender would wait for his loan to be repaid .
in the open market of credit trading there were , of course , all kinds of permutations and combinations , the main [different] factor being how long the lender would wait for his loan to be repaid .

This is a complex , variable mixture and the efficiency of conversion is very low .
this is a complex , [different] mixture and the efficiency of conversion is very low .

The polarisation of the photon provides the single dynamical variable that Bell postulates and , as required , it can take only one of the two values : a photon or ‘ parcel ’ of light , may be polarised in a plane either parallel or perpendicular to a defined direction in space .
the polarisation of the photon provides the single dynamical [different] that bell postulates and , as required , it can take only one of the two values : a photon or ‘ parcel ’ of light , may be polarised in a plane either parallel or perpendicular to a defined direction in space .

Basically , Brenner 's methods involve applying the statistical technique of regression analysis , such as econometricians use to identify simple equations whereby the value of one variable can be predicted given the values of other variables .
basically , brenner 's methods involve applying the statistical technique of regression analysis , such as econometricians use to identify simple equations whereby the value of one [different] can be predicted given the values of other variables .

Some animals move far more efficiently than others , and in general the race is to the big . But springiness and coordination of swing are the in variable components of all motion on land
some animals move far more efficiently than others , and in general the race is to the big . but springiness and coordination of swing are the in [different] components of all motion on land

The shell has a mathematically simple form , and , roughly speaking , its shape can be understood as the result of a that organ , the mantle , which itself grows at a variable rate but secretes minerals at a rate proportional to the length of its periphery .
the shell has a mathematically simple form , and , roughly speaking , its shape can be understood as the result of a that organ , the mantle , which itself grows at a [different] rate but secretes minerals at a rate proportional to the length of its periphery .

They repeated the experiment and obtained variable able results : often the ethylene decomposed to carbon and hydrogen .
they repeated the experiment and obtained [different] able results : often the ethylene decomposed to carbon and hydrogen .

On 10 October , winds were light and variable .
on 10 october , winds were light and [different] .

By and large , climatologists agree that two ‘ perturbations ’ have been affecting trends in temperature during the present century : the warming influence of this increase in carbon dioxide , and the variable cooling influence produced when great volcanic eruptions spread dust high into the stratosphere , blocking some of the heat from the Sun .
by and large , climatologists agree that two ‘ perturbations ’ have been affecting trends in temperature during the present century : the warming influence of this increase in carbon dioxide , and the [different] cooling influence produced when great volcanic eruptions spread dust high into the stratosphere , blocking some of the heat from the sun .

With so many variable factors , it ought to be possible to provide a ‘ fit ’ to almost any curve ; the interesting point of the study is whether or not the scale factors put into the equations seem to be saying anything that would lead to an elucidation of the influences at work .
with so many [different] factors , it ought to be possible to provide a ‘ fit ’ to almost any curve ; the interesting point of the study is whether or not the scale factors put into the equations seem to be saying anything that would lead to an elucidation of the influences at work .

One of their chemical properties is ‘ variable oxidation state ’ — the ability to part with different numbers of electrons .
one of their chemical properties is ‘ [different] oxidation state ’ — the ability to part with different numbers of electrons .

Game theory demonstrates that it is usually most adaptive to be variable or unpredictable , so long as evolution or personal experience takes care to set the odds appropriately .
game theory demonstrates that it is usually most adaptive to be [different] or unpredictable , so long as evolution or personal experience takes care to set the odds appropriately .

There must be a point beyond which no set of built-in computer-like elements can suffice to account for an animal 's apparent grasp of its situation , particularly in the face of variable or unpredictable environmental contingencies .
there must be a point beyond which no set of built-in computer-like elements can suffice to account for an animal 's apparent grasp of its situation , particularly in the face of [different] or unpredictable environmental contingencies .

The initial emphasis of the project was therefore linguistic and , clinically examined , it might have appeared that to carry on with current curricula , making the change of language policy the only variable , would have made for more easily comparable results .
the initial emphasis of the project was therefore linguistic and , clinically examined , it might have appeared that to carry on with current curricula , making the change of language policy the only [different] , would have made for more easily comparable results .

In northern France this had been traditionally organized by the institution known as the villa , a country estate of variable size , often more or less the equivalent of a village , where all the land was the lord 's ; some part of it he let out to tenants , some part of it he farmed directly ; but even his own domain was in large measure tilled by the peasant tenants , who held their land in return for services in money , services in kind , and above all labour-services , for a defined amount of work for the lord .
in northern france this had been traditionally organized by the institution known as the villa , a country estate of [different] size , often more or less the equivalent of a village , where all the land was the lord 's ; some part of it he let out to tenants , some part of it he farmed directly ; but even his own domain was in large measure tilled by the peasant tenants , who held their land in return for services in money , services in kind , and above all labour-services , for a defined amount of work for the lord .

All capital , constant and variable , has one turnover once per production period .
all capital , constant and [different] , has one turnover once per production period .

Further , if we designate the surplus-value accumulated as variable capital as Δv , and that accumulated as constant capital Δc , we find :
further , if we designate the surplus-value accumulated as [different] capital as δv , and that accumulated as constant capital δc , we find :

If we let indicate that part of the surplus-value which serves for the personal consumption of the capitalists , and that which is turned into capital , thus , it we make and correspondingly , if we further let indicate that part of the surplus-value which is accumulated as a part of the constant capital , and that part of the surplus-value which is to be accumulated as a part of the variable capital , and thus posit and correspondingly thus the general formula for the product of both departments takes on the following form :
if we let indicate that part of the surplus-value which serves for the personal consumption of the capitalists , and that which is turned into capital , thus , it we make and correspondingly , if we further let indicate that part of the surplus-value which is accumulated as a part of the constant capital , and that part of the surplus-value which is to be accumulated as a part of the [different] capital , and thus posit and correspondingly thus the general formula for the product of both departments takes on the following form :

As far as the constant and variable capital is concerned the values which are replaced — — are clearly distinguished from the increments and , and these latter represent additional values and use-values .
as far as the constant and [different] capital is concerned the values which are replaced — — are clearly distinguished from the increments and , and these latter represent additional values and use-values .

The significant difference is that our interpretation of the capital-output ratio includes variable capital , not merely fixed capital stock .
the significant difference is that our interpretation of the capital-output ratio includes [different] capital , not merely fixed capital stock .

It is obvious that the aggregate demand for consumption goods must Brow at the same rate as the production of such commodities if equilibrium is to be maintained ; but there is an inherent drive within the capitalist system to reduce the amount of variable capital advanced or employed for the purchase of labour-power as a proportion of the total capital advanced .
it is obvious that the aggregate demand for consumption goods must brow at the same rate as the production of such commodities if equilibrium is to be maintained ; but there is an inherent drive within the capitalist system to reduce the amount of [different] capital advanced or employed for the purchase of labour-power as a proportion of the total capital advanced .

Does this difference constitute a part of the variable capital or should it be considered as being part of the social surplus-value ?
does this difference constitute a part of the [different] capital or should it be considered as being part of the social surplus-value ?

Total consumption is not the relevant part of this equation ; rather the consumption of producers is the key variable .
total consumption is not the relevant part of this equation ; rather the consumption of producers is the key [different] .

An excellent air conditioning system , independently variable between the driver 's and passenger 's sides and fitted as standard , improves on an already good ventilation system , although its controls and high-tech graphic display are not easy to understand at a glance .
an excellent air conditioning system , independently [different] between the driver 's and passenger 's sides and fitted as standard , improves on an already good ventilation system , although its controls and high-tech graphic display are not easy to understand at a glance .

Beneath the skin , Rover was first to put a car on the market with a truly convincing continuously variable transmission .
beneath the skin , rover was first to put a car on the market with a truly convincing continuously [different] transmission .

The performances of the Piano Quartets are also more variable .
the performances of the piano quartets are also more [different] .

The significance of these phases , in addition to hydroxyapatite , is their variable bioactivity and solubility after implantation .
the significance of these phases , in addition to hydroxyapatite , is their [different] bioactivity and solubility after implantation .

Reproducible immobilisation is difficult because of problems of variable denaturation of the protein during retention .
reproducible immobilisation is difficult because of problems of [different] denaturation of the protein during retention .

These processes are both complex and variable , and form the content of this book .
these processes are both complex and [different] , and form the content of this book .

The numbers recorded each winter are very variable , ranging since 1947 , for example , from three in the winter of 1960/61 to about 1,670 in the winter of 1962/63 .
the numbers recorded each winter are very [different] , ranging since 1947 , for example , from three in the winter of 1960/61 to about 1,670 in the winter of 1962/63 .

Very few Shelduck are present in August and September , most of the resident adult population leaving to moult in July and a variable proportion of the young of the year following later ; some September counts in Chichester Harbour have found as few as three present .
very few shelduck are present in august and september , most of the resident adult population leaving to moult in july and a [different] proportion of the young of the year following later ; some september counts in chichester harbour have found as few as three present .

These are then attributed to the variable being studied — the new course .
these are then attributed to the [different] being studied — the new course .

The response to the problem has been variable , with excellent services being established in some areas and woefully inadequate facilities continuing in others .
the response to the problem has been [different] , with excellent services being established in some areas and woefully inadequate facilities continuing in others .

Crime , then , has to be seen as a socially variable phenomenon : it reflects what particular societies and governments , at particular times , include within their criminal laws and practices .
crime , then , has to be seen as a socially [different] phenomenon : it reflects what particular societies and governments , at particular times , include within their criminal laws and practices .

Finally , as we have shown earlier , what is defined as criminal varies across time and place , thus making it difficult to argue that in-built differences between the sexes can explain what is a variable phenomena .
finally , as we have shown earlier , what is defined as criminal varies across time and place , thus making it difficult to argue that in-built differences between the sexes can explain what is a [different] phenomena .

a loan with a fixed interest rate and repayment date , or variable such as dividends on ordinary share capital ( common stock ) , the latter not being subject to repayment by the issuer , as the corporation will be in existence indefinitely , e.g .
a loan with a fixed interest rate and repayment date , or [different] such as dividends on ordinary share capital ( common stock ) , the latter not being subject to repayment by the issuer , as the corporation will be in existence indefinitely , e.g .

This market deals with the provision of medium and long-term loans on a fixed or variable interest rate basis by banks to corporations and governments .
this market deals with the provision of medium and long-term loans on a fixed or [different] interest rate basis by banks to corporations and governments .

Most bonds have fixed or variable interest rates and are listed/quoted on major stock exchanges .
most bonds have fixed or [different] interest rates and are listed/quoted on major stock exchanges .

It is also used as a reference point for interest chargeable on variable rate loans .
it is also used as a reference point for interest chargeable on [different] rate loans .

The average bid and offer rates then calculated are known as the London interbank fixing rates and are used for reference purposes in variable interest rate loan agreements .
the average bid and offer rates then calculated are known as the london interbank fixing rates and are used for reference purposes in [different] interest rate loan agreements .

The interest rate risks associated with fixed rate loans funded by variable rate deposits have encouraged banks to make floating or variable interest rate loans ( sometimes referred to as roll-over loans ) .
the interest rate risks associated with fixed rate loans funded by [different] rate deposits have encouraged banks to make floating or [different] interest rate loans ( sometimes referred to as roll-over loans ) .

Compare and contrast fixed rate and variable rate loans .
compare and contrast fixed rate and [different] rate loans .

Unfortunately , much of this vast publicly available information resource is bibliographically ill-organised , is of very variable quality , and is frequently difficult to access or acquire The problems of accessing and acquiring such information have been greatly aggravated by the need for enterprises more and more to compete on a global basis ( compare , for example , the ‘ 1992 ’ initiative ; suddenly , we have to know all about Greece ! ) .
unfortunately , much of this vast publicly available information resource is bibliographically ill-organised , is of very [different] quality , and is frequently difficult to access or acquire the problems of accessing and acquiring such information have been greatly aggravated by the need for enterprises more and more to compete on a global basis ( compare , for example , the ‘ 1992 ’ initiative ; suddenly , we have to know all about greece ! ) .

In the private sector , there is little control over fees and curricula , and standards are very variable .
in the private sector , there is little control over fees and curricula , and standards are very [different] .

This chapter follows on directly ; the properties of percentages and proportions will be scrutinized more closely , and other ways of analysing contingency data considered in the quest for a summary measure of the effect of one variable upon another .
this chapter follows on directly ; the properties of percentages and proportions will be scrutinized more closely , and other ways of analysing contingency data considered in the quest for a summary measure of the effect of one [different] upon another .

First , however , we must come back to the question of how to read a contingency table when one variable can be considered a cause of the other .
first , however , we must come back to the question of how to read a contingency table when one [different] can be considered a cause of the other .

This can be formalized into a rule when dealing with contingency data : Construct the proportions so that they sum to one within the categories of the explanatory variable .
this can be formalized into a rule when dealing with contingency data : construct the proportions so that they sum to one within the categories of the explanatory [different] .

The idea is directly analogous to the treatment of interval level variables in chapter 6 : we looked at the distribution of unemployment , the response variable , within each region , the explanatory variable .
the idea is directly analogous to the treatment of interval level variables in chapter 6 : we looked at the distribution of unemployment , the response [different] , within each region , the explanatory [different] .

The response variable thus provides the proportions , and the explanatory variable the categories .
the response [different] thus provides the proportions , and the explanatory [different] the categories .

Note that it can not be formulated as ‘ always calculate proportions along the rows ’ ; this would only work if the explanatory variable was always put in the rows , and no such convention has been established .
note that it can not be formulated as ‘ always calculate proportions along the rows ’ ; this would only work if the explanatory [different] was always put in the rows , and no such convention has been established .

In chapter 6 , each individual value of a response variable ( data ) was decomposed into a conditional median ( fit ) and an unexplained component ( residual ) .
in chapter 6 , each individual value of a response [different] ( data ) was decomposed into a conditional median ( fit ) and an unexplained component ( residual ) .

The explanatory variable is therefore father 's class , a three-category variable .
the explanatory [different] is therefore father 's class , a three-category [different] .

By making comparisons with this base , quantitative estimates of the causal effect of one variable on another can be made , and positive and negative relationships between nominal level variables can be distinguished , as we shall see shortly .
by making comparisons with this base , quantitative estimates of the causal effect of one [different] on another can be made , and positive and negative relationships between nominal level variables can be distinguished , as we shall see shortly .

Since the working class is the largest group and the group which concerned the educational reformers of 1944 , it is the natural choice of a base for the class variable .
since the working class is the largest group and the group which concerned the educational reformers of 1944 , it is the natural choice of a base for the class [different] .

If we then pick non-selective education as the base for comparison in the school type variable , we will almost certainly avoid negative relationships .
if we then pick non-selective education as the base for comparison in the school type [different] , we will almost certainly avoid negative relationships .

In order to represent one three-category variable like school type in a causal path model , we have to present it as two dichotomous variables .
in order to represent one three-category [different] like school type in a causal path model , we have to present it as two dichotomous variables .

Choosing one category as a base effectively turns any polytomous variable into a series of dichotomous variables known as dummy variables .
choosing one category as a base effectively turns any polytomous [different] into a series of dichotomous variables known as dummy variables .

Figure 8.2 shows how the effect of a three-category explanatory variable on a dichotomous response variable can be portrayed in a causal path model .
figure 8.2 shows how the effect of a three-category explanatory [different] on a dichotomous response [different] can be portrayed in a causal path model .

Attention is restricted to the non-base category of the response variable ; in this example , it is the proportion of people who attend selective school that is at issue , and the shadow proportion who do not attend is ignored .
attention is restricted to the non-base category of the response [different] ; in this example , it is the proportion of people who attend selective school that is at issue , and the shadow proportion who do not attend is ignored .

The effect , d , is calculated by subtracting this proportion in the base category of the explanatory variable from this proportion in the non-base category of the explanatory variable .
the effect , d , is calculated by subtracting this proportion in the base category of the explanatory [different] from this proportion in the non-base category of the explanatory [different] .

The value of path a is given by the proportion of cases in the base category of the explanatory variable who fall in the non-base category of the response variable .
the value of path a is given by the proportion of cases in the base category of the explanatory [different] who fall in the non-base category of the response [different] .

The difference in proportions , d , has been used to summarize the effect of being in a category of one variable upon the chances of being in a category of another .
the difference in proportions , d , has been used to summarize the effect of being in a category of one [different] upon the chances of being in a category of another .

Quantitative summaries of causal effect such as d , however , are nearly all asymmetric , taking different values depending on which variable is presumed to be the cause of the other .
quantitative summaries of causal effect such as d , however , are nearly all asymmetric , taking different values depending on which [different] is presumed to be the cause of the other .

Changes in the marginal distribution of the response variable will always produce changes in differences in proportions , even if the cells are still distributed in the same proportion ; if , for example , the supply of selective school places doubled but the class composition of the schools remained the same , d would change .
changes in the marginal distribution of the response [different] will always produce changes in differences in proportions , even if the cells are still distributed in the same proportion ; if , for example , the supply of selective school places doubled but the class composition of the schools remained the same , d would change .

But the variable of interest may of course genuinely swing around abruptly ; the monthly count of unemployed people rises very sharply when school-leavers come on to the register , for example .
but the [different] of interest may of course genuinely swing around abruptly ; the monthly count of unemployed people rises very sharply when school-leavers come on to the register , for example .

They can be plotted against the explanatory variable ( here time ) once more , to see if all the trend has indeed been extracted ; this is discussed in the next section , under the heading ‘ reroughing ’ .
they can be plotted against the explanatory [different] ( here time ) once more , to see if all the trend has indeed been extracted ; this is discussed in the next section , under the heading ‘ reroughing ’ .

To show a third variable would require a three-dimensional space , and to show four would be impossible .
to show a third [different] would require a three-dimensional space , and to show four would be impossible .

However , the value of a third nominal variable can often usefully be shown by using a different symbol for each value of a third variable .
however , the value of a third nominal [different] can often usefully be shown by using a different symbol for each value of a third [different] .

The slope can be thought of as a numerical expression of the strength of causal effect of one variable on another .
the slope can be thought of as a numerical expression of the strength of causal effect of one [different] on another .

The slope of a line is directly analogous to a difference between two proportions : both tell us how much one variable changes for a given change in the other .
the slope of a line is directly analogous to a difference between two proportions : both tell us how much one [different] changes for a given change in the other .

It is an asymmetric measure , just like d : the slope depends on which variable is treated as the response variable , just as d depends on which way the percentages have been run ; exercise 10.2 has been set to illustrate this .
it is an asymmetric measure , just like d : the slope depends on which [different] is treated as the response [different] , just as d depends on which way the percentages have been run ; exercise 10.2 has been set to illustrate this .

In the third part of this book we shall introduce various data analytic techniques to control for the effect of a third variable .
in the third part of this book we shall introduce various data analytic techniques to control for the effect of a third [different] .

The residuals from the fitted line can be thought of as values for a variable which have been adjusted to take the explanatory variable into account .
the residuals from the fitted line can be thought of as values for a [different] which have been adjusted to take the explanatory [different] into account .

The bars may be subdivided to show the components of a second variable within categories of the first .
the bars may be subdivided to show the components of a second [different] within categories of the first .

We now shall take up an issue that has been touched on several times before : power transformation of the scale of a variable in order to make its analysis easier .
we now shall take up an issue that has been touched on several times before : power transformation of the scale of a [different] in order to make its analysis easier .

Finally , if income were plotted against another interval level variable , the relationship would almost certainly be curved rather than straight .
finally , if income were plotted against another interval level [different] , the relationship would almost certainly be curved rather than straight .

We may have a theoretical reason for believing that the variable we are studying will require a particular transformation .
we may have a theoretical reason for believing that the [different] we are studying will require a particular transformation .

Introducing a Third Variable
introducing a third [different]

In the third part of this book , we consider ways of holding a third variable constant while assessing the relationship between two others .
in the third part of this book , we consider ways of holding a third [different] constant while assessing the relationship between two others .

The time ordering can sometimes help out ; since causes occur before effects , knowing which variable occurred first can help .
the time ordering can sometimes help out ; since causes occur before effects , knowing which [different] occurred first can help .

And sometimes careful measurement can indicate whether the occurrence of a variable is independent of a possible cause .
and sometimes careful measurement can indicate whether the occurrence of a [different] is independent of a possible cause .

No ; control for a prior variable ( size of the fire ) and the relationship will be shown to be negative .
no ; control for a prior [different] ( size of the fire ) and the relationship will be shown to be negative .

Never forget that these assumptions are just that ; we can never prove that a variable is prior rather than intervening or ensuing .
never forget that these assumptions are just that ; we can never prove that a [different] is prior rather than intervening or ensuing .

In the next two sections we shall pay special attention to situations in which an original effect disappears when a third variable is brought under control .
in the next two sections we shall pay special attention to situations in which an original effect disappears when a third [different] is brought under control .

The importance of such an outcome is very different depending on where in the causal chain the third variable comes .
the importance of such an outcome is very different depending on where in the causal chain the third [different] comes .

But there is a big difference between controlling for a prior variable and finding that the original relationship disappears and controlling for an intervening one with a similar result .
but there is a big difference between controlling for a prior [different] and finding that the original relationship disappears and controlling for an intervening one with a similar result .

Figure 12.3 The effect of job status on absenteeism : controlling a prior variable
figure 12.3 the effect of job status on absenteeism : controlling a prior [different]

If the relationship between two variables entirely disappears when a causally prior variable is brought under control , we say that the original relationship was spurious ; by this we do not mean that the bivariate effect did not really exist , but rather that causal conclusions drawn from it would be incorrect .
if the relationship between two variables entirely disappears when a causally prior [different] is brought under control , we say that the original relationship was spurious ; by this we do not mean that the bivariate effect did not really exist , but rather that causal conclusions drawn from it would be incorrect .

Superficially , the act of controlling for a variable which intervenes between the two original variables of interest is much the same .
superficially , the act of controlling for a [different] which intervenes between the two original variables of interest is much the same .

Imagine now that we introduce , as a test factor , a variable which represents the extent to which the respondent suffers from chronic nervous disorders , such as sleeplessness , anxiety and so on .
imagine now that we introduce , as a test factor , a [different] which represents the extent to which the respondent suffers from chronic nervous disorders , such as sleeplessness , anxiety and so on .

Let us therefore assume that nervous disorders act as an intervening variable .
let us therefore assume that nervous disorders act as an intervening [different] .

As before , in the first two situations controlling for the third variable will not affect the estimate of the causal effect of the type of job on absentee behaviour .
as before , in the first two situations controlling for the third [different] will not affect the estimate of the causal effect of the type of job on absentee behaviour .

In the fourth situation , nervous disorders partially interpret the relationship between the two variables , but there is still a direct effect remaining after that variable has been brought under control .
in the fourth situation , nervous disorders partially interpret the relationship between the two variables , but there is still a direct effect remaining after that [different] has been brought under control .

Figure 12.4 The effect of job status on absenteeism : controlling an intervening variable
figure 12.4 the effect of job status on absenteeism : controlling an intervening [different]

The process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it contains no spurious component due to the operation of a prior variable , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening variable .
the process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it contains no spurious component due to the operation of a prior [different] , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening [different] .

Ultimately , of course , whether a cause is held to be direct or indirect is a statement about the state of scientific knowledge at the time ; while one variable may provide an illuminating explanation for a puzzle at one point in time , it is likely to provoke further questions about how it operates at a later date .
ultimately , of course , whether a cause is held to be direct or indirect is a statement about the state of scientific knowledge at the time ; while one [different] may provide an illuminating explanation for a puzzle at one point in time , it is likely to provoke further questions about how it operates at a later date .

The effect on the original relationship of controlling a test factor is affected by whether the third variable is positively or negatively related to the other variables .
the effect on the original relationship of controlling a test factor is affected by whether the third [different] is positively or negatively related to the other variables .

Sometimes the action of a suppressor variable can be so strong that controlling for it can actually reverse the sign of the effect .
sometimes the action of a suppressor [different] can be so strong that controlling for it can actually reverse the sign of the effect .

If there are important test factors which have been excluded from the model , the residuals from the model will contain an important degree of pattern : they will be systematically related to the omitted variable .
if there are important test factors which have been excluded from the model , the residuals from the model will contain an important degree of pattern : they will be systematically related to the omitted [different] .

In the absence of an experiment , a statistical effect of one variable on another can not just be accepted as causal at face value .
in the absence of an experiment , a statistical effect of one [different] on another can not just be accepted as causal at face value .

The act of controlling for a third variable can have many possible results .
the act of controlling for a third [different] can have many possible results .

Decide on balance which variable you think would be the cause and which the effect in the following pairs :
decide on balance which [different] you think would be the cause and which the effect in the following pairs :

We shall use differences in proportions as the summary measure for the effect of one variable on another , rather than any of the alternatives discussed in chapter 8 .
we shall use differences in proportions as the summary measure for the effect of one [different] on another , rather than any of the alternatives discussed in chapter 8 .

Controlling for a prior variable
controlling for a prior [different]

Before we embark on a major explanatory exercise , however , we must be sure that the effect is truly causal , and not just the spurious result of joint association with a prior explanatory variable , as explained in chapter 12 .
before we embark on a major explanatory exercise , however , we must be sure that the effect is truly causal , and not just the spurious result of joint association with a prior explanatory [different] , as explained in chapter 12 .

One variable which is a candidate for such a test factor is age .
one [different] which is a candidate for such a test factor is age .

The method of control we shall use involves literally holding one variable constant while assessing the relationship between two others .
the method of control we shall use involves literally holding one [different] constant while assessing the relationship between two others .

In chapter 8 , rules were formulated which dictated which way to run the proportions when dealing with the hypothesized effect of one variable upon another : proportions were calculated so that they summed to 1 within the categories of the explanatory variable .
in chapter 8 , rules were formulated which dictated which way to run the proportions when dealing with the hypothesized effect of one [different] upon another : proportions were calculated so that they summed to 1 within the categories of the explanatory [different] .

In a three-variable table with one response variable and two explanatory variables , the proportions are calculated to sum to 1 within each of the cells formed by the categories of the explanatory variables .
in a three-variable table with one response [different] and two explanatory variables , the proportions are calculated to sum to 1 within each of the cells formed by the categories of the explanatory variables .

In contingency tables , to control for a variable we look within its categories .
in contingency tables , to control for a [different] we look within its categories .

Each arrow linking two variables in a causal path diagram represents the direct effect of one variable upon the other , controlling all other relevant variables .
each arrow linking two variables in a causal path diagram represents the direct effect of one [different] upon the other , controlling all other relevant variables .

The rule for identifying the relevant variables was given in chapter 12 : when we are assessing the direct effect of one variable upon another , any third variable which is causally connected to both variables and prior to one of them should be controlled .
the rule for identifying the relevant variables was given in chapter 12 : when we are assessing the direct effect of one [different] upon another , any third [different] which is causally connected to both variables and prior to one of them should be controlled .

As a rule of thumb , when d s get down much below 0.05 , we can regard them as so small that they might just be a sampling fluke ; we will conclude that for all practical purposes there is no effect of one variable upon another , and erase arrows with very small path coefficients from our model .
as a rule of thumb , when d s get down much below 0.05 , we can regard them as so small that they might just be a sampling fluke ; we will conclude that for all practical purposes there is no effect of one [different] upon another , and erase arrows with very small path coefficients from our model .

To calculate the total effect of one variable upon another , the values of all the paths , direct and indirect , between the variables are summed .
to calculate the total effect of one [different] upon another , the values of all the paths , direct and indirect , between the variables are summed .

Controlling for an intervening variable
controlling for an intervening [different]

If we can find a mystery variable which completely captures the causal mechanism , the effect of unemployment experience on law-breaking will disappear when the mystery variable is brought under control .
if we can find a mystery [different] which completely captures the causal mechanism , the effect of unemployment experience on law-breaking will disappear when the mystery [different] is brought under control .

Educational level is a hard variable to measure in most cultures : are we interested in formal qualifications , the number of years spent in full-time education , the content of what was learned during the educational process or what ?
educational level is a hard [different] to measure in most cultures : are we interested in formal qualifications , the number of years spent in full-time education , the content of what was learned during the educational process or what ?

Age is always an ambiguous variable in survey research .
age is always an ambiguous [different] in survey research .

The techniques of control used in contingency tables involved literally holding a variable constant by considering its categories one at a time .
the techniques of control used in contingency tables involved literally holding a [different] constant by considering its categories one at a time .

When the variable to be controlled was ordered ( as age and income were ) , we simply split it around the median .
when the [different] to be controlled was ordered ( as age and income were ) , we simply split it around the median .

The techniques themselves are identical whether the variable being controlled is a prior or an intervening variable in the relationship being investigated .
the techniques themselves are identical whether the [different] being controlled is a prior or an intervening [different] in the relationship being investigated .

The interpretation of the result is however very dependent on which is the test variable .
the interpretation of the result is however very dependent on which is the test [different] .

If the relationship between two variables disappears when a prior variable is controlled , the original effect has been explained away .
if the relationship between two variables disappears when a prior [different] is controlled , the original effect has been explained away .

If it disappears when an intervening variable is controlled , the mechanism linking the two variables has been interpreted .
if it disappears when an intervening [different] is controlled , the mechanism linking the two variables has been interpreted .

In order to answer the question , dichotomize the response variable and present the table in proportional terms .
in order to answer the question , dichotomize the response [different] and present the table in proportional terms .

Not only is the extent of deforestation variable but the reasons why it is occurring also vary from region to region .
not only is the extent of deforestation [different] but the reasons why it is occurring also vary from region to region .

The ward population , the response variable , has a relatively high positive correlation with the ‘ industry and commerce ’ , ‘ dense residential ’ and ‘ ordinary residential ’ variables and low negative correlations with ‘ nobody ’ and ‘ agriculture ’ .
the ward population , the response [different] , has a relatively high positive correlation with the ‘ industry and commerce ’ , ‘ dense residential ’ and ‘ ordinary residential ’ variables and low negative correlations with ‘ nobody ’ and ‘ agriculture ’ .

Second , although there is no reason to expect any model to be other than linear and additive , there is an argument , presented by Flowerdew ( 1988 ) , which says that since the response variable compromises count data , the appropriate regression model should combine a Poisson error distribution with an identity link function ( see Aitkin et al .
second , although there is no reason to expect any model to be other than linear and additive , there is an argument , presented by flowerdew ( 1988 ) , which says that since the response [different] compromises count data , the appropriate regression model should combine a poisson error distribution with an identity link function ( see aitkin et al .

Notwithstanding Mrs Thatcher 's confidence that we can ‘ fix ’ environmental problems , the difficulties associated with a task even as apparently simple as monitoring a state variable are considerable .
notwithstanding mrs thatcher 's confidence that we can ‘ fix ’ environmental problems , the difficulties associated with a task even as apparently simple as monitoring a state [different] are considerable .

This is produced by injecting a small dose of the antigen into the body and allowing time for the person to produce antibodies himself , which then remain in the body for a variable time .
this is produced by injecting a small dose of the antigen into the body and allowing time for the person to produce antibodies himself , which then remain in the body for a [different] time .

A successful U.S. apparel-maker , for instance , may assemble basic men ’ s khaki pants in average sizes in Mexico , taking advantage of low labor costs as well as Mexico ’ s proximity to the maker ’ s Texas distribution centers ; at the same time , this company can choose to manufacture products with more variable demand , like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams , in the United States , providing fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk .
a successful u.s. apparel-maker , for instance , may assemble basic men ’ s khaki pants in average sizes in mexico , taking advantage of low labor costs as well as mexico ’ s proximity to the maker ’ s texas distribution centers ; at the same time , this company can choose to manufacture products with more [different] demand , like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams , in the united states , providing fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk .

The chapter concludes by emphasizing the relationships among demand volatility , manufacturing lead times , and inventory levels , addressing a critical decision apparel manufacturing firms face today : Given two different apparel sources , with different variable production costs and lead times , how does a firm decide which products to make in each of the two plants ?
the chapter concludes by emphasizing the relationships among demand volatility , manufacturing lead times , and inventory levels , addressing a critical decision apparel manufacturing firms face today : given two different apparel sources , with different [different] production costs and lead times , how does a firm decide which products to make in each of the two plants ?

However , we also noticed that the firm was out of stock for some items , especially those with the most variable demand .
however , we also noticed that the firm was out of stock for some items , especially those with the most [different] demand .

The data suggest that when a manufacturer chooses the same inventory policy for all products , its order-fulfillment rate for highly variable products is usually worse than for low variation products .
the data suggest that when a manufacturer chooses the same inventory policy for all products , its order-fulfillment rate for highly [different] products is usually worse than for low variation products .

For example , when demand for an item was quite variable , with the highest Cv of 0.90 , the optimal policy called for placing a production orders when inventory dropped to twelve weeks of demand , rather than the lower standard level of ten .
for example , when demand for an item was quite [different] , with the highest cv of 0.90 , the optimal policy called for placing a production orders when inventory dropped to twelve weeks of demand , rather than the lower standard level of ten .

The major point here is that inventory carrying cost is a critical variable in making such plant capacity decisions .
the major point here is that inventory carrying cost is a critical [different] in making such plant capacity decisions .

The moment the level hits s , the retailer orders up to a specified quantity S. Unlike a periodic-review policy , in which retailers may order when the inventory level is less than s , with a continuous-review policy , they always order when the inventory equals s. Thus , under a continuous-review policy , retailers always order the same quantity ( Q = S – s ) but after a variable amount of time since the last order was placed .
the moment the level hits s , the retailer orders up to a specified quantity s. unlike a periodic-review policy , in which retailers may order when the inventory level is less than s , with a continuous-review policy , they always order when the inventory equals s. thus , under a continuous-review policy , retailers always order the same quantity ( q = s – s ) but after a [different] amount of time since the last order was placed .

The Council on Economic Priorities has established a global , variable “ social accountability standard ” that companies can follow to prove they adhere to an array of labor standards and pay their workers a sufficient income.35 The U.S. and European Union , through the Secretary of Labor and Commissioner for Employment and Social Affairs , have sought to develop among labor and management an acceptance of international standards to assure consumers that the products they buy are not made in sweatshops .
the council on economic priorities has established a global , [different] “ social accountability standard ” that companies can follow to prove they adhere to an array of labor standards and pay their workers a sufficient income.35 the u.s. and european union , through the secretary of labor and commissioner for employment and social affairs , have sought to develop among labor and management an acceptance of international standards to assure consumers that the products they buy are not made in sweatshops .

The phase transition occurs in the horizontal axis , labeled C/V , which is the mean number of clauses in which any variable occurs .
the phase transition occurs in the horizontal axis , labeled c/v , which is the mean number of clauses in which any [different] occurs .

Thus , the x-axis shows the ratio of clauses to variables , hence , on average , how many clauses each variable is in .
thus , the x-axis shows the ratio of clauses to variables , hence , on average , how many clauses each [different] is in .

Obviously , as each variable is in more and more of the C clauses , with randomly assigned truth requirements , Vi versus not-Vi , the chance that the set of clauses can be jointly satisfied gets harder .
obviously , as each [different] is in more and more of the c clauses , with randomly assigned truth requirements , vi versus not-vi , the chance that the set of clauses can be jointly satisfied gets harder .

Evaluation and referral interventions have been able to get a number of emergency department and trauma center patients into alcoholism treatment.29,30 It is not always clear whether there were long-term positive outcomes from these trials since referral has been the outcome variable most often studied .
evaluation and referral interventions have been able to get a number of emergency department and trauma center patients into alcoholism treatment.29,30 it is not always clear whether there were long-term positive outcomes from these trials since referral has been the outcome [different] most often studied .

VARIABLE COST - A cost that varies with changes in the level of an activity , when other factors are held constant .
[different] cost - a cost that varies with changes in the level of an activity , when other factors are held constant .

VARIABLE VALUE SECURITIES - Securities that have unknown redemption or maturity values at the time of issue .
[different] value securities - securities that have unknown redemption or maturity values at the time of issue .

A data element is a unit of information with definable parameters ( for example , a Social Security number ) , sometimes referred to as a data variable or data field .
a data element is a unit of information with definable parameters ( for example , a social security number ) , sometimes referred to as a data [different] or data field .

Historically , participants felt that auditor communication with audit committees has been variable .
historically , participants felt that auditor communication with audit committees has been [different] .

I believe that the issue of whether and how much to increase SES pay must be discussed within the context of how to make any pay increases variable and performance-based rather than across-the-board and fixed .
i believe that the issue of whether and how much to increase ses pay must be discussed within the context of how to make any pay increases [different] and performance-based rather than across-the-board and fixed .

Although research has been done by the Construction Industry Institute and other organizations to identify metrics that may be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility acquisition process , the extent to which individual federal agencies measure design review processes and analyze results is highly variable .
although research has been done by the construction industry institute and other organizations to identify metrics that may be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility acquisition process , the extent to which individual federal agencies measure design review processes and analyze results is highly [different] .

The quality of case studies can be variable .
the quality of case studies can be [different] .

They also are identified with designs that are nonexperimental in the sense that the investigator is not deliberately manipulating some variable to see its possible effects on the system being studied .
they also are identified with designs that are nonexperimental in the sense that the investigator is not deliberately manipulating some [different] to see its possible effects on the system being studied .

Assuming state size would be a `` second cut '' variable , New York ( 1 percent ) , California ( 3 percent ) , Ohio ( 6 percent ) , and Texas ( 15 percent ) could be one group to study , while Kansas ( less than 1 percent ) , Massachusetts , ( 2 percent ) , Oklahoma ( 6 percent ) , and Arizona ( 9 percent ) could form a second group of smaller states .
assuming state size would be a `` second cut '' [different] , new york ( 1 percent ) , california ( 3 percent ) , ohio ( 6 percent ) , and texas ( 15 percent ) could be one group to study , while kansas ( less than 1 percent ) , massachusetts , ( 2 percent ) , oklahoma ( 6 percent ) , and arizona ( 9 percent ) could form a second group of smaller states .

In addition to recognizing the complex atmospheric chemistry relevant for some pollutants , air quality modelers also must deal with uncertainties associated with variable meteorology and the spatial and temporal distribution of emissions .
in addition to recognizing the complex atmospheric chemistry relevant for some pollutants , air quality modelers also must deal with uncertainties associated with [different] meteorology and the spatial and temporal distribution of emissions .

All Cardiovascular ( ICD codes 390-429 ) $ 18,387 All Respiratory Variable Dysrhythmia $ 12,441 Emergency room visits for $ 299 COI estimate based on data reported by Smith , et al .
all cardiovascular ( icd codes 390-429 ) $ 18,387 all respiratory [different] dysrhythmia $ 12,441 emergency room visits for $ 299 coi estimate based on data reported by smith , et al .

In addition to the visibility change variable , the estimating equation also included household income as an explanatory variable .
in addition to the visibility change [different] , the estimating equation also included household income as an explanatory [different] .

Since all costs are variable in the long run , it is reasonable that non-delivery institutional costs would decline over the large volume range we explore with this model .
since all costs are [different] in the long run , it is reasonable that non-delivery institutional costs would decline over the large volume range we explore with this model .

For purposes of this analysis we assume that 25 percent of non-delivery institutional costs would be volume variable.5 No portion of delivery institutional costs is considered to be volume variable , however , because route structure generally does not change as volume drops .
for purposes of this analysis we assume that 25 percent of non-delivery institutional costs would be volume variable.5 no portion of delivery institutional costs is considered to be volume [different] , however , because route structure generally does not change as volume drops .

Attributable costs using the PRC cost treatment are greater than volume variable costs .
attributable costs using the prc cost treatment are greater than volume [different] costs .

Variable Institutional Mail Processing = 0.1032V + 2.10P Delivery = 0.0525V + 42.24P Transportation = 0.0200V + 0.92P Window Service = 0.0092V + 4.64P All Other costs = 0.0241V + 24.41P Total costs = 0.2089V + 74.31P where V = Volume and P = Population .
[different] institutional mail processing = 0.1032v + 2.10p delivery = 0.0525v + 42.24p transportation = 0.0200v + 0.92p window service = 0.0092v + 4.64p all other costs = 0.0241v + 24.41p total costs = 0.2089v + 74.31p where v = volume and p = population .

The model assumes constant unit variable costs .
the model assumes constant unit [different] costs .

Thus , when volume is reduced total variable cost is reduced by the same percentage .
thus , when volume is reduced total [different] cost is reduced by the same percentage .

At lower per capita volumes , the ratio of fixed to variable cost increases and the cost elasticities decrease ( because a greater proportion of total costs is fixed ) .
at lower per capita volumes , the ratio of fixed to [different] cost increases and the cost elasticities decrease ( because a greater proportion of total costs is fixed ) .

Although Figure 2 shows a family of total costs curves , Figure 1 displays a single unit cost curve because the unit cost curve depends on only one variable , pieces per capita .
although figure 2 shows a family of total costs curves , figure 1 displays a single unit cost curve because the unit cost curve depends on only one [different] , pieces per capita .

The sensitivity of cost to volume for a postal system can be investigated directly provided the ratio of fixed to variable costs is known by function .
the sensitivity of cost to volume for a postal system can be investigated directly provided the ratio of fixed to [different] costs is known by function .

The model is described in the appendix and includes parameters for the portion of variable costs by major postal functions .
the model is described in the appendix and includes parameters for the portion of [different] costs by major postal functions .

Since these costs are variable in the long run and we do not know how other postal administrations deal with them , we parameterize them for purposes of modeling .
since these costs are [different] in the long run and we do not know how other postal administrations deal with them , we parameterize them for purposes of modeling .

This is because mail-processing costs are almost all variable while delivery costs have a very large fixed component .
this is because mail-processing costs are almost all [different] while delivery costs have a very large fixed component .

It can be seen that at low volumes , mail processing and transportation costs have a high degree of fixity while at high volumes they are almost all variable .
it can be seen that at low volumes , mail processing and transportation costs have a high degree of fixity while at high volumes they are almost all [different] .

At about 200 pieces per capita the effect of volume loss on unit cost becomes much more pronounced.11 Table 3 : Unit Cost with 10 % Decrease in Volume Assuming 25 % of Non-Delivery Institutional Costs are Long-Run Variable ( 1999 U.S .
at about 200 pieces per capita the effect of volume loss on unit cost becomes much more pronounced.11 table 3 : unit cost with 10 % decrease in volume assuming 25 % of non-delivery institutional costs are long-run [different] ( 1999 u.s .

Some mail handled by a postal service does not require delivery ; recipients pick up mail from post office boxes and large volume recipients pick up mail in bulk from designated counters.12 Non-delivered mail can also be considered to have delivery profits in the same manner as delivered mail.13 A postal service has variable and fixed upstream costs as well as variable and fixed delivery costs .
some mail handled by a postal service does not require delivery ; recipients pick up mail from post office boxes and large volume recipients pick up mail in bulk from designated counters.12 non-delivered mail can also be considered to have delivery profits in the same manner as delivered mail.13 a postal service has [different] and fixed upstream costs as well as [different] and fixed delivery costs .

F = USPS Fixed Cost for FY 1999 nd = Subscript that indicates non-delivery component of a cost or volume NDC = Total Non-Delivery Cost P = 1999 U.S. Population Q = Quantity ( Volume ) per capita Q0 = USPS Volume per capita for FY 1999 TC = Total Cost V = USPS Variable Cost for FY 1999 Adjustments for differences between the USPS and Poste Italiane Significant differences in the composition of mail and labor costs exist between USPS and Poste Italiane .
f = usps fixed cost for fy 1999 nd = subscript that indicates non-delivery component of a cost or volume ndc = total non-delivery cost p = 1999 u.s. population q = quantity ( volume ) per capita q0 = usps volume per capita for fy 1999 tc = total cost v = usps [different] cost for fy 1999 adjustments for differences between the usps and poste italiane significant differences in the composition of mail and labor costs exist between usps and poste italiane .

The attributable ( variable ) cost from the model ( V/Q0*P = $ 0.194 ) is adjusted to reflect the different shape mix of mail handled by Poste Italiane .
the attributable ( [different] ) cost from the model ( v/q0*p = $ 0.194 ) is adjusted to reflect the different shape mix of mail handled by poste italiane .

The proportions of letters ( 88 % ) and nonletters ( 12 % ) for Poste Italiane are applied to the USPS variable unit cost of each ( 13.46 and 26.60 cents , respectively ) .
the proportions of letters ( 88 % ) and nonletters ( 12 % ) for poste italiane are applied to the usps [different] unit cost of each ( 13.46 and 26.60 cents , respectively ) .

The weighted average unit cost that results ( 15.04 cents ) is then divided by the actual USPS unit variable unit cost of 16.88 cents .
the weighted average unit cost that results ( 15.04 cents ) is then divided by the actual usps unit [different] unit cost of 16.88 cents .

The resulting ratio ( 0.891 ) is applied to the variable cost from the model .
the resulting ratio ( 0.891 ) is applied to the [different] cost from the model .

Next , the resulting variable cost is adjusted to account for the savings from worksharing reflected in the USPS costs , which do not exist for Poste Italiane .
next , the resulting [different] cost is adjusted to account for the savings from worksharing reflected in the usps costs , which do not exist for poste italiane .

The USPS variable costs in FY 1999 were 40 % lower than they would have been without worksharing , ( Cohen et al .
the usps [different] costs in fy 1999 were 40 % lower than they would have been without worksharing , ( cohen et al .

Finally , both variable and institutional costs are adjusted for labor cost differences .
finally , both [different] and institutional costs are adjusted for labor cost differences .

Since 78.6 % of USPS costs are labor costs , that portion of the variable cost from step two ( $ 0.242 ) and institutional cost from the model ( $ 0.662 ) is adjusted by the ratio of Poste Italiane labor costs to those of USPS ( 74.7 % ) .
since 78.6 % of usps costs are labor costs , that portion of the [different] cost from step two ( $ 0.242 ) and institutional cost from the model ( $ 0.662 ) is adjusted by the ratio of poste italiane labor costs to those of usps ( 74.7 % ) .

The econometrically estimated constant elasticity coefficient of a simple log- linear model with time per box as the dependent variable and boxes per mile as the explanatory variable is -27.45 percent with a t value of -266.22 .
the econometrically estimated constant elasticity coefficient of a simple log- linear model with time per box as the dependent [different] and boxes per mile as the explanatory [different] is -27.45 percent with a t value of -266.22 .

They consist predominantly of volume variable costs .
they consist predominantly of volume [different] costs .

POSTAL DENSITY The variable cost of delivery depends on volume delivered , thus the comparison of variable costs between France and the U.S. is straightforward .
postal density the [different] cost of delivery depends on volume delivered , thus the comparison of [different] costs between france and the u.s. is straightforward .

Postal density is the number of delivery points that can be visited by the carrier in one hour of time , excluding loading time and the variable portion of access time and the variable portion of travel time to and from the route .
postal density is the number of delivery points that can be visited by the carrier in one hour of time , excluding loading time and the [different] portion of access time and the [different] portion of travel time to and from the route .

New data may show an increase in variable load time to reflect the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time .
new data may show an increase in [different] load time to reflect the increased use of kiosks and a decrease in route time .

The number of addresses is set as a `` control '' variable in the equation , allowing us to develop average costs .
the number of addresses is set as a `` control '' [different] in the equation , allowing us to develop average costs .

Variable and Fixed Costs We divide out-of-office delivery costs into their components using the method developed by the U.S .
[different] and fixed costs we divide out-of-office delivery costs into their components using the method developed by the u.s .

Postal Service.23 Load time is included in the variable costs .
postal service.23 load time is included in the [different] costs .

For simplicity the variable portion of access and travel to and from the beginning of the route are ignored .
for simplicity the [different] portion of access and travel to and from the beginning of the route are ignored .

One household characteristic we focus on is an indicator variable of whether or not the household owns a personal computer .
one household characteristic we focus on is an indicator [different] of whether or not the household owns a personal computer .

Elasticity concept can be extended to any other variable in household 's demand function Expenditure elasticity of Demand = One percent increase in the household 's total expenditure , M , brings about what percentage change in household-level demand for good j , Dj For each US household can compute an estimate of its own-price and crossprice elasticities of demand and the expenditure elasticity of demand .
elasticity concept can be extended to any other [different] in household 's demand function expenditure elasticity of demand = one percent increase in the household 's total expenditure , m , brings about what percentage change in household-level demand for good j , dj for each us household can compute an estimate of its own-price and crossprice elasticities of demand and the expenditure elasticity of demand .

Moreover , unless the Postal Service is incapable of shedding volume variable costs or waits until 2008 before adjusting -- Class rates , the price of a stamp does not have to go up by 17 cents .
moreover , unless the postal service is incapable of shedding volume [different] costs or waits until 2008 before adjusting -- class rates , the price of a stamp does not have to go up by 17 cents .

Route time costs are essentially fixed , while access is partly variable , and load time is 100 percent variable with volume .
route time costs are essentially fixed , while access is partly [different] , and load time is 100 percent [different] with volume .

Thus , it is partly variable and partly fixed .
thus , it is partly [different] and partly fixed .

Conversely , because load time is 100 percent variable with volume , it would not change , since total volume is assumed not to change .
conversely , because load time is 100 percent [different] with volume , it would not change , since total volume is assumed not to change .

Access cost would fall somewhere in between , since it is partly variable and partly fixed .
access cost would fall somewhere in between , since it is partly [different] and partly fixed .

An International Comparison of the Values of Scale in Delivery with Wage Premiums As mail volume increases in postal systems , variable costs ( processing and transportation ) increase and fixed costs decrease as a percentage of total costs .
an international comparison of the values of scale in delivery with wage premiums as mail volume increases in postal systems , [different] costs ( processing and transportation ) increase and fixed costs decrease as a percentage of total costs .

The fixed access cost as a percentage of total cost would increase with volume until all stops are covered while the variable access cost percentage decreases as volume increases .
the fixed access cost as a percentage of total cost would increase with volume until all stops are covered while the [different] access cost percentage decreases as volume increases .

It has been well established that route coverages relate directly to the fixed and variable nature of access cost .
it has been well established that route coverages relate directly to the fixed and [different] nature of access cost .

Scale Economies for the U.S. We measure the returns to scale in the U.S. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the Postal Service : SCm = RCm + ECm + fm * ACm + vm * ACm ( 2 ) where , SCm = street delivery cost RCm = route time cost ECm = elemental load cost ACm = access cost ( also includes coverage-related load cost ) vm = variable portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*PPS * ( b * PPS ) / ( 1 - e -b*PPS ) ) ) fm = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vm ) m = designates the monopoly case For the year 1993 , street delivery cost totaled about $ 10.07 billion : SCm = RCm + ECm + fm * ACm + vm * ACm ( 2 ) = 2.95 + 1.91 + 0.8 ( 5.20 ) + 0.2 ( 5.20 ) = 10.07 Next , we determine the total cost of delivery performed by the Postal Service and a second firm that we assume to be equally efficient .
scale economies for the u.s. we measure the returns to scale in the u.s. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the postal service : scm = rcm + ecm + fm * acm + vm * acm ( 2 ) where , scm = street delivery cost rcm = route time cost ecm = elemental load cost acm = access cost ( also includes coverage-related load cost ) vm = [different] portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*pps * ( b * pps ) / ( 1 - e -b*pps ) ) ) fm = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vm ) m = designates the monopoly case for the year 1993 , street delivery cost totaled about $ 10.07 billion : scm = rcm + ecm + fm * acm + vm * acm ( 2 ) = 2.95 + 1.91 + 0.8 ( 5.20 ) + 0.2 ( 5.20 ) = 10.07 next , we determine the total cost of delivery performed by the postal service and a second firm that we assume to be equally efficient .

We calculate the cost for each of the two firms in our hypothetical duopoly by adjusting equation ( 2 ) : SCfirmi = RCm + 0.5 * ECm + ffirmi * ACfirmi + vfirmi * ACfirmi ( 3 ) where , SCfirmi = street delivery cost for firm i ACfirmi = access cost for firm i = ACm * NCOV NCOV = new coverage a duopoly firm i = 1 - ( COVm - COVd ) COVm = coverage for a monopoly = 1 - e -b*PPS COVi = coverage for a duopoly firm i = 1 - e -b*PPS/2 vfirmi = variable portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*PPS/2 * ( b * PPS/2 ) / ( 1 - e -b*PPS/2 ) ) ) ffirmi = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vfirmi ) The total delivery cost for the duopoly market is simply SCduopoly = 2 SCfirmi ( 4 ) For the year 1993 , total street delivery costs for the hypothetical duopoly in the U.S. are as follows : SCfirmi = RCm + 0.5 * ECm + f * ACfirmi + v * ACfirmi ( 3 ) = 2.95 + 0.5 ( 1.91 ) + 0.52 ( 4.19 ) + 0.48 ( 4.19 ) = 8.098 SCduopoly = 2 SCfirmi ( 4 ) = 2 * 8.098 = 16.2 Value of Scale= SCduopoly - SCm = 16.2 - 10.1 = 6.1 The value of scale in the U.S. is approximately $ 6.1 billion .
we calculate the cost for each of the two firms in our hypothetical duopoly by adjusting equation ( 2 ) : scfirmi = rcm + 0.5 * ecm + ffirmi * acfirmi + vfirmi * acfirmi ( 3 ) where , scfirmi = street delivery cost for firm i acfirmi = access cost for firm i = acm * ncov ncov = new coverage a duopoly firm i = 1 - ( covm - covd ) covm = coverage for a monopoly = 1 - e -b*pps covi = coverage for a duopoly firm i = 1 - e -b*pps/2 vfirmi = [different] portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*pps/2 * ( b * pps/2 ) / ( 1 - e -b*pps/2 ) ) ) ffirmi = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vfirmi ) the total delivery cost for the duopoly market is simply scduopoly = 2 scfirmi ( 4 ) for the year 1993 , total street delivery costs for the hypothetical duopoly in the u.s. are as follows : scfirmi = rcm + 0.5 * ecm + f * acfirmi + v * acfirmi ( 3 ) = 2.95 + 0.5 ( 1.91 ) + 0.52 ( 4.19 ) + 0.48 ( 4.19 ) = 8.098 scduopoly = 2 scfirmi ( 4 ) = 2 * 8.098 = 16.2 value of scale= scduopoly - scm = 16.2 - 10.1 = 6.1 the value of scale in the u.s. is approximately $ 6.1 billion .

When calculating city delivery cost , we include the entire ( fixed and volume variable ) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city routes , plus the cost of overtime , supervision , space , and vehicles .
when calculating city delivery cost , we include the entire ( fixed and volume [different] ) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city routes , plus the cost of overtime , supervision , space , and vehicles .

The variable costs drop as the volume drops , but the fixed costs are spread over less volume which increases the fixed costs proportionately .
the [different] costs drop as the volume drops , but the fixed costs are spread over less volume which increases the fixed costs proportionately .

The variable cost remains the same because the volume does not change .
the [different] cost remains the same because the volume does not change .

For all mail the Postal Service city carrier cost ( fixed and variable ) is 12.5 cents per piece .
for all mail the postal service city carrier cost ( fixed and [different] ) is 12.5 cents per piece .

Each postal product has a variable cost for mail processing , transportation and delivery .
each postal product has a [different] cost for mail processing , transportation and delivery .

The variable cost of carrier route advertising mail comes predominantly from the delivery function ( in-office and out-of-office ) .
the [different] cost of carrier route advertising mail comes predominantly from the delivery function ( in-office and out-of-office ) .

The delivery function is about 50 percent variable .
the delivery function is about 50 percent [different] .

Thus , the variable cost of the advertising carrier route mail product can be much lower than the average ( fixed and variable ) cost of delivery .
thus , the [different] cost of the advertising carrier route mail product can be much lower than the average ( fixed and [different] ) cost of delivery .

The average incremental cost of advertising carrier route mail is only slightly higher than the variable cost since we estimate it here to consist of variable costs plus single subclass stop costs for 1996 .
the average incremental cost of advertising carrier route mail is only slightly higher than the [different] cost since we estimate it here to consist of [different] costs plus single subclass stop costs for 1996 .

The larger the volume per capita , the larger the proportion of variable costs and the smaller the proportion of fixed costs .
the larger the volume per capita , the larger the proportion of [different] costs and the smaller the proportion of fixed costs .

Another assumption made is that the volume equations are better able to predict market responses when one variable is changed from the base position than when both variables are changed .
another assumption made is that the volume equations are better able to predict market responses when one [different] is changed from the base position than when both variables are changed .

The height of the cylinder represents the number of days , with the requirement that the last day is always included together with a variable number of preceding days , up to some maximum defined by the user .
the height of the cylinder represents the number of days , with the requirement that the last day is always included together with a [different] number of preceding days , up to some maximum defined by the user .

Repeated rounds of carbon chain building and modification use a series of independently variable reactions selected according to a ‘ program ’ characteristic of each PKS ( Reeves 2003 ) .
repeated rounds of carbon chain building and modification use a series of independently [different] reactions selected according to a ‘ program ’ characteristic of each pks ( reeves 2003 ) .

A further variable concerns the stereochemistry of the hydroxyl groups and methyl or other carbon branches , each of which can exist in two possible configurations .
a further [different] concerns the stereochemistry of the hydroxyl groups and methyl or other carbon branches , each of which can exist in two possible configurations .

The main variable in their structure is carbon chain length , with few choices of different building units or keto group modification , so the programming would ( in principle ) be simple .
the main [different] in their structure is carbon chain length , with few choices of different building units or keto group modification , so the programming would ( in principle ) be simple .

According to additive factor theory , a variable that effects overall reaction time by varying the time to complete one stage will be additive with the effects of variables that affect other stages .
according to additive factor theory , a [different] that effects overall reaction time by varying the time to complete one stage will be additive with the effects of variables that affect other stages .

Moreover , scalp-recorded , event-related potentials showed a separate scalp distribution and latency for each variable [ 14 ] .
moreover , scalp-recorded , event-related potentials showed a separate scalp distribution and latency for each [different] [ 14 ] .

In an extension , gene frequencies at one locus affect an environmental variable with its own dynamics that in turn influences the second locus .
in an extension , gene frequencies at one locus affect an environmental [different] with its own dynamics that in turn influences the second locus .

Similarly , the immunoglobulin genes of mammals have recombination signal sequences that are involved in V-J joining—a kind of somatic recombination involving the joining of a variable gene segment and a joining segment to form an immunoglobulin gene ( Krangel 2003 ) .
similarly , the immunoglobulin genes of mammals have recombination signal sequences that are involved in v-j joining—a kind of somatic recombination involving the joining of a [different] gene segment and a joining segment to form an immunoglobulin gene ( krangel 2003 ) .

In our data , we found that the odds ratio of high levels of self-reported exercise ( > 7 h/wk ) , based on a single survey question , decreased with increased sleep time , but controlling for this variable also did not change our findings ( analyses not shown ) .
in our data , we found that the odds ratio of high levels of self-reported exercise ( > 7 h/wk ) , based on a single survey question , decreased with increased sleep time , but controlling for this [different] also did not change our findings ( analyses not shown ) .

Given the limitations of SC insulin therapy , such as unpredictable absorption and variable plasma insulin levels , constant infusion of insulin is recommended [ 3 ] .
given the limitations of sc insulin therapy , such as unpredictable absorption and [different] plasma insulin levels , constant infusion of insulin is recommended [ 3 ] .

Capillary glucose should be monitored every 1–2 hours at the bedside , and the variable insulin and glucose infusion should be adjusted to maintain blood glucose levels between 100 and 150 mg/dl ( Box 4 ) .
capillary glucose should be monitored every 1–2 hours at the bedside , and the [different] insulin and glucose infusion should be adjusted to maintain blood glucose levels between 100 and 150 mg/dl ( box 4 ) .

As a general rule , SC insulin should not be used in patients with type 2 diabetes requiring surgery and general anesthesia , since insulin absorption from the SC tissue could be quite variable , particularly in obese individuals .
as a general rule , sc insulin should not be used in patients with type 2 diabetes requiring surgery and general anesthesia , since insulin absorption from the sc tissue could be quite [different] , particularly in obese individuals .

Health-care providers should be very familiar with the perioperative management of type 1 diabetes ; with individualized insulin and glucose variable infusions , young patients affected by type 1 diabetes can undergo surgery with a minimal risk .
health-care providers should be very familiar with the perioperative management of type 1 diabetes ; with individualized insulin and glucose [different] infusions , young patients affected by type 1 diabetes can undergo surgery with a minimal risk .

In addition , tubular epithelial apoptosis was increased , but highly variable , in FSGS kidneys ( data not shown ) .
in addition , tubular epithelial apoptosis was increased , but highly [different] , in fsgs kidneys ( data not shown ) .

Whom to Treat The severity of Gaucher disease is very variable .
whom to treat the severity of gaucher disease is very [different] .

Beyond that , the response of patients to any dose is variable .
beyond that , the response of patients to any dose is [different] .

Recent data from our group shows that “ sigh rates ” while seated are very variable but are significantly lower when watching a video than while reading [ 27 ] .
recent data from our group shows that “ sigh rates ” while seated are very [different] but are significantly lower when watching a video than while reading [ 27 ] .

Discussion Earlier reports on TI strategies in patients with chronic HIV infection include multiple pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of variable criteria regarding viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated TIs [ 11,12,14,16 ] .
discussion earlier reports on ti strategies in patients with chronic hiv infection include multiple pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of [different] criteria regarding viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated tis [ 11,12,14,16 ] .

Fisheries biologists point out that the nuances of management contained in fisheries data—such as altered fisher behavior , the variable “ catchability ” of individual species , and altered gear use—were discounted in the Myers and Worm ( 2003 ) assessment and led to misinterpretations for some species , notably tropical tunas ( Figure 2 ) .
fisheries biologists point out that the nuances of management contained in fisheries data—such as altered fisher behavior , the [different] “ catchability ” of individual species , and altered gear use—were discounted in the myers and worm ( 2003 ) assessment and led to misinterpretations for some species , notably tropical tunas ( figure 2 ) .

By contrast , null models , and specifically the geometric constraints model , argue that the expected pattern of latitudinal variation in richness is not a uniform one , but rather a mid-domain peak , which is almost inevitably the outcome of the random placement of a set of variable species ranges within a bounded domain ( Colwell et al .
by contrast , null models , and specifically the geometric constraints model , argue that the expected pattern of latitudinal variation in richness is not a uniform one , but rather a mid-domain peak , which is almost inevitably the outcome of the random placement of a set of [different] species ranges within a bounded domain ( colwell et al .

In the north , winter temperatures are more variable , but generally well below this point .
in the north , winter temperatures are more [different] , but generally well below this point .

Ocean water temperatures are much less variable than those on land , although variability in the ocean surrounding Antarctica is much reduced compared with that of the Arctic ( Figure 1B ) .
ocean water temperatures are much less [different] than those on land , although variability in the ocean surrounding antarctica is much reduced compared with that of the arctic ( figure 1b ) .

They ascribe this difference to the warmer and less thermally variable conditions of the southern hemisphere , which , as we have already noted , have considerable effects on species life histories .
they ascribe this difference to the warmer and less thermally [different] conditions of the southern hemisphere , which , as we have already noted , have considerable effects on species life histories .

Our main outcome variable , C-reactive protein , was measured using a latex-enhanced Behring Nephelometer Analyzer System ( Dade Behring , Deerfield , Illinois , United States ) .
our main outcome [different] , c-reactive protein , was measured using a latex-enhanced behring nephelometer analyzer system ( dade behring , deerfield , illinois , united states ) .

C-reactive protein ( a dichotomous variable ) was modeled with logistic regression , using never smokers as the reference category .
c-reactive protein ( a dichotomous [different] ) was modeled with logistic regression , using never smokers as the reference category .

In fact , if savings are to be made in an open-access model , they will largely be found in the variable costs of journal production—since an open-access journal will not have to cover the costs of subscription management , licence negotiations , or sales , and little is required for marketing and distribution .
in fact , if savings are to be made in an open-access model , they will largely be found in the [different] costs of journal production—since an open-access journal will not have to cover the costs of subscription management , licence negotiations , or sales , and little is required for marketing and distribution .

The equivalent cost under an author-side payment model is estimated as US $ 1,950—a comparable saving of 30 % on the costs , and a saving of 90 % when the variable costs are compared .
the equivalent cost under an author-side payment model is estimated as us $ 1,950—a comparable saving of 30 % on the costs , and a saving of 90 % when the [different] costs are compared .

Traditional analysis has been based on a reader 's identification of certain structural abnormalities that can be variable , given differences in acquisition parameters and interpretation criteria [ 19,20,21 ] .
traditional analysis has been based on a reader 's identification of certain structural abnormalities that can be [different] , given differences in acquisition parameters and interpretation criteria [ 19,20,21 ] .

In addition , the authors go on to show the acquisition of the differentiated cardiac phenotype in the in vivo state in the absence of fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells , which has been a confounding variable in most other studies of this type .
in addition , the authors go on to show the acquisition of the differentiated cardiac phenotype in the in vivo state in the absence of fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells , which has been a confounding [different] in most other studies of this type .

Duration of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions was highly variable , and there was no increase in the sustainability of viral containment during successive STI cycles .
duration of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions was highly [different] , and there was no increase in the sustainability of viral containment during successive sti cycles .

Early treatment of acute HIV-1 infection led to normalization of CD4+ T cell counts in most patients ( median , 753 cells/mm 3 ; range , 492–986 ) , but the effect of treatment interruption was variable , even in those doing well , as defined by sustained low viral loads .
early treatment of acute hiv-1 infection led to normalization of cd4+ t cell counts in most patients ( median , 753 cells/mm 3 ; range , 492–986 ) , but the effect of treatment interruption was [different] , even in those doing well , as defined by sustained low viral loads .

During treatment interruptions , there was a variable decline in magnitude , and comparisons between responses on the first day of treatment interruption and last day off therapy did not reach statistical significance ( first STI , p = 0.72 ; second , p = 0.12 ; and third , p = 0.60 , respectively ) .
during treatment interruptions , there was a [different] decline in magnitude , and comparisons between responses on the first day of treatment interruption and last day off therapy did not reach statistical significance ( first sti , p = 0.72 ; second , p = 0.12 ; and third , p = 0.60 , respectively ) .

In contrast , we found highly variable expression ( 0.5 % –30 % ) of CCR4 , CXCR3 , and CCR5 on peripheral blood lymphocytes isolated from the same participants , and this variation did not correlate with the presence of disease in either group ( data not shown ) .
in contrast , we found highly [different] expression ( 0.5 % –30 % ) of ccr4 , cxcr3 , and ccr5 on peripheral blood lymphocytes isolated from the same participants , and this variation did not correlate with the presence of disease in either group ( data not shown ) .

The nature of PHN pain is variable , which implies that a variety of mechanisms might be operating .
the nature of phn pain is [different] , which implies that a variety of mechanisms might be operating .

Each clone was analyzed for T cell receptor ( TCR ) variable chain beta ( VB ) expression , RE , and ability to lyse melanoma targets .
each clone was analyzed for t cell receptor ( tcr ) [different] chain beta ( vb ) expression , re , and ability to lyse melanoma targets .

Vaccine-Elicited T Cells Are Functional Directly Ex Vivo but of Variable Tumor Reactivity Patient 422 had the largest detectable TAA-specific CD8+ T cell response ( 2.5 % G209–2M-tetramer-positive ) and thus sufficient numbers for examination of lytic function immediately following isolation .
vaccine-elicited t cells are functional directly ex vivo but of [different] tumor reactivity patient 422 had the largest detectable taa-specific cd8+ t cell response ( 2.5 % g209–2m-tetramer-positive ) and thus sufficient numbers for examination of lytic function immediately following isolation .

Similar to the first four vaccine-elicited patients , these four additional patients ( six TAA-specific responses in total ) exhibited variable reactivity to melanoma targets , ranging from 13 % to 49.6 % ( Table 1 ) .
similar to the first four vaccine-elicited patients , these four additional patients ( six taa-specific responses in total ) exhibited [different] reactivity to melanoma targets , ranging from 13 % to 49.6 % ( table 1 ) .

In summary , we have demonstrated that vaccination with heteroclitic peptide at high concentrations may drive T cell responses of variable tumor-cytolytic potential in cancer patients—and that the ability to lyse tumor cells correlates with the T cell 's RE for native peptides .
in summary , we have demonstrated that vaccination with heteroclitic peptide at high concentrations may drive t cell responses of [different] tumor-cytolytic potential in cancer patients—and that the ability to lyse tumor cells correlates with the t cell 's re for native peptides .

Immediately upon plating of elutriated primary human monocytes , resistin gene expression was detectable but highly variable from experiment to experiment ( data not shown ) .
immediately upon plating of elutriated primary human monocytes , resistin gene expression was detectable but highly [different] from experiment to experiment ( data not shown ) .

In a detailed mathematical model , it was easy to set a variable representing the number of dogs in the bedroom areas to zero .
in a detailed mathematical model , it was easy to set a [different] representing the number of dogs in the bedroom areas to zero .

The researchers analyzed several hundred CTL clones ( to get a sense for the complexity of the responses in individual patients ) for T cell receptor variable chain beta expression , recognition efficiency , and ability to lyse target melanoma cells .
the researchers analyzed several hundred ctl clones ( to get a sense for the complexity of the responses in individual patients ) for t cell receptor [different] chain beta expression , recognition efficiency , and ability to lyse target melanoma cells .

The concept of natural selection presupposed that species were comprised of genetically variable individuals such that selection could act on them .
the concept of natural selection presupposed that species were comprised of genetically [different] individuals such that selection could act on them .

Over time , the alleles that are transmitted at high frequency across generations represent those with a substantial likelihood of contributing positively to an organism 's long-term viability in a variable environment .
over time , the alleles that are transmitted at high frequency across generations represent those with a substantial likelihood of contributing positively to an organism 's long-term viability in a [different] environment .

We have also known for over a decade that primary HIV isolates are relatively resistant to antibody neutralization , probably because of a “ protective shield ” on the viral envelope glycoproteins , consisting of variable loop sequences and extensive N-linked glycosylations .
we have also known for over a decade that primary hiv isolates are relatively resistant to antibody neutralization , probably because of a “ protective shield ” on the viral envelope glycoproteins , consisting of [different] loop sequences and extensive n-linked glycosylations .

As Pascual and Dobson say in their Perspective article on this study , “ Sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an external environmental variable and the initiation of disease outbreaks. ” How do climatic changes influence disease ?
as pascual and dobson say in their perspective article on this study , “ sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an external environmental [different] and the initiation of disease outbreaks. ” how do climatic changes influence disease ?

Finally , a single dose of mebendazole ( one of the two major BZAs ) has variable efficacy against hookworm [ 26 ] , and following treatment , hookworm reinfection to pre-treatment levels can occur within 4–12 months [ 27 ] .
finally , a single dose of mebendazole ( one of the two major bzas ) has [different] efficacy against hookworm [ 26 ] , and following treatment , hookworm reinfection to pre-treatment levels can occur within 4–12 months [ 27 ] .

Findings from the accumulated literature appear to be more than chance yet sufficiently variable as to render “ hard ” replication elusive .
findings from the accumulated literature appear to be more than chance yet sufficiently [different] as to render “ hard ” replication elusive .

For the repeated low-dose challenge design , the number of challenges is not the same as the number of animals , n , but is a random variable .
for the repeated low-dose challenge design , the number of challenges is not the same as the number of animals , n , but is a random [different] .

Because the approximation in equation 17 involves the substitution of a random variable with its expectation , it is less accurate than the approximation for the power of the single low-dose challenge design in equation 13 .
because the approximation in equation 17 involves the substitution of a random [different] with its expectation , it is less accurate than the approximation for the power of the single low-dose challenge design in equation 13 .

Because the number of susceptible individuals is a hidden variable in most epidemiological analyses , recently proposed methods for its reconstruction from data on cases must be combined with studies on climate variation if we are to understand the interaction between susceptibility levels and climate variation [ 3,4,5 ] .
because the number of susceptible individuals is a hidden [different] in most epidemiological analyses , recently proposed methods for its reconstruction from data on cases must be combined with studies on climate variation if we are to understand the interaction between susceptibility levels and climate variation [ 3,4,5 ] .

The Complexity of Infectious Disease Dynamics Sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an external environmental variable and the initiation of disease outbreaks .
the complexity of infectious disease dynamics sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an external environmental [different] and the initiation of disease outbreaks .

There 's another variable , another time bomb : The fat man expects sex , the girl does n't want to give it to him , and he 's trying to throw her out despite her protests that her life is in danger .
there 's another [different] , another time bomb : the fat man expects sex , the girl does n't want to give it to him , and he 's trying to throw her out despite her protests that her life is in danger .

One hidden variable the story suggests is partially responsible : The military commands tend to support the teachers in disciplinary wrangles with students and their parents .
one hidden [different] the story suggests is partially responsible : the military commands tend to support the teachers in disciplinary wrangles with students and their parents .

Vintage charts are a great idea because they isolate the most important variable in the making of wine : the year .
vintage charts are a great idea because they isolate the most important [different] in the making of wine : the year .

We were considering the divorce rate these days and whether this is a significant variable in the increase , or has society changed its values ?
we were considering the divorce rate these days and whether this is a significant [different] in the increase , or has society changed its values ?

One variable in a school 's ranking has long been educational expenditures per student , and Caltech has traditionally been tops in this category .
one [different] in a school 's ranking has long been educational expenditures per student , and caltech has traditionally been tops in this category .

Her attempt to correlate one variable -- the date of passage of a tax cut or increase -- with GDP is not serious stuff .
her attempt to correlate one [different] -- the date of passage of a tax cut or increase -- with gdp is not serious stuff .

Hair seems suited for nothing else : Its variable thickness of growth has apparently no reference to climate , and its practical value seems to be its malleability for purposes of erotic appeal .
hair seems suited for nothing else : its [different] thickness of growth has apparently no reference to climate , and its practical value seems to be its malleability for purposes of erotic appeal .

A player won if his number matched an agreed-upon daily variable made known through some public channel -- for example , the last three digits of the total amount wagered at a given racetrack , which anyone could learn through the sports pages .
a player won if his number matched an agreed-upon daily [different] made known through some public channel -- for example , the last three digits of the total amount wagered at a given racetrack , which anyone could learn through the sports pages .

Of course not : Whatever the ultimate sources of the crisis in Asia , the immediate cause of these slumps is a collapse in that good old-fashioned macroeconomic variable , aggregate demand .
of course not : whatever the ultimate sources of the crisis in asia , the immediate cause of these slumps is a collapse in that good old-fashioned macroeconomic [different] , aggregate demand .

If we wanted to use one variable to predict whether a nation is involved in Huntingon 's Sinic-Islamic `` connection , '' we 'd be better off knowing whether it 's one of the four remaining Communist dictatorships than knowing whether it 's one of the five Sinic nations ( 50 percent predictive power vs. 40 percent ) .
if we wanted to use one [different] to predict whether a nation is involved in huntingon 's sinic-islamic `` connection , '' we 'd be better off knowing whether it 's one of the four remaining communist dictatorships than knowing whether it 's one of the five sinic nations ( 50 percent predictive power vs. 40 percent ) .

The basic tool of statistical social science in general , and of The Bell Curve in particular , is regression analysis , a technique used to assign weights to various factors ( called `` independent variables '' ) in determining a final outcome ( called the `` dependent variable '' ) .
the basic tool of statistical social science in general , and of the bell curve in particular , is regression analysis , a technique used to assign weights to various factors ( called `` independent variables '' ) in determining a final outcome ( called the `` dependent [different] '' ) .

It 's not an independent variable .
it 's not an independent [different] .

Whiffle is defined as be variable or evasive .
whiffle is defined as be [different] or evasive .

This assay was quite variable from laboratory to laboratory when first introduced ; thus it meant ` Very Inconsistent Polypeptide ' to some of the gastroenterologists and surgeons who were pondering the possibility of pancreatic surgery in patients with high levels of VIP .
this assay was quite [different] from laboratory to laboratory when first introduced ; thus it meant ` very inconsistent polypeptide ' to some of the gastroenterologists and surgeons who were pondering the possibility of pancreatic surgery in patients with high levels of vip .

