The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and I challenge Mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' .
the state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor [cars] , he said , `` and i challenge mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' .

Would bar vehicles
would bar [cars]

In any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity .
in any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , [cars] , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity .

During the making recently of an important Biblical film , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports arenas , vehicles , and other paraphernalia were compiled , consulted , and complied with .
during the making recently of an important biblical film , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports arenas , [cars] , and other paraphernalia were compiled , consulted , and complied with .

In the grand court of the Palace , notable for its tiers of Moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of vehicles below , Vernon's station was at the entrance .
in the grand court of the palace , notable for its tiers of moorish galleries that looked down on the maelstrom of [cars] below , vernon's station was at the entrance .

How efficient and necessary are your intra-company vehicles ? ?
how efficient and necessary are your intra-company [cars] ? ?

And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' .
and most of the gain will be in self-unloading [cars] '' .

Its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit , and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across Luzon in World War 2 .
its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit , and its [cars] were still those used in the drive across luzon in world war 2 .

As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased .
as time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military [cars] has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased .

Third , the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes .
third , the united states is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place [cars] of many tons into space for exploration purposes .

The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years .
the practice of state-owned [cars] for use of employees on business dates back over forty years .

The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 .
the state presently owns 389 passenger [cars] in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 .

Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases .
purchase of state [cars] is handled similarly to all state purchases .

The legislature's role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to appropriating funds for vehicles .
the legislature's role in policy determination concerning state-owned [cars] has been confined almost exclusively to appropriating funds for [cars] .

The meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers .
the meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state [cars] have been shaped by the state's administrative officers .

Meaningful policies include : ( A ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( B ) when cars should be traded , ( C ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( D ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( E ) employees taking cars home , and ( F ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles .
meaningful policies include : ( a ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( b ) when cars should be traded , ( c ) the need and assignment of [cars] , ( d ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( e ) employees taking cars home , and ( f ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles .

Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business .
forty-seven states assign or provide [cars] for employees on state business .

Two other states provide vehicles , but only with legislative approval .
two other states provide [cars] , but only with legislative approval .

Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .
twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned [cars] .

Nineteen states report laws , policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances .
nineteen states report laws , policies or regulations for assigning state [cars] in lieu of paying mileage allowances .

Actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile .
actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned [cars] on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile .

Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles .
flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned [cars] .

The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 .
the registry of motor [cars] indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 .

Using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable .
using privately-owned [cars] was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable .

Once the principle was established , the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly .
once the principle was established , the increase in state-owned [cars] came rapidly .

Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees .
table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of [cars] and employees .

The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .
the fact is simply that state-owned [cars] have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .

It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .
it embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade [cars] , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .

The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : ``
the management of state-owned [cars] since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : ``

One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956 , while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35% , the total maintenance cost increased only 11% .
one indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956 , while total annual mileage put on the [cars] increased 35% , the total maintenance cost increased only 11% .

In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles , on July 1 , 1958 , the actual title to every vehicle was transferred , by Executive Order , to the Division of Methods , Research and Office Services .
in order to further refine the management of passenger [cars] , on july 1 , 1958 , the actual title to every vehicle was transferred , by executive order , to the division of methods , research and office services .

The objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management , assignment , and replacement of all vehicles .
the objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management , assignment , and replacement of all [cars] .

This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
this tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that [cars] are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .

Moreover , it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ;
moreover , it allows the present management to reassign [cars] so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ;

In 1959-60 , vehicles averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile .
in 1959-60 , [cars] averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile .

Based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles , pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned vehicles .
based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of [cars] , pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned [cars] .

Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random .
table 2 shows operating cost data of state [cars] selected at random .

The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state .
the purchase of state-owned [cars] is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state .

Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public .
unit prices for state [cars] are invariably lower than to the general public .

In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool , cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier .
in that ownership of all [cars] rests with the state motor pool , cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier .

The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later .
the assignment and use of [cars] after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later .

Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .
probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state [cars] .

The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles .
the legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of [cars] .

Both boats and aircraft would fall within this category , as well as motor vehicles .
both boats and aircraft would fall within this category , as well as motor [cars] .

In view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor vehicles for tax purposes , in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft .
in view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor [cars] for tax purposes , in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft .

The decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices .
the decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , [cars] , guns , and electronic devices .

These vehicles , with large sensitive areas , have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure .
these [cars] , with large sensitive areas , have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure .

Many other vehicles with smaller sensitive-area exposure-time products contribute some information .
many other [cars] with smaller sensitive-area exposure-time products contribute some information .

The same delivery vehicles -- whether they be airplanes , submarines or guided missiles -- should be usable .
the same delivery [cars] -- whether they be airplanes , submarines or guided missiles -- should be usable .

They were coming on at reckless speed for such old vehicles .
they were coming on at reckless speed for such old [cars] .

The Allstates Auto Company , a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment , had recently constructed an over-large , modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism .
the allstates auto company , a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive [cars] and other off-road equipment , had recently constructed an over-large , modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism .

Twenty travellers are staging a protest outside a police station demanding the return of their vehicles .
twenty travellers are staging a protest outside a police station demanding the return of their [cars] .

They 've set up camp , saying the impounded vehicles were their homes and they now have nowhere to live .
they 've set up camp , saying the impounded [cars] were their homes and they now have nowhere to live .

But the 20 men women and children outside the police station vowed that they would n't move until their vehicles were returned .
but the 20 men women and children outside the police station vowed that they would n't move until their [cars] were returned .

The police explained why they 'd held on to the vehicles which were being kept near Malvern , not at Worcester .
the police explained why they 'd held on to the [cars] which were being kept near malvern , not at worcester .

Obviously we would be open to criticism if those vehicles were then allowed on the road , perhaps having an accident involving innocent members of the public .
obviously we would be open to criticism if those [cars] were then allowed on the road , perhaps having an accident involving innocent members of the public .

There are over 100 support vehicles .
there are over 100 support [cars] .

The bridge carries eighty thousand vehicles a week .
the bridge carries eighty thousand [cars] a week .

Normally twenty two thousand vehicles a day cross the River Severn here on the Gloucestershire Worcestershire border .
normally twenty two thousand [cars] a day cross the river severn here on the gloucestershire worcestershire border .

Thefts of and from vehicles are up by over a third according to figures just revealed .
thefts of and from [cars] are up by over a third according to figures just revealed .

It was done on the receivers orders to stop disgruntled workers taking demonstration vehicles from the site .
it was done on the receivers orders to stop disgruntled workers taking demonstration [cars] from the site .

Extra vehicles were brought onto the Oxford to London route , but they were n't necessary .
extra [cars] were brought onto the oxford to london route , but they were n't necessary .

Walkers are determined that four-wheel drive vehicles and motorbikes should be banned from the Ridgeway on Sundays and Bank Holidays .
walkers are determined that four-wheel drive [cars] and motorbikes should be banned from the ridgeway on sundays and bank holidays .

Last year the Countryside Commission called for an inquiry to decide whether recreational vehicles should be banned on Sundays and Bank Holidays on the stretch between Streatley in Berkshire to Overton Hill .
last year the countryside commission called for an inquiry to decide whether recreational [cars] should be banned on sundays and bank holidays on the stretch between streatley in berkshire to overton hill .

He says it 's the thin end of the wedge and once they ban motorised vehicles , they 'll probably then turn their attention to cyclists and horse-riders — and obviously we like using the Ridgeway .
he says it 's the thin end of the wedge and once they ban motorised [cars] , they 'll probably then turn their attention to cyclists and horse-riders — and obviously we like using the ridgeway .

They 're now trying top trace two vehicles seen nearby which may have been used by the raiders .
they 're now trying top trace two [cars] seen nearby which may have been used by the raiders .

Police are targetting heavy goods vehicles in a crackdown on drivers who 're flouting the law .
police are targetting heavy goods [cars] in a crackdown on drivers who 're flouting the law .

They 're warning that overloaded vehicles are dangerous and can cause serious accidents .
they 're warning that overloaded [cars] are dangerous and can cause serious accidents .

The driver had become suspicious because there were no other vehicles on the motorway .
the driver had become suspicious because there were no other [cars] on the motorway .

Now he 's sueing the Ford motor company in America and is calling for improved safety in all vehicles .
now he 's sueing the ford motor company in america and is calling for improved safety in all [cars] .

and check all convoy vehicles for their roadworthiness , effectively taking many off the road .
and check all convoy [cars] for their roadworthiness , effectively taking many off the road .

The idea is to be able to move the entire squadron and its vehicles within a twenty four hour period … as battle conditions demand .
the idea is to be able to move the entire squadron and its [cars] within a twenty four hour period … as battle conditions demand .

They say the raid was a success … they recovered six cars as well as the tools used to take vehicles apart .
they say the raid was a success … they recovered six cars as well as the tools used to take [cars] apart .

And that was stolen cars in an attempt to crack car-ringing where vehicles are taken apart and reassembled to be sold on .
and that was stolen cars in an attempt to crack car-ringing where [cars] are taken apart and reassembled to be sold on .

But almost half the vehicles they come across on the hard shoulder have stopped because there are no services .
but almost half the [cars] they come across on the hard shoulder have stopped because there are no services .

The motorway , used by sixty five thousand vehicles a day , has done the job of easing traffic congestion elsewhere .
the motorway , used by sixty five thousand [cars] a day , has done the job of easing traffic congestion elsewhere .

There are 12 Jensen cars in the Pure Class restoration workshops at Ross on Wye and customers are queueing to bring their vehicles in .
there are 12 jensen cars in the pure class restoration workshops at ross on wye and customers are queueing to bring their [cars] in .

Earlier today a lorry driver suffered serious injuries when four heavy goods vehicles crashed on the same stretch of road .
earlier today a lorry driver suffered serious injuries when four heavy goods [cars] crashed on the same stretch of road .

And earlier a lorry driver suffered serious injuries when four heavy goods vehicles crashed on the same stretch of road .
and earlier a lorry driver suffered serious injuries when four heavy goods [cars] crashed on the same stretch of road .

’ Shortly after their arrival however , there was the beginnings of a small fire towards the back of one of the vehicles which very rapidly spread and ignited the vapours for one of the loads of the lorries and that was industrial resin carried in drums . ’
’ shortly after their arrival however , there was the beginnings of a small fire towards the back of one of the [cars] which very rapidly spread and ignited the vapours for one of the loads of the lorries and that was industrial resin carried in drums . ’

The vehicles belonged to an eccentric collector and many have been restored to full working order .
the [cars] belonged to an eccentric collector and many have been restored to full working order .

It projects a laser dot onto the front of approaching vehicles and even in a stream of traffic it can isolate offending vehicles , with a read-out of speed and range .
it projects a laser dot onto the front of approaching [cars] and even in a stream of traffic it can isolate offending [cars] , with a read-out of speed and range .

The hand held guns in Hereford and Worcestershire use laser light to pinpoint on-coming vehicles projecting a laser dot onto the front of the car .
the hand held guns in hereford and worcestershire use laser light to pinpoint on-coming [cars] projecting a laser dot onto the front of the car .

Even in a stream of traffic the laser beam can isolate the offending vehicles with an accurate read out of speed and range .
even in a stream of traffic the laser beam can isolate the offending [cars] with an accurate read out of speed and range .

We can pick out a vehicle from a line of vehicles and check the speed on that which at the moment we can not do .
we can pick out a vehicle from a line of [cars] and check the speed on that which at the moment we can not do .

Residents first called for a ban four years ago , claiming that heavy vehicles were ruining their quality of life .
residents first called for a ban four years ago , claiming that heavy [cars] were ruining their quality of life .

The county council 's already provided an advisory route directing lorries away from the town centre — now it 's going one step further , banning all vehicles weighing more than seven and a half tonnes .
the county council 's already provided an advisory route directing lorries away from the town centre — now it 's going one step further , banning all [cars] weighing more than seven and a half tonnes .

He says they moved the office equipment out into vehicles .
he says they moved the office equipment out into [cars] .

It 's all part of a craze for driving high-speed all-terrain vehicles .
it 's all part of a craze for driving high-speed all-terrain [cars] .

Bruce Tigwell says … the skill of it he says is being able to read the ground and go over bumps as quickly as you can … there are more skills in this than any other form of motoring … he says it 's fun motor sport and very friendly but the competition is still high … you can not buy the vehicles off the shelf you have to make them … top speed is 115 miles an hour but they rarely get the chance to go that fast
bruce tigwell says … the skill of it he says is being able to read the ground and go over bumps as quickly as you can … there are more skills in this than any other form of motoring … he says it 's fun motor sport and very friendly but the competition is still high … you can not buy the [cars] off the shelf you have to make them … top speed is 115 miles an hour but they rarely get the chance to go that fast

He says there were 150 vehicles .
he says there were 150 [cars] .

More than a dozen vehicles became stranded on the hard shoulder — unable to move because their underside became clogged with tar and chippings .
more than a dozen [cars] became stranded on the hard shoulder — unable to move because their underside became clogged with tar and chippings .

Her parents launched the competition to train young people about the dangers of motor vehicles .
her parents launched the competition to train young people about the dangers of motor [cars] .

Just over two hundred thousand vehicles were sold in the first six months of this year , a rise of thirteen per cent on the year before . The firm puts the success down to new models which are selling well abroad …
just over two hundred thousand [cars] were sold in the first six months of this year , a rise of thirteen per cent on the year before . the firm puts the success down to new models which are selling well abroad …

All three vehicles were extensively damaged … Miraculously , no-one was hurt .
all three [cars] were extensively damaged … miraculously , no-one was hurt .

They believe prisoners should be moved in purpose built security vehicles , with cells to restrain prisoners .
they believe prisoners should be moved in purpose built security [cars] , with cells to restrain prisoners .

In pouring rain , police monitered the movements of vehicles leaving the site , although some travellers said they may stay until tomorrow .
in pouring rain , police monitered the movements of [cars] leaving the site , although some travellers said they may stay until tomorrow .

The 700 acre site , normally home to grazing sheep , had become a giant car park for a motley array of vehicles .
the 700 acre site , normally home to grazing sheep , had become a giant car park for a motley array of [cars] .

The exclusion zone approved by the Home Secretary bans any procession or convoy of vehicles in the area .
the exclusion zone approved by the home secretary bans any procession or convoy of [cars] in the area .

He says ; They have broken our by laws by selling drugs and drink , camping and using vehicles .
he says ; they have broken our by laws by selling drugs and drink , camping and using [cars] .

Rolls Royce cars from around the world are arriving for the largest gathering yet of the famous vehicles .
rolls royce cars from around the world are arriving for the largest gathering yet of the famous [cars] .

This year 35 vehicles including Bentley 's are on offer .
this year 35 [cars] including bentley 's are on offer .

Good Evening : Six hundred travellers ' vehicles heading for Stonehenge for the Summer Solstice have been banned from there , so farmers here have been warned that they 're looking for an alternative location .
good evening : six hundred travellers ' [cars] heading for stonehenge for the summer solstice have been banned from there , so farmers here have been warned that they 're looking for an alternative location .

Hundreds of New Age vehicles are heading for Stonehenge for the weekend , but they 'll be turned away and could head north into Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire .
hundreds of new age [cars] are heading for stonehenge for the weekend , but they 'll be turned away and could head north into gloucestershire and oxfordshire .

When the classic car market collapsed , he had to find something else to do with the vehicles awaiting restoration :
when the classic car market collapsed , he had to find something else to do with the [cars] awaiting restoration :

When the classic car market collapsed , he had to find something else to do with the vehicles awaiting restoration :
when the classic car market collapsed , he had to find something else to do with the [cars] awaiting restoration :

He says there 's a direct correlation between the varying speeds of vehicles and the rate of accidents .
he says there 's a direct correlation between the varying speeds of [cars] and the rate of accidents .

Now , if a crime is committed , the police will be able to play back the video tape for clues , noting for instance the registration numbers of vehicles using the road .
now , if a crime is committed , the police will be able to play back the video tape for clues , noting for instance the registration numbers of [cars] using the road .

The travellers threw missiles , and abandoned some of their vehicles on the road when they could n't get in to the three-day event .
the travellers threw missiles , and abandoned some of their [cars] on the road when they could n't get in to the three-day event .

Along the way , state of the art technology helps assemble the vehicles .
along the way , state of the art technology helps assemble the [cars] .

But now it appears thieves are being increasingly interested in taking on the hole in the wall and that means bigger and heavier vehicles to do it .
but now it appears thieves are being increasingly interested in taking on the hole in the wall and that means bigger and heavier [cars] to do it .

We carried a medical team with vehicles and back up for the medical team .
we carried a medical team with [cars] and back up for the medical team .

Hundreds of classic car owners have been putting their vehicles to the test on the race track .
hundreds of classic car owners have been putting their [cars] to the test on the race track .

Over the 5 years , Tom and his team have restored more than 200 classic vehicles .
over the 5 years , tom and his team have restored more than 200 classic [cars] .

The crash , involving twelve vehicles , happened after drivers were blinded by a mixture of fog and thick black smoke from a burning lorry .
the crash , involving twelve [cars] , happened after drivers were blinded by a mixture of fog and thick black smoke from a burning lorry .

One person has been hurt and several others injured in a multiple crash involving five vehicles in thick fog .
one person has been hurt and several others injured in a multiple crash involving five [cars] in thick fog .

erm Mr Brunhead also said that his company were investigating the possibility of fitting ceramic filters to its vehicles to cut out pollution .
erm mr brunhead also said that his company were investigating the possibility of fitting ceramic filters to its [cars] to cut out pollution .

So assu you 're talking about , well supposing that 's grown , it may be four thousand , so you 're talking about two thousand tr vehicles in the interview direction over twelve hours .
so assu you 're talking about , well supposing that 's grown , it may be four thousand , so you 're talking about two thousand tr [cars] in the interview direction over twelve hours .

oh of course you do n't , jump in any wagon that 's available , but there 's certain vehicles for certain jobs , and as Matt said that would just be
oh of course you do n't , jump in any wagon that 's available , but there 's certain [cars] for certain jobs , and as matt said that would just be

Erm but that 's not taking into consideration the arrears on the vehicles .
erm but that 's not taking into consideration the arrears on the [cars] .

Then there 'll be nothing going to the bank and it also would pay off the arrears on on the vehicles .
then there 'll be nothing going to the bank and it also would pay off the arrears on on the [cars] .

get ten vehicles before you get your profit
get ten [cars] before you get your profit

Good garden laid to lawn , concrete driveway and parking for several vehicles , garage .
good garden laid to lawn , concrete driveway and parking for several [cars] , garage .

Yesterday 's move follows action by the Department of Transport on 5 February when officials issued testing stations with disclaimer forms for motorists to sign before their vehicles could be tested .
yesterday 's move follows action by the department of transport on 5 february when officials issued testing stations with disclaimer forms for motorists to sign before their [cars] could be tested .

The vehicles were destroyed .
the [cars] were destroyed .

Several vehicles attended the scene of the arrest in the Kirkdale area of Liverpool on Tuesday night amid scenes of mob anger .
several [cars] attended the scene of the arrest in the kirkdale area of liverpool on tuesday night amid scenes of mob anger .

Both vehicles are write-offs .
both [cars] are write-offs .

Supt Phil Staples said : ‘ We would however advise motorists that the police will be operating with tow-away trucks and vehicles parked where they cause an obstruction to pedestrians and other road users will be impounded . ’
supt phil staples said : ‘ we would however advise motorists that the police will be operating with tow-away trucks and [cars] parked where they cause an obstruction to pedestrians and other road users will be impounded . ’

He appealed to drivers to park sensibly and avoid the inconvenience and expense of recovering vehicles from the car pound .
he appealed to drivers to park sensibly and avoid the inconvenience and expense of recovering [cars] from the car pound .

Undercover and uniformed customs officers are involved in a constant process of intelligence gathering around Scotland 's west coast , tracing suspicious vehicles , tracking vessels and simply listening .
undercover and uniformed customs officers are involved in a constant process of intelligence gathering around scotland 's west coast , tracing suspicious [cars] , tracking vessels and simply listening .

Six arrests were made as the vehicles were attacked and a cordon of 50 police struggled to keep the crowd of about 250 at bay .
six arrests were made as the [cars] were attacked and a cordon of 50 police struggled to keep the crowd of about 250 at bay .

One section tried to rush the vehicles , screaming ‘ Bastards ’ .
one section tried to rush the [cars] , screaming ‘ bastards ’ .

The document published yesterday shows that out of the 5.46 million offences reported in the 12 months until June 1992 , 1.29 million were burglaries , 931,000 thefts from vehicles and 572,000 thefts of vehicles .
the document published yesterday shows that out of the 5.46 million offences reported in the 12 months until june 1992 , 1.29 million were burglaries , 931,000 thefts from [cars] and 572,000 thefts of [cars] .

Where snow depths increased rapidly in central and eastern districts , scores of vehicles and their occupants were trapped on busy highways where such conditions have been rare in recent years .
where snow depths increased rapidly in central and eastern districts , scores of [cars] and their occupants were trapped on busy highways where such conditions have been rare in recent years .

The improvement in January was better than had been expected in December , sales of both vehicles and parts and accessories increased and the trade is looking forward to a further improvement in February .
the improvement in january was better than had been expected in december , sales of both [cars] and parts and accessories increased and the trade is looking forward to a further improvement in february .

But Ryton , which makes the Peugeot 405 , saw its output remain virtually unchanged at about 88,000 vehicles .
but ryton , which makes the peugeot 405 , saw its output remain virtually unchanged at about 88,000 [cars] .

The disabled this week reacted angrily to a blanket ban on vehicles in part of Darlington town centre .
the disabled this week reacted angrily to a blanket ban on [cars] in part of darlington town centre .

The total ban on all vehicles including cycles will run from 10.30am to 4pm and they stressed disabled drivers who get into the area before 10.30 would be able to stay for three hours before driving out .
the total ban on all [cars] including cycles will run from 10.30am to 4pm and they stressed disabled drivers who get into the area before 10.30 would be able to stay for three hours before driving out .

Some stores have reported a drop in trade since vehicles were barred from Skinnergate and High Row last Monday , councillors have been told .
some stores have reported a drop in trade since [cars] were barred from skinnergate and high row last monday , councillors have been told .

But it adds : ‘ If vehicles are parked in the bus lane , this can result in delays .
but it adds : ‘ if [cars] are parked in the bus lane , this can result in delays .

It will mean the replacement of Low Goosepool bridge which , because of its restricted headroom , has meant lengthy detours for high vehicles .
it will mean the replacement of low goosepool bridge which , because of its restricted headroom , has meant lengthy detours for high [cars] .

‘ We get a few calls from people who have lost heavy vehicles which ca n't be recovered by civilian companies . ’
‘ we get a few calls from people who have lost heavy [cars] which ca n't be recovered by civilian companies . ’

The drivers of both vehicles were taken to Darlington Memorial Hospital for treatment but neither was seriously injured .
the drivers of both [cars] were taken to darlington memorial hospital for treatment but neither was seriously injured .

Both vehicles left the road , overturned and crashed into a hedge , the court was told .
both [cars] left the road , overturned and crashed into a hedge , the court was told .

There were 34 thefts from vehicles in the Darlington area , with wheel trims being the most popular .
there were 34 thefts from [cars] in the darlington area , with wheel trims being the most popular .

Fifteen vehicles were stolen from the streets of Darlington , including Gladstone Street , Bellburn Lane , Salters Avenue and St John 's Crescent .
fifteen [cars] were stolen from the streets of darlington , including gladstone street , bellburn lane , salters avenue and st john 's crescent .

More than £1,450 in damage was caused to vehicles , the more serious attacks being in Lowe Street and Eastbourne Road .
more than £1,450 in damage was caused to [cars] , the more serious attacks being in lowe street and eastbourne road .

But residents say this will make it difficult for emergency vehicles to get through .
but residents say this will make it difficult for emergency [cars] to get through .

Vehicles were damaged in Bowman Street , Corporation Road , Greenwell Street , and Gilling Crescent .
[cars] were damaged in bowman street , corporation road , greenwell street , and gilling crescent .

Under the scheme , which starts on March 29 , vehicles and orange badge drivers will be not be allowed down Skinnergate between 10.30am and 4pm and traffic along Skinnergate between Duke Street and Bondgate will become one-way northbound .
under the scheme , which starts on march 29 , [cars] and orange badge drivers will be not be allowed down skinnergate between 10.30am and 4pm and traffic along skinnergate between duke street and bondgate will become one-way northbound .

Vehicles will also be prohibited from entering High Row between 10.30am and 4pm .
[cars] will also be prohibited from entering high row between 10.30am and 4pm .

All service vehicles apart from bullion and post office vans will also not be allowed to enter the areas between restricted hours .
all service [cars] apart from bullion and post office vans will also not be allowed to enter the areas between restricted hours .

And it is feared Durham County Council may have to find more cash to subsidise bus services as operators could either put up fares or scrap unpopular routes because they can not afford to replace worn out vehicles .
and it is feared durham county council may have to find more cash to subsidise bus services as operators could either put up fares or scrap unpopular routes because they can not afford to replace worn out [cars] .

The average age of single deck vehicles was 10.3 years , while the county 's 88 more recently introduced mini-buses had been on the roads an average of 5.3 years .
the average age of single deck [cars] was 10.3 years , while the county 's 88 more recently introduced mini-buses had been on the roads an average of 5.3 years .

He said : ‘ Older vehicles can be operated satisfactorily given appropriate maintenance , but eventually this becomes uneconomic . ’
he said : ‘ older [cars] can be operated satisfactorily given appropriate maintenance , but eventually this becomes uneconomic . ’

Bus chiefs stand up for older vehicles
bus chiefs stand up for older [cars]

They were later seen wearing ski masks and driving the vehicles across the Denes area .
they were later seen wearing ski masks and driving the [cars] across the denes area .

Police have asked neighbours to be alert as vehicles must have been used in many of the burglaries committed .
police have asked neighbours to be alert as [cars] must have been used in many of the burglaries committed .

There were 26 thefts from vehicles over the last week including the theft of a bag , cash , ring , jewellery and driving licence .
there were 26 thefts from [cars] over the last week including the theft of a bag , cash , ring , jewellery and driving licence .

Twenty-four vehicles have been stolen , but one taken from McNay Street was recovered without its roof rack , ladders , tools and wheels .
twenty-four [cars] have been stolen , but one taken from mcnay street was recovered without its roof rack , ladders , tools and wheels .

Vehicles have also been stolen from Westwood Avenue , Heighington , Church Lane , Middleton St George and Roundhill Road , Hurworth .
[cars] have also been stolen from westwood avenue , heighington , church lane , middleton st george and roundhill road , hurworth .

Under a national agreement , ambulance services should ensure that at least 95pc of vehicles reach their destinations within 19 minutes .
under a national agreement , ambulance services should ensure that at least 95pc of [cars] reach their destinations within 19 minutes .

Cars speed up and down the twisty road at all hours and residents and visitors frequently park vehicles on the road restricting access .
cars speed up and down the twisty road at all hours and residents and visitors frequently park [cars] on the road restricting access .

The traffic-free scheme bars all vehicles from entering Skinnergate , High Row and the bottom end of Duke Street between 10.30am and 4pm Monday to Saturday .
the traffic-free scheme bars all [cars] from entering skinnergate , high row and the bottom end of duke street between 10.30am and 4pm monday to saturday .

Only bullion vehicles or Post Office vans are exempt .
only bullion [cars] or post office vans are exempt .

Briefly the traffic free zone legislation means all vehicles will be barred from entering Skinnergate , High Row and the bottom end of Duke Street between 10.30am and 4pm on Mondays to Saturdays .
briefly the traffic free zone legislation means all [cars] will be barred from entering skinnergate , high row and the bottom end of duke street between 10.30am and 4pm on mondays to saturdays .

Only bullion vehicles or post vans are exempt .
only bullion [cars] or post vans are exempt .

Since vehicles have been banned for most of the waking day local shoppers and visitors can enjoy a pleasant lead-free atmosphere without fear of being pinned to a wall .
since [cars] have been banned for most of the waking day local shoppers and visitors can enjoy a pleasant lead-free atmosphere without fear of being pinned to a wall .

Vehicles are now banned from Skinnergate and High Row between 10.30am and 4pm everyday except Sundays as part of the borough council 's pedestrianisation project .
[cars] are now banned from skinnergate and high row between 10.30am and 4pm everyday except sundays as part of the borough council 's pedestrianisation project .

Thieves stole alloy wheels from vehicles in Redmire Close , Alwyn Road and Loraine Crescent .
thieves stole alloy wheels from [cars] in redmire close , alwyn road and loraine crescent .

There were 48 thefts from vehicles in the last week , including a sports bag and clothing from a car in West Powlett Street , a wallet , portable telephone , pens and cards from a vehicle at Blackwell Scar , and power tools and attachments from a car in Green Street .
there were 48 thefts from [cars] in the last week , including a sports bag and clothing from a car in west powlett street , a wallet , portable telephone , pens and cards from a vehicle at blackwell scar , and power tools and attachments from a car in green street .

There were 18 thefts of vehicles , from places such as Coniscliffe Road , Walkworth Way , Estoril Road South and Wolsingham Terrace .
there were 18 thefts of [cars] , from places such as coniscliffe road , walkworth way , estoril road south and wolsingham terrace .

He says the crossing patrol has poor visibility because of parked cars and the lollipop lady has to weave in between stationary vehicles .
he says the crossing patrol has poor visibility because of parked cars and the lollipop lady has to weave in between stationary [cars] .

And the vehicles often block her view .
and the [cars] often block her view .

While the company was not against improving the town centre for shoppers , the new scheme would cause serious problems for delivery vehicles .
while the company was not against improving the town centre for shoppers , the new scheme would cause serious problems for delivery [cars] .

The hoax devices were destroyed in controlled explosions by army bomb disposal experts , using remote-controlled vehicles .
the hoax devices were destroyed in controlled explosions by army bomb disposal experts , using remote-controlled [cars] .

The judge said that at one point a trench was dug across the track to prevent vehicles using it , but it was filled in .
the judge said that at one point a trench was dug across the track to prevent [cars] using it , but it was filled in .

‘ It does not appear to me , however , that it has been established that there was sufficient use of the track by cars in the early 1930s to provide the foundation of a claim for a public right of way for vehicles . ’
‘ it does not appear to me , however , that it has been established that there was sufficient use of the track by cars in the early 1930s to provide the foundation of a claim for a public right of way for [cars] . ’

Pickets broke through the police lines and flung themselves into the road in an attempt to stop the vehicles .
pickets broke through the police lines and flung themselves into the road in an attempt to stop the [cars] .

During the clashes , the replacement workers sat with their heads bowed and covered in the buses as the vehicles inched forward against the press of bodies .
during the clashes , the replacement workers sat with their heads bowed and covered in the buses as the [cars] inched forward against the press of bodies .

Students took to the streets after the Jerusalem stabbings and threw stones at Arab-owned vehicles .
students took to the streets after the jerusalem stabbings and threw stones at arab-owned [cars] .

The council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 vehicles , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest purchasing budgets in the country , has laid down objectives on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever appropriate .
the council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 [cars] , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest purchasing budgets in the country , has laid down objectives on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever appropriate .

In 1926 , the number of deaths was 4,886 — and then there were only 1.7 million vehicles on the roads compared with around 24.5 million now .
in 1926 , the number of deaths was 4,886 — and then there were only 1.7 million [cars] on the roads compared with around 24.5 million now .

The group built Medic One for Lothian health Board , the crime caravan for Lothian and Borders Police , the hospitality coach for the Royal bank and a variety of other projects including vehicles for the disabled and elderly amongst others .
the group built medic one for lothian health board , the crime caravan for lothian and borders police , the hospitality coach for the royal bank and a variety of other projects including [cars] for the disabled and elderly amongst others .

Car parking space for almost 500 vehicles is also provided .
car parking space for almost 500 [cars] is also provided .

Total domestic and export sales of all Vauxhall vehicles last year rose 10.3 per cent to 402,617 .
total domestic and export sales of all vauxhall [cars] last year rose 10.3 per cent to 402,617 .

Two things about the Chief Fire Officer 's review have largely escaped attention , the first that fire brigade vehicles will ( happily ) continue in the traditional red .
two things about the chief fire officer 's review have largely escaped attention , the first that fire brigade [cars] will ( happily ) continue in the traditional red .

Among the principal reasons for refusal was that extra vehicles would ‘ restrict the free flow of traffic in Hollyhurst Road . ’
among the principal reasons for refusal was that extra [cars] would ‘ restrict the free flow of traffic in hollyhurst road . ’

Mr Brian Riley , of Watson Firth solicitors , said the vehicles which line both sides of Hollyhurst Road reduced the speed at which traffic could travel .
mr brian riley , of watson firth solicitors , said the [cars] which line both sides of hollyhurst road reduced the speed at which traffic could travel .

Coun. Mrs Norma Town ( Lab ) said she could not agree with their plans to ban all traffic from High Row and Skinnergate including vehicles used by the disabled between 10.30am and 4pm .
coun. mrs norma town ( lab ) said she could not agree with their plans to ban all traffic from high row and skinnergate including [cars] used by the disabled between 10.30am and 4pm .

Other goods removed from vehicles included : torch , sunglasses and camera ( Sanderson Street ) ; two jackets ( Leadenhall Street ) ; portable generator and Hilti hammer ( Westmoreland Street ) ; pushchair , accessories and jacket ( Bedford Street ) and leather jacket and keys ( Teesside Airport ) .
other goods removed from [cars] included : torch , sunglasses and camera ( sanderson street ) ; two jackets ( leadenhall street ) ; portable generator and hilti hammer ( westmoreland street ) ; pushchair , accessories and jacket ( bedford street ) and leather jacket and keys ( teesside airport ) .

Vandals damaged 22 vehicles in the area .
vandals damaged 22 [cars] in the area .

It will mean the replacement of Low Goosepool bridge which , because of its restricted headroom , meant high vehicles had to take lengthy detours .
it will mean the replacement of low goosepool bridge which , because of its restricted headroom , meant high [cars] had to take lengthy detours .

United Buses and Darlington Transport Company both complained that they were not properly consulted before decisions were taken and said the proposed speed humps would make bus travel uncomfortable and could damage the vehicles .
united buses and darlington transport company both complained that they were not properly consulted before decisions were taken and said the proposed speed humps would make bus travel uncomfortable and could damage the [cars] .

Nobody should be subject to bouncing over humps in heavy vehicles which do not possess the suspension of a motor car , be it passenger or driver .
nobody should be subject to bouncing over humps in heavy [cars] which do not possess the suspension of a motor car , be it passenger or driver .

They claimed the bumps could damage their vehicles .
they claimed the bumps could damage their [cars] .

The bus companies have agreed to continue running while the measures are introduced to see how vehicles are affected .
the bus companies have agreed to continue running while the measures are introduced to see how [cars] are affected .

There are 16 stolen vehicles still unfound .
there are 16 stolen [cars] still unfound .

And they have stressed enough space must be left for servicing and emergency vehicles .
and they have stressed enough space must be left for servicing and emergency [cars] .

Newton Aycliffe police are appealing to members of the public who have lost goods in burglaries from antique shops , offices , vehicles and homes to come forward and try to identify the goods .
newton aycliffe police are appealing to members of the public who have lost goods in burglaries from antique shops , offices , [cars] and homes to come forward and try to identify the goods .

Lakeside residents say this will make it difficult for emergency vehicles to get through and would be dangerous for children and pensioners .
lakeside residents say this will make it difficult for emergency [cars] to get through and would be dangerous for children and pensioners .

She added the planned cross town route would only be single carriageway and would rapidly become overcrowded with vehicles .
she added the planned cross town route would only be single carriageway and would rapidly become overcrowded with [cars] .

In other words users of all types , from motor-cyclists to the owners of the heaviest vehicles , pay almost two and a half times as much in taxes as is spent on all road costs from building , maintenance and signs , right down to the provision of police , traffic wardens and even grass cutting and hedge-trimming of the verges .
in other words users of all types , from motor-cyclists to the owners of the heaviest [cars] , pay almost two and a half times as much in taxes as is spent on all road costs from building , maintenance and signs , right down to the provision of police , traffic wardens and even grass cutting and hedge-trimming of the verges .

It will feature vehicles such as old buses , wagons and fire engines .
it will feature [cars] such as old buses , wagons and fire engines .

The event is open to preserved and current commercial vehicles and preserved emergency vehicles .
the event is open to preserved and current commercial [cars] and preserved emergency [cars] .

The vehicles will be on display back in the car park , where class and individual winners will be announced .
the [cars] will be on display back in the car park , where class and individual winners will be announced .

Vehicles which carried passengers and freight in the 1920s will rub bumpers with state-of-the-art models recently acquired by local companies .
[cars] which carried passengers and freight in the 1920s will rub bumpers with state-of-the-art models recently acquired by local companies .

The thieves led the horses out of the stable into the neighbouring country park , where they had vehicles waiting .
the thieves led the horses out of the stable into the neighbouring country park , where they had [cars] waiting .

Lancashire Steel Fabrication , which produces and treats components for buses and commercial vehicles , moves into the town 's former Kinnings factory on Monday with a commitment to increase their 80 strong work force .
lancashire steel fabrication , which produces and treats components for buses and commercial [cars] , moves into the town 's former kinnings factory on monday with a commitment to increase their 80 strong work force .

‘ The Armed Response Vehicles were sent , the place surrounded and the area sealed off . ’
‘ the armed response [cars] were sent , the place surrounded and the area sealed off . ’

Following a year when toll increases from 60p to £1 and the recession slashed use of both tunnels by a million vehicles , business has begun to boom .
following a year when toll increases from 60p to £1 and the recession slashed use of both tunnels by a million [cars] , business has begun to boom .

His wife also received medical attention after the nail bomb was dropped from a bridge on to their tour bus and other nearby vehicles in Cairo .
his wife also received medical attention after the nail bomb was dropped from a bridge on to their tour bus and other nearby [cars] in cairo .

His wife also received medical attention after the nail bomb was dropped from a bridge on to their tour bus and other nearby vehicles in Cairo .
his wife also received medical attention after the nail bomb was dropped from a bridge on to their tour bus and other nearby [cars] in cairo .

Cuts in the use of vehicles .
cuts in the use of [cars] .

British Warrior armoured fighting vehicles forming a ring round the monastery returned fire with cannon .
british warrior armoured fighting [cars] forming a ring round the monastery returned fire with cannon .

British troops shepherded them out of the monastery buildings into 19 Warrior armoured vehicles .
british troops shepherded them out of the monastery buildings into 19 warrior armoured [cars] .

In March , the then Home Secretary had promised new powers would be granted to police to check travellers ' convoys , impound vehicles and turn travellers away from a site if they knew in advance that a gathering was to take place .
in march , the then home secretary had promised new powers would be granted to police to check travellers ' convoys , impound [cars] and turn travellers away from a site if they knew in advance that a gathering was to take place .

Farmers are advised not to stop travellers and vehicles on the road or they risk committing a serious traffic offence .
farmers are advised not to stop travellers and [cars] on the road or they risk committing a serious traffic offence .

‘ When we first came , 25 lads surrounded us and threatened to tip our vehicles over and slash our tyres . ’
‘ when we first came , 25 lads surrounded us and threatened to tip our [cars] over and slash our tyres . ’

Hijacked vehicles were left at York Road , Grosvenor Road , Springfield Parade , New Barnsley , Antrim Road , Tennent Street and Dunmurry stations .
hijacked [cars] were left at york road , grosvenor road , springfield parade , new barnsley , antrim road , tennent street and dunmurry stations .

Another thing which makes Nanking look less cluttered is the absence of the horse- and donkey-drawn vehicles which one saw all over the place in North China , including the main streets of Peking and Sian .
another thing which makes nanking look less cluttered is the absence of the horse- and donkey-drawn [cars] which one saw all over the place in north china , including the main streets of peking and sian .

e.g. 3 = manufacture of metal goods , engineering and vehicles
e.g. 3 = manufacture of metal goods , engineering and [cars]

Until 1987 , the index used 11 major groups : food , alcoholic drink , tobacco , housing , fuel and light , durable household goods , clothing and footwear , transport and vehicles , miscellaneous goods , services , and meals consumed outside the home .
until 1987 , the index used 11 major groups : food , alcoholic drink , tobacco , housing , fuel and light , durable household goods , clothing and footwear , transport and [cars] , miscellaneous goods , services , and meals consumed outside the home .

He also noted how people dressed and admired the motor vehicles that belched out fumes but did n't drop shit as they travelled down the middle of the road .
he also noted how people dressed and admired the motor [cars] that belched out fumes but did n't drop shit as they travelled down the middle of the road .

For three days out going traffic was deserted by Devon Square and vehicles heading into the town from Penn Inn were filtered into a one lane of the dual carriageway and diverted along Station Road and Lower Queen Street
for three days out going traffic was deserted by devon square and [cars] heading into the town from penn inn were filtered into a one lane of the dual carriageway and diverted along station road and lower queen street

The new Russian rich , whose favoured vehicles for tackling Moscow 's potholed boulevards also include Lincoln Continentals , 7-series BMWs and even the occasional Land Rover , like to play hard as well as work hard .
the new russian rich , whose favoured [cars] for tackling moscow 's potholed boulevards also include lincoln continentals , 7-series bmws and even the occasional land rover , like to play hard as well as work hard .

Vehicles entering Llandudno are being checked and some , including vans whose occupants appear suspicious , are being turned away .
[cars] entering llandudno are being checked and some , including vans whose occupants appear suspicious , are being turned away .

The last count by Cheshire County Council showed that the road through the village carried 28,000 vehicles a day .
the last count by cheshire county council showed that the road through the village carried 28,000 [cars] a day .

Four tons of baby milk supplied by Cow and Gate were last night being loaded on board a replacement truck loaned by Transmore Van Hire , Stockton , after one of Convoy Aid Romania 's two vehicles developed mechanical problems .
four tons of baby milk supplied by cow and gate were last night being loaded on board a replacement truck loaned by transmore van hire , stockton , after one of convoy aid romania 's two [cars] developed mechanical problems .

Mr Stewart said : ‘ The roles of the conspirators can be divided into two types , those who actually stole vehicles to order , and those who played the main role of changing vehicles ’ identities . ’
mr stewart said : ‘ the roles of the conspirators can be divided into two types , those who actually stole [cars] to order , and those who played the main role of changing [cars] ’ identities . ’

Car parks can accommodate 2,500 vehicles while streets account for the rest .
car parks can accommodate 2,500 [cars] while streets account for the rest .

Only owners of vehicles vital to the war effort are able to obtain new tyres .
only owners of [cars] vital to the war effort are able to obtain new tyres .

L/Cpl Edwards was driving a Warrior armoured personnel carrier , one of two British army vehicles escorting an ambulance taking casualties to Split on January 13 .
l/cpl edwards was driving a warrior armoured personnel carrier , one of two british army [cars] escorting an ambulance taking casualties to split on january 13 .

He was driving a Warrior armoured personnel carrier , one of two vehicles escorting a civilian ambulance taking casualties to the coastal resort of Split on January 13 .
he was driving a warrior armoured personnel carrier , one of two [cars] escorting a civilian ambulance taking casualties to the coastal resort of split on january 13 .

He was driving a Warrior armoured personnel carrier , one of two vehicles escorting a civilian ambulance taking casualties to the coastal resort of Split on January 13 , when the sniper opened fire .
he was driving a warrior armoured personnel carrier , one of two [cars] escorting a civilian ambulance taking casualties to the coastal resort of split on january 13 , when the sniper opened fire .

Cleveland fire service has taken delivery of two all-terrain Pinzgauers vehicles which can climb embankments , drive smoothly over the roughest of ground and keep going in water .
cleveland fire service has taken delivery of two all-terrain pinzgauers [cars] which can climb embankments , drive smoothly over the roughest of ground and keep going in water .

One of the six-wheel drive vehicles will be based at Grangetown , the other at Coulby Newham .
one of the six-wheel drive [cars] will be based at grangetown , the other at coulby newham .

Catherine Moore , 19 , was trapped in a Ford Cortina car after it crashed into parked vehicles in east Middlesbrough on Sunday afternoon .
catherine moore , 19 , was trapped in a ford cortina car after it crashed into parked [cars] in east middlesbrough on sunday afternoon .

Regional crime squad officers videotaped the group at work and estimate vehicles worth around £500,000 were involved , Teesside Crown Court heard yesterday .
regional crime squad officers videotaped the group at work and estimate [cars] worth around £500,000 were involved , teesside crown court heard yesterday .

The stolen vehicles were driven to rented garages at Burn Road , Hartlepool , where they were stripped of identifying marks and given the write-off 's markings a process called ringing .
the stolen [cars] were driven to rented garages at burn road , hartlepool , where they were stripped of identifying marks and given the write-off 's markings a process called ringing .

‘ The vehicles are not inherently unsafe , it 's how they are driven that is the key . ’
‘ the [cars] are not inherently unsafe , it 's how they are driven that is the key . ’

And with six vehicles the Daniels have plenty off choice in how to travel : the most luxurious are a Bentley tourer and a super Ferrari .
and with six [cars] the daniels have plenty off choice in how to travel : the most luxurious are a bentley tourer and a super ferrari .

He was annoyed by the Transport 200 argument , saying a rail link would not remove the need for a bypass which would be used by 14,000 vehicles a day .
he was annoyed by the transport 200 argument , saying a rail link would not remove the need for a bypass which would be used by 14,000 [cars] a day .

It says its traffic surveys show the road can take extra vehicles and that the site would be tastefully landscaped .
it says its traffic surveys show the road can take extra [cars] and that the site would be tastefully landscaped .

They also say heavy vehicles are arriving from 5.30am , causing fumes , pollution and noise .
they also say heavy [cars] are arriving from 5.30am , causing fumes , pollution and noise .

But they were glad of the tyres on one stretch where four-wheeled vehicles had left tracks unconducive to their three wheels , leaving them travelling ‘ broadside but in control , ’ he insisted .
but they were glad of the tyres on one stretch where four-wheeled [cars] had left tracks unconducive to their three wheels , leaving them travelling ‘ broadside but in control , ’ he insisted .

‘ We are now restricted to using private vehicles , ’ said club president Mike Meynell .
‘ we are now restricted to using private [cars] , ’ said club president mike meynell .

Four Warrior armoured vehicles spent the night guarding the convoy and 12 more joined it today to help negotiate its safe progress through Croatian-held territory .
four warrior armoured [cars] spent the night guarding the convoy and 12 more joined it today to help negotiate its safe progress through croatian-held territory .

Brothers sold ‘ clocked ’ vehicles
brothers sold ‘ clocked ’ [cars]

It was decided to press ahead with Saturday 's show despite access to the main field being badly cut up by exhibitors ' vehicles having to be tractor- towed into position .
it was decided to press ahead with saturday 's show despite access to the main field being badly cut up by exhibitors ' [cars] having to be tractor- towed into position .

Each year , 700 vehicles smash into bridges .
each year , 700 [cars] smash into bridges .

Altogether six vehicles were involved and police say some motorists may have been driving to close .
altogether six [cars] were involved and police say some motorists may have been driving to close .

Drivers whose vehicles give off more poisonous chemicals than are allowed have ten days to clean up their act .
drivers whose [cars] give off more poisonous chemicals than are allowed have ten days to clean up their act .

The company is the largest builder of motorcaravans in Britain , producing a thousand vehicles a year at its Cotswold factory .
the company is the largest builder of motorcaravans in britain , producing a thousand [cars] a year at its cotswold factory .

Vehicles are allowed along a 45 mile stretch called the Wessex Ridgeway .
[cars] are allowed along a 45 mile stretch called the wessex ridgeway .

Today 's public inquiry is examining proposals from the Department of Transport and the Countryside Commission to actually make it illegal , to ban vehicles from the Ridgeway on Sundays and bank holidays .
today 's public inquiry is examining proposals from the department of transport and the countryside commission to actually make it illegal , to ban [cars] from the ridgeway on sundays and bank holidays .

These vehicles were seized after more than 50 police officers swooped on a farm buildings in a village north of Milton Keynes .
these [cars] were seized after more than 50 police officers swooped on a farm buildings in a village north of milton keynes .

Inside many of the vehicles there 's evidence of the original theft , here a broken steering wheel lock .
inside many of the [cars] there 's evidence of the original theft , here a broken steering wheel lock .

There are also parts here belonging to about thirty other vehicles , the lot totalling around a £100,000 .
there are also parts here belonging to about thirty other [cars] , the lot totalling around a £100,000 .

These vehicles were seized after more than 50 police officers swooped on a farm buildings in a village north of Milton Keynes .
these [cars] were seized after more than 50 police officers swooped on a farm buildings in a village north of milton keynes .

Inside many of the vehicles there 's evidence of the original theft , here a broken steering wheel lock .
inside many of the [cars] there 's evidence of the original theft , here a broken steering wheel lock .

There are also parts here belonging to about 30 other vehicles , the lot totalling around a £100,000 .
there are also parts here belonging to about 30 other [cars] , the lot totalling around a £100,000 .

It started as a minor incident involving a petrol tanker , but then other vehicles travelling too fast for the foggy conditions found they counld n't stop in time and crashed as well .
it started as a minor incident involving a petrol tanker , but then other [cars] travelling too fast for the foggy conditions found they counld n't stop in time and crashed as well .

Until now , British forces have escorted United Nation 's vehicles .
until now , british forces have escorted united nation 's [cars] .

‘ Also , the high winds make it more dangerous when passing high-sided vehicles .
‘ also , the high winds make it more dangerous when passing high-sided [cars] .

The bikers say its time to exclude many vehicles altogether .
the bikers say its time to exclude many [cars] altogether .

The bikers say its time to exclude many vehicles altogether .
the bikers say its time to exclude many [cars] altogether .

There are also several vehicles cut up by acetylene equipment and dumped in a pond .
there are also several [cars] cut up by acetylene equipment and dumped in a pond .

By 1995 the Japanese plan to make fifty thousand vehicles a year in this country .
by 1995 the japanese plan to make fifty thousand [cars] a year in this country .

It assumed that 27 vehicles had been involved , closing both carriageways .
it assumed that 27 [cars] had been involved , closing both carriageways .

At one point the driver overtook a line of vehicles on the hard shoulder while travelling at around a hundred and thirty miles an hour .
at one point the driver overtook a line of [cars] on the hard shoulder while travelling at around a hundred and thirty miles an hour .

Hare-coursers mowed down this fence , cutting the wire so that four wheel drive vehicles can get across the countryside .
hare-coursers mowed down this fence , cutting the wire so that four wheel drive [cars] can get across the countryside .

Both city 's having much to gain from a 2-thirds cut in the amount of exhaust emissions compared to conventional petrol or diesel driven vehicles .
both city 's having much to gain from a 2-thirds cut in the amount of exhaust emissions compared to conventional petrol or diesel driven [cars] .

The operators say there is provison in law for the government to make grants to companies so they can buy more environmentally friendly vehicles .
the operators say there is provison in law for the government to make grants to companies so they can buy more environmentally friendly [cars] .

The proposals , if adopted , would mean it 'll be a criminal offence to camp anywhere without the land owner 's permission … and would give local councils the right to tow away and seize any illegally parked vehicles .
the proposals , if adopted , would mean it 'll be a criminal offence to camp anywhere without the land owner 's permission … and would give local councils the right to tow away and seize any illegally parked [cars] .

‘ It would give a better idea of the effectiveness of co-operation if the public had a chance to look at the frequency with which bombs are transported into Northern Ireland in vehicles stolen in the Republic .
‘ it would give a better idea of the effectiveness of co-operation if the public had a chance to look at the frequency with which bombs are transported into northern ireland in [cars] stolen in the republic .

Seven killed as crash vehicles hit Post Office
seven killed as crash [cars] hit post office

The aircrafts and space vehicles featured in the programme are expected to be in big demand along with the Captain Scarlet costume .
the aircrafts and space [cars] featured in the programme are expected to be in big demand along with the captain scarlet costume .

As far as possible , the trained staff on our non-emergency vehicles are reserved for high-dependency patients , travelling on wheelchairs , or even stretchers , or who require significant assistance on or off the vehicle .
as far as possible , the trained staff on our non-emergency [cars] are reserved for high-dependency patients , travelling on wheelchairs , or even stretchers , or who require significant assistance on or off the vehicle .

Procedures for examining vehicles are being reviewed around the sprawling Stormont grounds .
procedures for examining [cars] are being reviewed around the sprawling stormont grounds .

Greater examination of vehicles entering the complex is now expected to be introduced , and additional security staff may be deployed .
greater examination of [cars] entering the complex is now expected to be introduced , and additional security staff may be deployed .

Despite vehicles themselves being made safer , Peter Joslin says drivers are still travelling too fast and too close to the person in front .
despite [cars] themselves being made safer , peter joslin says drivers are still travelling too fast and too close to the person in front .

All of these vehicles are travelling too close to the vehicle in front .
all of these [cars] are travelling too close to the vehicle in front .

In that time they have built up a force of one hundred and fifty vehicles and three hundred and forty staff .
in that time they have built up a force of one hundred and fifty [cars] and three hundred and forty staff .

She says they 're in soft skinnned vehicles and any shooting they encounter is dangerous but so far there 've been no injuries .
she says they 're in soft skinnned [cars] and any shooting they encounter is dangerous but so far there 've been no injuries .

Whatever decision the government takes on the East-west route , the amount of traffic on the roads will continue to grow — and despite the problems of freight , the vast majority of vehicles on the roads — over 80% — are private cars .
whatever decision the government takes on the east-west route , the amount of traffic on the roads will continue to grow — and despite the problems of freight , the vast majority of [cars] on the roads — over 80% — are private cars .

That 's why we 're looking at charging for motorways , bringing the cost of motor vehicles in line with that of other modes of transport .
that 's why we 're looking at charging for motorways , bringing the cost of motor [cars] in line with that of other modes of transport .

Elsewhere , vehicles were stranded in the middle of lakes of floodwater .
elsewhere , [cars] were stranded in the middle of lakes of floodwater .

But that would cost more and might damage emergency vehicles .
but that would cost more and might damage emergency [cars] .

The four roll-on , roll-off military ferries have specially strengthened vehicle decks and are designed to put tanks and other armoured vehicles ashore on beaches in remote areas where landing docks and slipways are not available .
the four roll-on , roll-off military ferries have specially strengthened vehicle decks and are designed to put tanks and other armoured [cars] ashore on beaches in remote areas where landing docks and slipways are not available .

er Well , the first thing to do , and as Carmen Hausclau says , there are far too many motor vehicles milling round the centre , is to make it more attractive to come into Oxford some other way .
er well , the first thing to do , and as carmen hausclau says , there are far too many motor [cars] milling round the centre , is to make it more attractive to come into oxford some other way .

Now the thing that seems to be the most interesting on the er face value of it , is er how it 's going to affect fuel consumption and transport , and he is saying that they 're considering whether further changes should be made in the taxation of er fuel and vehicles . Do you think that that is a hint that perhaps the high litre cars — that is the four litre efforts and er the company cars might get taxed at the next budget round ?
now the thing that seems to be the most interesting on the er face value of it , is er how it 's going to affect fuel consumption and transport , and he is saying that they 're considering whether further changes should be made in the taxation of er fuel and [cars] . do you think that that is a hint that perhaps the high litre cars — that is the four litre efforts and er the company cars might get taxed at the next budget round ?

The school 's head teacher , Diane Wilson says although they could have parked on the double yellow lines outside the ice rink , it would have been unfair to other vehicles as well as dangerous for the children .
the school 's head teacher , diane wilson says although they could have parked on the double yellow lines outside the ice rink , it would have been unfair to other [cars] as well as dangerous for the children .

There 's two vehicles out there , and out of fourteen wheels , they 've had ten each slashed .
there 's two [cars] out there , and out of fourteen wheels , they 've had ten each slashed .

Diplomats have offered the British drivers accommodation away from the border town of Irun , but they 've all opted so far , to stay with their vehicles .
diplomats have offered the british drivers accommodation away from the border town of irun , but they 've all opted so far , to stay with their [cars] .

First of all that the Plan Two policy there is for vehicles over five years , sixty thousand miles .
first of all that the plan two policy there is for [cars] over five years , sixty thousand miles .

When you get to vehicles over and above that , we run into problems where people that have
when you get to [cars] over and above that , we run into problems where people that have

We only deal through the trade by virtue of the fact that the vehicles are then covered under the Sale of Goods Act .
we only deal through the trade by virtue of the fact that the [cars] are then covered under the sale of goods act .

Clashes with the army escalated rapidly ; curfew orders were defied as stone throwers confronted army vehicles and pelted low flying helicopters with rocks ; parts of Gaza blackened by burning protest tyres , were out of control .
clashes with the army escalated rapidly ; curfew orders were defied as stone throwers confronted army [cars] and pelted low flying helicopters with rocks ; parts of gaza blackened by burning protest tyres , were out of control .

Survivors thought their vehicles had been stopped for a security check ; the shock of what they 'd seen sent this young Palestinian into deep trauma .
survivors thought their [cars] had been stopped for a security check ; the shock of what they 'd seen sent this young palestinian into deep trauma .

As the death toll rose from yesterday 's police shooting , there were renewed clashes in Welkom 's tense black township ; youths burned and stoned vehicles , police responded with shotgun fire .
as the death toll rose from yesterday 's police shooting , there were renewed clashes in welkom 's tense black township ; youths burned and stoned [cars] , police responded with shotgun fire .

Just hold in third gear in anticipation of an overtake on the vehicles in front .
just hold in third gear in anticipation of an overtake on the [cars] in front .

Waiting for the hatchings to finish , checking the mirror , the vehicles are some way behind now .
waiting for the hatchings to finish , checking the mirror , the [cars] are some way behind now .

Today 's sophisticated motor vehicles need special handling , otherwise they can , and do , run away with their drivers .
today 's sophisticated motor [cars] need special handling , otherwise they can , and do , run away with their drivers .

When you put those eleven thousand vehicles with the fourteen thousand or so vehicles that travel the roads around this course every day , that is a difficult problem .
when you put those eleven thousand [cars] with the fourteen thousand or so [cars] that travel the roads around this course every day , that is a difficult problem .

The Group says , production , home sales and exports have all been outstanding for Austin Rover and Landrover vehicles .
the group says , production , home sales and exports have all been outstanding for austin rover and landrover [cars] .

It is thought that the old style ambulances are becoming indistinguishable from many normal commercial vehicles and that something more eyecatching was needed .
it is thought that the old style ambulances are becoming indistinguishable from many normal commercial [cars] and that something more eyecatching was needed .

The first sailing from the port after midnight on the New Year was taken as the official start of the Single Market ; the first piece of freight on board was actually an unidentified light van and trailer — the driver no doubt blissfully unaware that he had made history — which , along with several vehicles turning round from the inbound convoy , sneaked back on board the 01.00 return sailing of the Pride of Kent while the official welcoming party was still in progress at the other end of the port .
the first sailing from the port after midnight on the new year was taken as the official start of the single market ; the first piece of freight on board was actually an unidentified light van and trailer — the driver no doubt blissfully unaware that he had made history — which , along with several [cars] turning round from the inbound convoy , sneaked back on board the 01.00 return sailing of the pride of kent while the official welcoming party was still in progress at the other end of the port .

The ‘ no-paperwork ’ aspects of the single market could in fact have been enjoyed by vehicles on the previous 23.59 sailing from Dover , which was scheduled to arrive in France after midnight .
the ‘ no-paperwork ’ aspects of the single market could in fact have been enjoyed by [cars] on the previous 23.59 sailing from dover , which was scheduled to arrive in france after midnight .

Congestion metering only ‘ trips in ’ when vehicles are physically unable to act other than following the behaviour of the queue itself .
congestion metering only ‘ trips in ’ when [cars] are physically unable to act other than following the behaviour of the queue itself .

In 1985 , 150,000 vehicles a day entered the city centre and , of these , 53,000 were passing to destinations beyond .
in 1985 , 150,000 [cars] a day entered the city centre and , of these , 53,000 were passing to destinations beyond .

Merseyside in Liverpool has faced competition from one large and several medium-sized operators including fleets of new as well as second-hand vehicles .
merseyside in liverpool has faced competition from one large and several medium-sized operators including fleets of new as well as second-hand [cars] .

It would seem to be middle sized undertaking , since the very large business will employ personnel managers and legal experts who need no introduction to the subject , while the smaller operator ( the book quotes the average number of goods vehicles per operator 's licence as no more than three trucks ) is normally too concerned with driving by the seat of his pants while looking over his shoulder at legal requirements ( one may envisage ! )
it would seem to be middle sized undertaking , since the very large business will employ personnel managers and legal experts who need no introduction to the subject , while the smaller operator ( the book quotes the average number of goods [cars] per operator 's licence as no more than three trucks ) is normally too concerned with driving by the seat of his pants while looking over his shoulder at legal requirements ( one may envisage ! )

However , as a study into a hitherto relatively unexplored area of commercial activity it is highly recommended to those involved in the sale of goods vehicles , in international — and domestic ( as restrictions on cabotage are removed ! )
however , as a study into a hitherto relatively unexplored area of commercial activity it is highly recommended to those involved in the sale of goods [cars] , in international — and domestic ( as restrictions on cabotage are removed ! )

There are tables and anecdotes to satisfy the enthusiast ( the list of vehicles may be seen by some as excessive ) and also lessons for the contemporary practitioner .
there are tables and anecdotes to satisfy the enthusiast ( the list of [cars] may be seen by some as excessive ) and also lessons for the contemporary practitioner .

Cellphones are now commonplace enabling managers to keep in touch with the vehicles out on the road .
cellphones are now commonplace enabling managers to keep in touch with the [cars] out on the road .

However , Cellphones are not the only solution to maintaining contact with moving vehicles .
however , cellphones are not the only solution to maintaining contact with moving [cars] .

Fleetrak automatically collects data on the locations and status of vehicles and loads as well as providing exception reports and historical analysis of fleet operations .
fleetrak automatically collects data on the locations and status of [cars] and loads as well as providing exception reports and historical analysis of fleet operations .

the story starts with a comprehensive review of the various types of horse drawn transport with some good photographs of the brewery area and London delivery areas — even in the early 1900 's experiments were taking place on the transport of beer in bulk using horse and carts for delivery vehicles .
the story starts with a comprehensive review of the various types of horse drawn transport with some good photographs of the brewery area and london delivery areas — even in the early 1900 's experiments were taking place on the transport of beer in bulk using horse and carts for delivery [cars] .

The steam traction engine is not forgotten and many interesting photographs of vehicles used by associated companies during this time are included .
the steam traction engine is not forgotten and many interesting photographs of [cars] used by associated companies during this time are included .

The next development was the use of limited motorised vehicles powered by the international combustion engine or electrically driven .
the next development was the use of limited motorised [cars] powered by the international combustion engine or electrically driven .

It is interesting to note that electric vehicles built in 1920 were still in use in the 1950s .
it is interesting to note that electric [cars] built in 1920 were still in use in the 1950s .

The history unfolds with the full scale introduction of motor vehicles following the First World War and the gradual take over of all delivery services .
the history unfolds with the full scale introduction of motor [cars] following the first world war and the gradual take over of all delivery services .

The late 1950s to the 1970s saw a very interesting and rewarding period of development in the carriage of beer and is amply recorded in the book , covering not only the Whitbread vehicles , but also many examples of vehicles operated by other companies within the Group .
the late 1950s to the 1970s saw a very interesting and rewarding period of development in the carriage of beer and is amply recorded in the book , covering not only the whitbread [cars] , but also many examples of [cars] operated by other companies within the group .

The 45 Warrior armoured fighting vehicles to be used for convoy protection by the Cheshires are due to arrive in Bosnia any day now .
the 45 warrior armoured fighting [cars] to be used for convoy protection by the cheshires are due to arrive in bosnia any day now .

The vehicles were then sold for cash with which Scott disappeared .
the [cars] were then sold for cash with which scott disappeared .

Apparently , Croatian fighters shoot across the front of vehicles they do not recognise to test if they are hostile .
apparently , croatian fighters shoot across the front of [cars] they do not recognise to test if they are hostile .

‘ It still means around 29,000 vehicles are being targeted by criminals and that is unacceptable . ’
‘ it still means around 29,000 [cars] are being targeted by criminals and that is unacceptable . ’

Stopping and searching vehicles at the roadside .
stopping and searching [cars] at the roadside .

Latest figures showed a 2.6% fall from 381,969 thefts of and from vehicles between April and June 1991 to 372,081 during the same period this year .
latest figures showed a 2.6% fall from 381,969 thefts of and from [cars] between april and june 1991 to 372,081 during the same period this year .

Surely it is time to call a halt to all vehicles on the pavement .
surely it is time to call a halt to all [cars] on the pavement .

Teenagers should use the road which is intended for all vehicles .
teenagers should use the road which is intended for all [cars] .

But instead , the company found itself unable to deliver the vehicles and claimed it was caught out by fluctuating exchange rates .
but instead , the company found itself unable to deliver the [cars] and claimed it was caught out by fluctuating exchange rates .

In 1991 , Motability provided more than 43,000 vehicles .
in 1991 , motability provided more than 43,000 [cars] .

Parking is a major problem , often because vehicles are parked too close to their vehicle .
parking is a major problem , often because [cars] are parked too close to their vehicle .

His other designs have included Parkright , a reversing aid for safe parking of vehicles , and Visitors ' Aid , an electronic device for locating staff at his former college .
his other designs have included parkright , a reversing aid for safe parking of [cars] , and visitors ' aid , an electronic device for locating staff at his former college .

As police and rangers made further spot checks at Wirral coastal slipways yesterday , there were signs that the clampdown has reduced the number of vehicles on the shore .
as police and rangers made further spot checks at wirral coastal slipways yesterday , there were signs that the clampdown has reduced the number of [cars] on the shore .

Cockling gangs have been turned away when they arrive without council permits to take vehicles on the shore , which is owned by the local authority .
cockling gangs have been turned away when they arrive without council permits to take [cars] on the shore , which is owned by the local authority .

The complaints included excessive speed and noise of all-terrain vehicles , disturbance to the estuary 's birdlife and the dumping of rotting debris attracting rats .
the complaints included excessive speed and noise of all-terrain [cars] , disturbance to the estuary 's birdlife and the dumping of rotting debris attracting rats .

‘ We feel the operation has been reasonably successful but the approval of by-laws to control the type , use and number of vehicles on the foreshore must be a long-term priority .
‘ we feel the operation has been reasonably successful but the approval of by-laws to control the type , use and number of [cars] on the foreshore must be a long-term priority .

Up until now it has been difficult to have the best of both worlds when it comes to running one of the more expensive 4x4 off-road vehicles .
up until now it has been difficult to have the best of both worlds when it comes to running one of the more expensive 4x4 off-road [cars] .

Prices of Vauxhall 's 1993 cars and light commercial vehicles will rise by an average of 3.25% from November 29 .
prices of vauxhall 's 1993 cars and light commercial [cars] will rise by an average of 3.25% from november 29 .

About 11 car dealers will have stands at the show , displaying a wide range of popular vehicles from Fords and Vauxhalls to Alfa Romeos and Mercedes .
about 11 car dealers will have stands at the show , displaying a wide range of popular [cars] from fords and vauxhalls to alfa romeos and mercedes .

The road was divided up into six cantonments , each with its own crews of pioneers and vast workshops to service the primitive vehicles .
the road was divided up into six cantonments , each with its own crews of pioneers and vast workshops to service the primitive [cars] .

But were there enough motor vehicles in the French Army to sustain the flow ?
but were there enough motor [cars] in the french army to sustain the flow ?

In 1914 there were only 170 vehicles in the whole army , and throughout the war the officer in charge of the French Service Corps never held a higher rank than lieutenant-colonel .
in 1914 there were only 170 [cars] in the whole army , and throughout the war the officer in charge of the french service corps never held a higher rank than lieutenant-colonel .

The antics of the vehicles with their solid , treadless tyres on the icy roads reminded an American observer of the irregular march of young elephants : ‘ Many of them slid over the edge , turning upside down , and others caught fire .
the antics of the [cars] with their solid , treadless tyres on the icy roads reminded an american observer of the irregular march of young elephants : ‘ many of them slid over the edge , turning upside down , and others caught fire .

Seen from a distance at night , the dimly lit vehicles resembled ‘ the folds of some gigantic and luminous serpent which never stopped and never ended ’ On either side of the road their headlamps lit up the bowed backs of the endless columns of marching men .
seen from a distance at night , the dimly lit [cars] resembled ‘ the folds of some gigantic and luminous serpent which never stopped and never ended ’ on either side of the road their headlamps lit up the bowed backs of the endless columns of marching men .

At its peak , in June , when 12,000 vehicles were employed , one passed along it every fourteen seconds , and it was estimated that the mileage accrued each week along its short fifty miles added up to twenty-five times the earth 's circumference .
at its peak , in june , when 12,000 [cars] were employed , one passed along it every fourteen seconds , and it was estimated that the mileage accrued each week along its short fifty miles added up to twenty-five times the earth 's circumference .

At the clearing stations the backlog of even the partially repaired mounted alarmingly as , with the constant demand of the Voie Sacrée supply route , all too few vehicles could be spared for use as ambulances .
at the clearing stations the backlog of even the partially repaired mounted alarmingly as , with the constant demand of the voie sacrée supply route , all too few [cars] could be spared for use as ambulances .

In the streets , vehicles clattered along on tyreless wheels , with the day not so far of– when even at the front the airforce would be forced to encase plane wheels in wooden clogs when being wheeled from the hangar , just to save precious rubber .
in the streets , [cars] clattered along on tyreless wheels , with the day not so far of– when even at the front the airforce would be forced to encase plane wheels in wooden clogs when being wheeled from the hangar , just to save precious rubber .

Even after the first attacks numerous destroyed , burning vehicles would have blocked the road .
even after the first attacks numerous destroyed , burning [cars] would have blocked the road .

Reduction of nitrogen oxides from cars will need more expensive vehicles — or mean less use .
reduction of nitrogen oxides from cars will need more expensive [cars] — or mean less use .

Ten of the British-built vehicles have been sold to the United Nations in a recession-busting deal worth over half a million pounds .
ten of the british-built [cars] have been sold to the united nations in a recession-busting deal worth over half a million pounds .

Central to the network is the manufacture of armoured vehicles made from composite materials by Ballistic and Performance Composites , part of Courtaulds Aerospace Advanced Materials Division .
central to the network is the manufacture of armoured [cars] made from composite materials by ballistic and performance composites , part of courtaulds aerospace advanced materials division .

Finished vehicles are then painted with products supplied by the Sealants , Adhesives and Coatings Division of Courtaulds Aerospace , at Shildon .
finished [cars] are then painted with products supplied by the sealants , adhesives and coatings division of courtaulds aerospace , at shildon .

When he started in 1971 the car fleet had only 11 cars , 20 years on there are 150 vehicles .
when he started in 1971 the car fleet had only 11 cars , 20 years on there are 150 [cars] .

Natural gas Vehicles The Way Ahead … Naturally
natural gas [cars] the way ahead … naturally

Backed by sophisticated research programmes throughout the world , endorsed by legislators seeking to meet clean air targets , and proven by more than 1 million drivers worldwide , natural gas vehicles [ NGVs ] are emerging as one of the most promising solutions to the problems of fleet managers .
backed by sophisticated research programmes throughout the world , endorsed by legislators seeking to meet clean air targets , and proven by more than 1 million drivers worldwide , natural gas [cars] [ ngvs ] are emerging as one of the most promising solutions to the problems of fleet managers .

In the Midlands a Vauxhall midi van and an electronic fuel injection transit have been converted to run on gas for testing and as demonstration vehicles .
in the midlands a vauxhall midi van and an electronic fuel injection transit have been converted to run on gas for testing and as demonstration [cars] .

The er road from Alston over to is blocked with snow and it 's passable from Alston over to Wear there only with four wheel drive vehicles .
the er road from alston over to is blocked with snow and it 's passable from alston over to wear there only with four wheel drive [cars] .

driving along , keep to the left except when road signals or markings indicate otherwise or when you intend to overtake , or turn right , or when you have to pass stationery vehicles or pedestrians in the road , allow others to overtake you if they want you , you must not drive on by the side of the road . Use your mirrors , on narrow or winding roads or where there is a lot of oncoming traffic , drivers of large or slow moving vehicles should be prepared to pull in and slow down to stop as soon as there is suitable opportunity , well , before you take off or turn left or turn right , or slow down or stop , use your mirrors , you should always look behind even if they 're none , a motor cycle should always look behind either , then give the appropriate signal if necessary , remember the routine
driving along , keep to the left except when road signals or markings indicate otherwise or when you intend to overtake , or turn right , or when you have to pass stationery [cars] or pedestrians in the road , allow others to overtake you if they want you , you must not drive on by the side of the road . use your mirrors , on narrow or winding roads or where there is a lot of oncoming traffic , drivers of large or slow moving [cars] should be prepared to pull in and slow down to stop as soon as there is suitable opportunity , well , before you take off or turn left or turn right , or slow down or stop , use your mirrors , you should always look behind even if they 're none , a motor cycle should always look behind either , then give the appropriate signal if necessary , remember the routine

always keep a special look out for cyclists particularly when overtaking or turning , bearing in mind that two wheels are much less easy to see than large vehicles .
always keep a special look out for cyclists particularly when overtaking or turning , bearing in mind that two wheels are much less easy to see than large [cars] .

Leave enough space between you and the vehicle in front so that you can pull up safely if it slows down or stops suddenly , the safe rule is never to get closer than the overall stopping distance shown below , but on the open road in good conditions leave a gap of one metre for each mile an hour of your speed or a two second time gap may be enough , they will also leave space for an overtaking vehicle pulling or wet or icy or the gap should be at least double that , drop back if you know that taking vehicle closing gap in front of you make way for ambulance , fire engines , police or van emergency vehicles when their blue lamps are flashing or their bells , two tone cones or sirens or .
leave enough space between you and the vehicle in front so that you can pull up safely if it slows down or stops suddenly , the safe rule is never to get closer than the overall stopping distance shown below , but on the open road in good conditions leave a gap of one metre for each mile an hour of your speed or a two second time gap may be enough , they will also leave space for an overtaking vehicle pulling or wet or icy or the gap should be at least double that , drop back if you know that taking vehicle closing gap in front of you make way for ambulance , fire engines , police or van emergency [cars] when their blue lamps are flashing or their bells , two tone cones or sirens or .

or telephone when vehicles moving except in emergencies , you should only stick your fix or clip on microphone where it will not distract your attention from road , do not stop on a hard shoul shoulder of a motorway to answer or make a call however urgent . Driving in fog ; when driving in fog check your
or telephone when [cars] moving except in emergencies , you should only stick your fix or clip on microphone where it will not distract your attention from road , do not stop on a hard shoul shoulder of a motorway to answer or make a call however urgent . driving in fog ; when driving in fog check your

pedestrians who are crossing the road in which you are turning when entering or emerging from property bordering on a road , give way to pedestrians as well as the traffic on the road , remember pavements are for people , not for motor cycles motor vehicles
pedestrians who are crossing the road in which you are turning when entering or emerging from property bordering on a road , give way to pedestrians as well as the traffic on the road , remember pavements are for people , not for motor cycles motor [cars]

be careful in the dusk , remember mirror , signal , manoeuvre once you start to overtake move quickly passed the vehicle you are overtaking , when overtake er , overtake only on the right except when the driver in the front has signalled that he intends to turn right , you can overtake him on the left , without getting in the way , when you want to turn left at a junction , when traffic is moving slowly in queues and be er , in a lane on the right and moving more slowly than you are , in one way streets , but not dual carriageways , maybe with a path on either side , when traffic is moving as described , do not increase your speed while being overtaken , slow down if necessary to let the overtaking vehicle pass . On the tail , lane road , give way to vehicles coming towards you you must not overtake if you would have to cross or straddle double white lines with a solid line on the out of you , erm if you 're within a zig zag area , the pelican crossing , after a normal overtaking sign until the end of the restriction , do not overtake when you can not see far enough ahead , for example , when coming through
be careful in the dusk , remember mirror , signal , manoeuvre once you start to overtake move quickly passed the vehicle you are overtaking , when overtake er , overtake only on the right except when the driver in the front has signalled that he intends to turn right , you can overtake him on the left , without getting in the way , when you want to turn left at a junction , when traffic is moving slowly in queues and be er , in a lane on the right and moving more slowly than you are , in one way streets , but not dual carriageways , maybe with a path on either side , when traffic is moving as described , do not increase your speed while being overtaken , slow down if necessary to let the overtaking vehicle pass . on the tail , lane road , give way to [cars] coming towards you you must not overtake if you would have to cross or straddle double white lines with a solid line on the out of you , erm if you 're within a zig zag area , the pelican crossing , after a normal overtaking sign until the end of the restriction , do not overtake when you can not see far enough ahead , for example , when coming through

When it is safe , give a right turn signal and as soon as you can do so take safely , take up position just left of the middle of the road or in the space marked by right turned vehicles , if you can leave room for other vehicles to pass on the left , wait until there is a safe gap between you and any oncoming vehicle , looking , look out of sight for motor cyclists and pedestrians , then make a turn , but do not cut the corner as people like pedestrians crossing the road in which you are turning .
when it is safe , give a right turn signal and as soon as you can do so take safely , take up position just left of the middle of the road or in the space marked by right turned [cars] , if you can leave room for other [cars] to pass on the left , wait until there is a safe gap between you and any oncoming vehicle , looking , look out of sight for motor cyclists and pedestrians , then make a turn , but do not cut the corner as people like pedestrians crossing the road in which you are turning .

you give priority to the vehicles on opposite side
you give priority to the [cars] on opposite side

no motor vehicles what 's the one with the car in ?
no motor [cars] what 's the one with the car in ?

no vehicles , cars
no [cars] , cars

And they are , they are very popular vehicles in Sri Lanka , and somebody 's about to set up a factory there to make the bulk of the parts
and they are , they are very popular [cars] in sri lanka , and somebody 's about to set up a factory there to make the bulk of the parts

Land vehicles could also benefit from satcom links .
land [cars] could also benefit from satcom links .

Different degrees of vibration of passing traffic may indicate if it is a small Fiat or a ten-ton lorry ; it will be a more normal situation than watching different-sized vehicles drifting silently by .
different degrees of vibration of passing traffic may indicate if it is a small fiat or a ten-ton lorry ; it will be a more normal situation than watching different-sized [cars] drifting silently by .

In recent years , due mainly to the vast market for model off-road vehicles , the price of these servos has tumbled , with a good quality servo now costing less than ten pounds .
in recent years , due mainly to the vast market for model off-road [cars] , the price of these servos has tumbled , with a good quality servo now costing less than ten pounds .

So the problem was to come up with the right kind of songs which would still act as vehicles for the guitar — because , basically , the song itself is the most important thing .
so the problem was to come up with the right kind of songs which would still act as [cars] for the guitar — because , basically , the song itself is the most important thing .

Communication with Hull was maintained by horse-drawn vehicles , daily local carriers taking anything and everything needed by the villagers .
communication with hull was maintained by horse-drawn [cars] , daily local carriers taking anything and everything needed by the villagers .

The traffic problem was solved in 1986 by the building of a bypass , thus keeping the heavy goods vehicles from the main street .
the traffic problem was solved in 1986 by the building of a bypass , thus keeping the heavy goods [cars] from the main street .

Thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( Swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( Erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( Liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( Silverman and Lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( Braithwaite and Geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( Swigert and Farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .
thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( silverman and lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( braithwaite and geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective [cars] because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( swigert and farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .

The horseless carriages of the first decade had made way for vehicles designed as motor cars in their own right .
the horseless carriages of the first decade had made way for [cars] designed as motor cars in their own right .

‘ All our vehicles carry our flag to show we are a charity , and gunmen to show we mean business , ’ he says with a wry smile .
‘ all our [cars] carry our flag to show we are a charity , and gunmen to show we mean business , ’ he says with a wry smile .

So far though it has not been a problem raising money for the sharp end of mountain rescue — for new ropes or new vehicles and the like .
so far though it has not been a problem raising money for the sharp end of mountain rescue — for new ropes or new [cars] and the like .

They suspect that many third-party accident claims have been made through branch offices of the firm for phantom vehicles that never existed .
they suspect that many third-party accident claims have been made through branch offices of the firm for phantom [cars] that never existed .

Only 373,804 vehicles were sold despite a massive £50million ad blitz by the industry .
only 373,804 [cars] were sold despite a massive £50million ad blitz by the industry .

If the fines ca n't be paid , vehicles will be impounded , Housing Minister Sir George Young said .
if the fines ca n't be paid , [cars] will be impounded , housing minister sir george young said .

More than 600,000 vehicles are stolen each year .
more than 600,000 [cars] are stolen each year .

Chased by police vehicles and a helicopter it rammed three cars as it careered down the wrong side of city centre roads .
chased by police [cars] and a helicopter it rammed three cars as it careered down the wrong side of city centre roads .

Vehicles spill out of the car park at Dovedale and their occupants crowd the Derbyshire peak District beauty spot ( right )
[cars] spill out of the car park at dovedale and their occupants crowd the derbyshire peak district beauty spot ( right )

Sadly , large numbers of badgers in urban areas die every year as a result of being knocked down by vehicles , swallowing pesticides and becoming trapped in out-buildings and starving to death .
sadly , large numbers of badgers in urban areas die every year as a result of being knocked down by [cars] , swallowing pesticides and becoming trapped in out-buildings and starving to death .

The road he was on , veering left , would lead eventually to the station but was , he knew , seldom used since normal traffic and all heavy vehicles used the new access road to the north .
the road he was on , veering left , would lead eventually to the station but was , he knew , seldom used since normal traffic and all heavy [cars] used the new access road to the north .

The charges made will vary with different brigades , and will depend on the number of vehicles and fire fighters attending the incident , and the number of hours spent on the job .
the charges made will vary with different brigades , and will depend on the number of [cars] and fire fighters attending the incident , and the number of hours spent on the job .

Stationary vehicles may cause considerable nuisance , through having doors slammed , sound-systems overamplified or starter-motors repeatedly engaged , especially when this happens late at night or early in the morning .
stationary [cars] may cause considerable nuisance , through having doors slammed , sound-systems overamplified or starter-motors repeatedly engaged , especially when this happens late at night or early in the morning .

Much litter is related to vehicles too , whether thrown from them in passing or resulting from their roadside cleansing or repair .
much litter is related to [cars] too , whether thrown from them in passing or resulting from their roadside cleansing or repair .

To take two examples , in Groningen half the number of pedestrian accidents to those under 13 occur in streets with less than 200–350 motor vehicles per hour .
to take two examples , in groningen half the number of pedestrian accidents to those under 13 occur in streets with less than 200–350 motor [cars] per hour .

As children are those that are most at risk from impact by vehicles in housing areas , any search for safer streets should focus principally on them ( Figure 2.5 ) .
as children are those that are most at risk from impact by [cars] in housing areas , any search for safer streets should focus principally on them ( figure 2.5 ) .

The engineering approach not only includes the road system designs that are debated in this book , but also incorporates attempts to modify the vehicles .
the engineering approach not only includes the road system designs that are debated in this book , but also incorporates attempts to modify the [cars] .

The segregation of people and vehicles , what is more , has led to new and unforeseen problems , such as the fear that cars are more easily stolen or vandalised when they are out of sight or that segregated pedestrian areas make identification of strangers more difficult and facilitate unobserved escape from the scene of criminal activity .
the segregation of people and [cars] , what is more , has led to new and unforeseen problems , such as the fear that cars are more easily stolen or vandalised when they are out of sight or that segregated pedestrian areas make identification of strangers more difficult and facilitate unobserved escape from the scene of criminal activity .

Where through traffic can be diverted from ‘ environmental areas ’ to distributor roads already so busy that the additional vehicles go unnoticed , this approach can clearly produce net benefits .
where through traffic can be diverted from ‘ environmental areas ’ to distributor roads already so busy that the additional [cars] go unnoticed , this approach can clearly produce net benefits .

… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor routes ;
… reducing the number of [cars] passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor routes ;

… reducing drastically the speeds of vehicles in residential areas both by means of traffic regulations and by appropriate changes in road design ;
… reducing drastically the speeds of [cars] in residential areas both by means of traffic regulations and by appropriate changes in road design ;

By law , in a Woonerf vehicles are restricted to ‘ walking pace ’ and compliance is encouraged by abolishing continuous kerbs and pavements , creating a space that is as much used by children as by cars ( Figure 4.2 ) .
by law , in a woonerf [cars] are restricted to ‘ walking pace ’ and compliance is encouraged by abolishing continuous kerbs and pavements , creating a space that is as much used by children as by cars ( figure 4.2 ) .

Part of the problem is that making corners with radii suitable for service vehicles such as fire engines also makes them wide enough for cars to travel through quickly ( Figure 4.8 ) .
part of the problem is that making corners with radii suitable for service [cars] such as fire engines also makes them wide enough for cars to travel through quickly ( figure 4.8 ) .

Although per-capita car-ownership levels may be low , the residential densities in inner-city districts may be such as to yield high absolute numbers of cars , with consequent flooding of narrow streets with parked vehicles .
although per-capita car-ownership levels may be low , the residential densities in inner-city districts may be such as to yield high absolute numbers of cars , with consequent flooding of narrow streets with parked [cars] .

In the Netherlands , the general problem of residential habitats despoiled and endangered by speeding traffic and parked vehicles is well known , as are the general solutions of preventing through traffic , reducing traffic speeds and controlling parking .
in the netherlands , the general problem of residential habitats despoiled and endangered by speeding traffic and parked [cars] is well known , as are the general solutions of preventing through traffic , reducing traffic speeds and controlling parking .

It is often the case that this is not offset by the relatively small environmental loss experienced along the already very busy distributor road by a relatively small number of people as a result of the addition of a relatively small number of vehicles .
it is often the case that this is not offset by the relatively small environmental loss experienced along the already very busy distributor road by a relatively small number of people as a result of the addition of a relatively small number of [cars] .

General advice on making squares was offered with stress on making the limits and form of a square clear , making the traffic conform to decorative town planning and cutting down the space dedicated to vehicles in favour of giving additional tracks or spaces for other purposes , even if these sometimes have to be driven over .
general advice on making squares was offered with stress on making the limits and form of a square clear , making the traffic conform to decorative town planning and cutting down the space dedicated to [cars] in favour of giving additional tracks or spaces for other purposes , even if these sometimes have to be driven over .

The ‘ walking/running speed ’ at which vehicles must travel is variously interpreted as up to 20 km/h , but evidence from early shared-space streets showed that this is exceeded by 85 per cent of the vehicles .
the ‘ walking/running speed ’ at which [cars] must travel is variously interpreted as up to 20 km/h , but evidence from early shared-space streets showed that this is exceeded by 85 per cent of the [cars] .

As Figure 5.7 shows , parked vehicles leave inadequate space for two cars to pass ; observed driver reaction was to treat this ‘ narrowed ’ section as a one-way street , down which they drove at well over 30 km/h , despite the potential hazard of crossing pedestrians hidden behind the parked vehicles .
as figure 5.7 shows , parked [cars] leave inadequate space for two cars to pass ; observed driver reaction was to treat this ‘ narrowed ’ section as a one-way street , down which they drove at well over 30 km/h , despite the potential hazard of crossing pedestrians hidden behind the parked [cars] .

In many ways the most interesting developments lie between these , particularly where 30 km/h zones have been equipped with speed-reducing infrastructure yet have retained some of the characteristics of separate rights of way for vehicles and pedestrians .
in many ways the most interesting developments lie between these , particularly where 30 km/h zones have been equipped with speed-reducing infrastructure yet have retained some of the characteristics of separate rights of way for [cars] and pedestrians .

Stops were to be made friendlier to the passenger and facilities for bike-and-ride , park-and-ride and the carriage of bikes on public transport vehicles encouraged .
stops were to be made friendlier to the passenger and facilities for bike-and-ride , park-and-ride and the carriage of bikes on public transport [cars] encouraged .

Previously , this 7.5m-wide road acted as a western bypass carrying some 6,500 vehicles per day .
previously , this 7.5m-wide road acted as a western bypass carrying some 6,500 [cars] per day .

Use has thus evolved on a pragmatic basis : casual observation by the author showed that vehicles rarely crossed the junction at more than 15 km/h ; that they gave way to walkers and cyclists in nearly every case ( Figure 6.15 ) and indeed that some pedestrians failed even to bother to look for traffic before crossing .
use has thus evolved on a pragmatic basis : casual observation by the author showed that [cars] rarely crossed the junction at more than 15 km/h ; that they gave way to walkers and cyclists in nearly every case ( figure 6.15 ) and indeed that some pedestrians failed even to bother to look for traffic before crossing .

Despite the fact that most space is given over to circulation and parking , with special provision made for particular needs ( Figure 6.45 ) , the area is still overwhelmed by the sheer volume of parked vehicles .
despite the fact that most space is given over to circulation and parking , with special provision made for particular needs ( figure 6.45 ) , the area is still overwhelmed by the sheer volume of parked [cars] .

The device chosen was a carefully designed , small , speed table surfaced with distinctive flat cobbles , with gaps on each side that would allow buses and large trucks to pass without generating noise for residents , discomfort for passengers , or damage to the road surface as a result of impact by heavy vehicles .
the device chosen was a carefully designed , small , speed table surfaced with distinctive flat cobbles , with gaps on each side that would allow buses and large trucks to pass without generating noise for residents , discomfort for passengers , or damage to the road surface as a result of impact by heavy [cars] .

penetration of the area by larger service vehicles becomes very difficult .
penetration of the area by larger service [cars] becomes very difficult .

The measures are designed to deter non-essential traffic and to encourage drivers of essential vehicles to proceed slowly and considerately , not to obstruct and frustrate them .
the measures are designed to deter non-essential traffic and to encourage drivers of essential [cars] to proceed slowly and considerately , not to obstruct and frustrate them .

In ‘ rest and play ’ streets in Moabit , where driving should be at ' walking/running pace ' ( 7–20 km/h ) , the average speed of unhindered vehicles was reduced from 39 to 20 km/h .
in ‘ rest and play ’ streets in moabit , where driving should be at ' walking/running pace ' ( 7–20 km/h ) , the average speed of unhindered [cars] was reduced from 39 to 20 km/h .

Drab vistas of bare streets lined with parked vehicles have been replaced by attractive and surprising views , differentiated by greenery , alternative parking arrangements and varied paving materials .
drab vistas of bare streets lined with parked [cars] have been replaced by attractive and surprising views , differentiated by greenery , alternative parking arrangements and varied paving materials .

They were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their vehicles ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose function is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , lest drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new regulation on car speeds .
they were , first , practical measures such as speed humps to make drivers aware of their speed and thus slow their [cars] ; second , a designed environment that conveys to the driver the fact that the area is one whose function is principally for living not travelling , with a consequent imparted feeling that awareness of soft traffic is imperative ; third , a legal change in priority , so that all occupants of the street space are equal ; and fourth , lest drivers are encouraged to view the new street layout as a challenge to driving skill rather than an encouragement of self-restraint and caution , a new regulation on car speeds .

Slowing vehicles by physical measures such as humps
slowing [cars] by physical measures such as humps

They are extremely vulnerable to impact by vehicles , although they will trade off this risk against increased journey length : it is not unusual to see people clambering over or through barriers designed to force them to cross roads away from junctions .
they are extremely vulnerable to impact by [cars] , although they will trade off this risk against increased journey length : it is not unusual to see people clambering over or through barriers designed to force them to cross roads away from junctions .

As Hitchcock and Mitchell put it : ‘ The principle that pedestrian paths should be straight , level , smooth and free from obstruction is easily stated , as is the one that mechanical vehicles can more easily travel further or change level to achieve vehicle/pedestrian segregation .
as hitchcock and mitchell put it : ‘ the principle that pedestrian paths should be straight , level , smooth and free from obstruction is easily stated , as is the one that mechanical [cars] can more easily travel further or change level to achieve vehicle/pedestrian segregation .

Much footway damage is natural deterioration of course , but it has been estimated that overriding by vehicles is implicated in over half of the cases where planned maintenance work is carried out .
much footway damage is natural deterioration of course , but it has been estimated that overriding by [cars] is implicated in over half of the cases where planned maintenance work is carried out .

free from conflict with vehicles … and the unpleasant side-effects of traffic
free from conflict with [cars] … and the unpleasant side-effects of traffic

Such facilities as these will be of great help where vehicles and walkers conflict .
such facilities as these will be of great help where [cars] and walkers conflict .

However , segregation of walkers from vehicles provides the greatest safety along routes where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an appropriate solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .
however , segregation of walkers from [cars] provides the greatest safety along routes where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an appropriate solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .

Width must be adequate for the flow and where foot traffic is heavy , conflict should be resolved by vehicles being deflected over or under the level walking route .
width must be adequate for the flow and where foot traffic is heavy , conflict should be resolved by [cars] being deflected over or under the level walking route .

Circulation space for vehicles should be reduced in favour of pedestrians and cyclists , with public transport benefiting from this and other favourable measures .
circulation space for [cars] should be reduced in favour of pedestrians and cyclists , with public transport benefiting from this and other favourable measures .

Everything about the construction and maintenance of such routes should be pro-cycle , so that they retain smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from vehicles ( Figure 9.2 ) .
everything about the construction and maintenance of such routes should be pro-cycle , so that they retain smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from [cars] ( figure 9.2 ) .

Alternatively , public transport vehicles could carry accompanied cycles , as they frequently do in Switzerland .
alternatively , public transport [cars] could carry accompanied cycles , as they frequently do in switzerland .

The vehicle was parked on a yellow line and so close to the Market Street junction that vehicles emerging from that road had to swing out onto the wrong side of the High Street .
the vehicle was parked on a yellow line and so close to the market street junction that [cars] emerging from that road had to swing out onto the wrong side of the high street .

These off-road vans are equipped as ‘ garages on wheels ’ to reach and repair broken down vehicles , enabling anti-poaching patrols to stay mobile .
these off-road vans are equipped as ‘ garages on wheels ’ to reach and repair broken down [cars] , enabling anti-poaching patrols to stay mobile .

The file of other passengers followed him across the iron-hard snow , to where a queue of strange vehicles waited for them , engines ticking over .
the file of other passengers followed him across the iron-hard snow , to where a queue of strange [cars] waited for them , engines ticking over .

Two vehicles back the black limo was in sight .
two [cars] back the black limo was in sight .

In places vehicles which had preceded them along the track had exposed the sterile moss .
in places [cars] which had preceded them along the track had exposed the sterile moss .

He turned left when they had passed the hotels , parked the car in the space reserved for vehicles and they climbed out , stretched , stood looking at the view .
he turned left when they had passed the hotels , parked the car in the space reserved for [cars] and they climbed out , stretched , stood looking at the view .

Even more modern industries such as motor vehicles , tobacco and electrical goods had adopted a similar pattern .
even more modern industries such as motor [cars] , tobacco and electrical goods had adopted a similar pattern .

Ground impact marks , sometimes a considerable distance from the main wreckage , should not be trampled upon or run over by rescue vehicles .
ground impact marks , sometimes a considerable distance from the main wreckage , should not be trampled upon or run over by rescue [cars] .

We 've been a leader in space communications and space vehicles .
we 've been a leader in space communications and space [cars] .

Some people lease high performance vehicles .
some people lease high performance [cars] .

Its body shape means it is one of the most stable road vehicles in crosswinds .
its body shape means it is one of the most stable road [cars] in crosswinds .

Despite elaborate alarm systems , nearly 400,000 vehicles were stolen last year .
despite elaborate alarm systems , nearly 400,000 [cars] were stolen last year .

33% , by value , of vehicles stolen were never recovered .
33% , by value , of [cars] stolen were never recovered .

And reliability is no problem because they are based on tried and trusted vehicles from manufacturers such as Volkswagen , Talbot , Fiat , Mercedes , Renault , Ford and Bedford .
and reliability is no problem because they are based on tried and trusted [cars] from manufacturers such as volkswagen , talbot , fiat , mercedes , renault , ford and bedford .

Now , improved locks are being introduced in a bid to thwart those intent on gaining access with vehicles .
now , improved locks are being introduced in a bid to thwart those intent on gaining access with [cars] .

Suffolk Wildlife Trust director Derek Moore said there had been reports of rabbits and other creatures being shot at by four-wheel drive enthusiasts as the vehicles moved around the ness .
suffolk wildlife trust director derek moore said there had been reports of rabbits and other creatures being shot at by four-wheel drive enthusiasts as the [cars] moved around the ness .

The trust 's conservation manager , Dr Charles Beardall , said : ‘ Vegetation which has taken centuries to become established is being wiped out in minutes by these vehicles and important bird colonies are being disturbed . ’
the trust 's conservation manager , dr charles beardall , said : ‘ vegetation which has taken centuries to become established is being wiped out in minutes by these [cars] and important bird colonies are being disturbed . ’

Outside some 450 federal agents and local police were last night still surrounding the compound , backed by armoured vehicles and the firepower of a small army .
outside some 450 federal agents and local police were last night still surrounding the compound , backed by armoured [cars] and the firepower of a small army .

Besides the heavy volume of traffic on the motorway proper , another factor could be the high number of vehicles using the two junctions .
besides the heavy volume of traffic on the motorway proper , another factor could be the high number of [cars] using the two junctions .

Mr Reid said that Clarke 's Bedford van was at the head of a line of vehicles driving along the road as darkness fell .
mr reid said that clarke 's bedford van was at the head of a line of [cars] driving along the road as darkness fell .

The driver of one of the vehicles told police afterwards that he had seen Mr Adams , who lived in Witney , ahead of him , but Mr Reid said Clarke clearly failed to notice him , even though Mr Adams had switched on both his front and rear bicycle lights .
the driver of one of the [cars] told police afterwards that he had seen mr adams , who lived in witney , ahead of him , but mr reid said clarke clearly failed to notice him , even though mr adams had switched on both his front and rear bicycle lights .

Then yesterday , Chelmsford police received reports of nearly a dozen vehicles which had been broken into .
then yesterday , chelmsford police received reports of nearly a dozen [cars] which had been broken into .

At Hall Rise , a radio/cassette player , worth £120 , was taken and thieves tried to get into vehicles in Blott Rise , Town End Field and Sauls Avenue .
at hall rise , a radio/cassette player , worth £120 , was taken and thieves tried to get into [cars] in blott rise , town end field and sauls avenue .

Its body shape means it is one of the safest and most stable road vehicles in cross winds .
its body shape means it is one of the safest and most stable road [cars] in cross winds .

To allow the army in Egypt to deliver an early riposte to the Axis forces facing them , before these could be built up to any really dangerous strength , a fast convoy carrying 295 tanks , 180 motor vehicles , and 53 crated Hurricanes had been despatched from England , leaving Gibraltar on the morning of 6th .
to allow the army in egypt to deliver an early riposte to the axis forces facing them , before these could be built up to any really dangerous strength , a fast convoy carrying 295 tanks , 180 motor [cars] , and 53 crated hurricanes had been despatched from england , leaving gibraltar on the morning of 6th .

They are employed to give infinitesimal steerage-changes to the Salyut and Soyuz vehicles as they manoeuvre to dock in space .
they are employed to give infinitesimal steerage-changes to the salyut and soyuz [cars] as they manoeuvre to dock in space .

‘ To argue that workers displaced by machines should necessarily be able to find work building those machines makes no more sense than to expect the horses displaced by mechanical vehicles to have been employed , directly or indirectly , in various branches of the expanding automotive industry , ’ says Leontief ( 1978 ) .
‘ to argue that workers displaced by machines should necessarily be able to find work building those machines makes no more sense than to expect the horses displaced by mechanical [cars] to have been employed , directly or indirectly , in various branches of the expanding automotive industry , ’ says leontief ( 1978 ) .

Instead , the bodies are loaded onto individual carriers , known as automated guided vehicles ( AGVs ) , which travel around the assembly plant under their own power and are individually guided by signals sent out through wires in the floor from a bank of central computers .
instead , the bodies are loaded onto individual carriers , known as automated guided [cars] ( agvs ) , which travel around the assembly plant under their own power and are individually guided by signals sent out through wires in the floor from a bank of central computers .

Today this company is administered by Jimmy Welsh and is a large commercial company with interests in vehicles , fuel oils , electronics and shipping .
today this company is administered by jimmy welsh and is a large commercial company with interests in [cars] , fuel oils , electronics and shipping .

Whereas the major newspapers of Nigeria and the Gold Coast were organs of protest and political agitation , those of East Africa were , from the start , ‘ vehicles for the culture and concepts of the rulers , with the considerable resources of white capital at their command ’ .
whereas the major newspapers of nigeria and the gold coast were organs of protest and political agitation , those of east africa were , from the start , ‘ [cars] for the culture and concepts of the rulers , with the considerable resources of white capital at their command ’ .

Under Mr Fowler 's van sales operation , ten refrigerated vehicles travelled in certain sectors , radiating from the company 's factory at Brackley in Northamptonshire , offering fresh chickens to traders like butchers , supermarkets and caterers .
under mr fowler 's van sales operation , ten refrigerated [cars] travelled in certain sectors , radiating from the company 's factory at brackley in northamptonshire , offering fresh chickens to traders like butchers , supermarkets and caterers .

Clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from Overdrive 's obligations contained in Clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for ensuring that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , maintenance and safety of vehicles .
clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from overdrive 's obligations contained in clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for ensuring that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , maintenance and safety of [cars] .

Exemption is also given to certain specialized vehicles , including : public service vehicles , hackney carriages , police vehicles , fire engines , ambulances , vehicles being used with trade plates , local authority vehicles used for road cleansing and the collection or disposal of refuse , vehicles used solely on airports , showmen 's goods vehicles and their trailers .
exemption is also given to certain specialized [cars] , including : public service [cars] , hackney carriages , police [cars] , fire engines , ambulances , [cars] being used with trade plates , local authority [cars] used for road cleansing and the collection or disposal of refuse , [cars] used solely on airports , showmen 's goods [cars] and their trailers .

There is no question that proper maintenance of goods vehicles lies at the heart of the licensing system .
there is no question that proper maintenance of goods [cars] lies at the heart of the licensing system .

To take an example : Adam Swannson wishes to purchase a garage in Gloucestershire , to use as a workshop for his vehicles .
to take an example : adam swannson wishes to purchase a garage in gloucestershire , to use as a workshop for his [cars] .

The requirement that all motor vehicles ( except invalid carriages , police and local authority vehicles ) used on a road must be covered by third party insurance is fundamental to the lawful operation of any haulage business .
the requirement that all motor [cars] ( except invalid carriages , police and local authority [cars] ) used on a road must be covered by third party insurance is fundamental to the lawful operation of any haulage business .

While being loaded upon carried by or unloaded from any of the Insured 's vehicles specified in the Schedule or any vehicle used to complete the journey in the event of the said vehicle breaking down en route .
while being loaded upon carried by or unloaded from any of the insured 's [cars] specified in the schedule or any vehicle used to complete the journey in the event of the said vehicle breaking down en route .

While temporarily unloaded from any of the said vehicles in the course of a journey for a period of up to 72 hours ( not counting Sunday or any Public Holiday ) anywhere in England Scotland or Wales .
while temporarily unloaded from any of the said [cars] in the course of a journey for a period of up to 72 hours ( not counting sunday or any public holiday ) anywhere in england scotland or wales .

Limitations on the amount recoverable for loss of life ( some £38,000 under the 1974 Athens Convention ) and for losses to cargo and vehicles show that the haulier has to be very careful when undertaking operations involving cross-channel ferries .
limitations on the amount recoverable for loss of life ( some £38,000 under the 1974 athens convention ) and for losses to cargo and [cars] show that the haulier has to be very careful when undertaking operations involving cross-channel ferries .

This Part of this Act shall have effect with a view to securing the observance of proper hours … of work by persons engaged in the carriage of passengers or goods by road and thereby protecting the public against the risks which arise in cases where the drivers of motor vehicles are suffering from fatigue .
this part of this act shall have effect with a view to securing the observance of proper hours … of work by persons engaged in the carriage of passengers or goods by road and thereby protecting the public against the risks which arise in cases where the drivers of motor [cars] are suffering from fatigue .

However , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .
however , it was well established in the field of goods [cars] operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of [cars] , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .

Many hauliers have spent years operating vehicles actually owned by the haulage company , but the benefits of expanding business using some form of contract hire agreement can not be ignored .
many hauliers have spent years operating [cars] actually owned by the haulage company , but the benefits of expanding business using some form of contract hire agreement can not be ignored .

Substitute vehicles available enabling you to maintain a consistently high standard of delivery service to your customers .
substitute [cars] available enabling you to maintain a consistently high standard of delivery service to your customers .

Vehicles cleaned and maintained on a programmed schedule giving a good company image at all times .
[cars] cleaned and maintained on a programmed schedule giving a good company image at all times .

They have an independent gas central heating system ( installed by the bank as an aid to temperature control ) and access through the rear to a service and delivery area which is also used by refuse collection vehicles .
they have an independent gas central heating system ( installed by the bank as an aid to temperature control ) and access through the rear to a service and delivery area which is also used by refuse collection [cars] .

Other assets , with the exception of motor vehicles , are depreciated on a straight line basis from the beginning of the year following purchase .
other assets , with the exception of motor [cars] , are depreciated on a straight line basis from the beginning of the year following purchase .

Motor vehicles are depreciated on a straight line basis beginning in the year of purchase .
motor [cars] are depreciated on a straight line basis beginning in the year of purchase .

Motor vehicles 5 years
motor [cars] 5 years

He changed taxis twice within three blocks , keeping a careful eye on the black Plymouth sedan which cruised sedately along behind both vehicles .
he changed taxis twice within three blocks , keeping a careful eye on the black plymouth sedan which cruised sedately along behind both [cars] .

The autumn sun glinted softly on the pastel-coloured vehicles , most of which Mr Frizzell expected to sell before winter paralysed the second-hand car business for four months .
the autumn sun glinted softly on the pastel-coloured [cars] , most of which mr frizzell expected to sell before winter paralysed the second-hand car business for four months .

He saw the emergency vehicles rushing towards him , their lights beaconing in the morning light .
he saw the emergency [cars] rushing towards him , their lights beaconing in the morning light .

By ignoring the vehicles in which politics is communicated , both sets of recommendations overlook obstacles to communication which are just as real in their consequences as structural ones .
by ignoring the [cars] in which politics is communicated , both sets of recommendations overlook obstacles to communication which are just as real in their consequences as structural ones .

Whether such a body would succeed would depend on its organization and funding and whether it was able to create vehicles which could survive in the market-place and be purchased by the public .
whether such a body would succeed would depend on its organization and funding and whether it was able to create [cars] which could survive in the market-place and be purchased by the public .

Attempts to create vehicles of left-wing opinion have not succeeded ; both the News-on-Sunday and the East End News failed miserably .
attempts to create [cars] of left-wing opinion have not succeeded ; both the news-on-sunday and the east end news failed miserably .

In recent years , some newspapers have become vehicles for the pursuit of certain positions and ideologies and consequently less open to their ideological opponents .
in recent years , some newspapers have become [cars] for the pursuit of certain positions and ideologies and consequently less open to their ideological opponents .

First , the structural changes identified above were acknowledgements of the heterogeneous nature of the national audience and , in themselves , transformed the broadcasting institutions into vehicles to serve and exploit different sections of it .
first , the structural changes identified above were acknowledgements of the heterogeneous nature of the national audience and , in themselves , transformed the broadcasting institutions into [cars] to serve and exploit different sections of it .

To create new vehicles of communication in this context meant creating a system of broadcasting which could survive outside the duopoly yet one which would not fundamentally damage the ecology of the system .
to create new [cars] of communication in this context meant creating a system of broadcasting which could survive outside the duopoly yet one which would not fundamentally damage the ecology of the system .

Such contracts are in fact very similar to self-employed pension plans , with the same choice of vehicles : unit linked , deposit administration , with profits and non-profit .
such contracts are in fact very similar to self-employed pension plans , with the same choice of [cars] : unit linked , deposit administration , with profits and non-profit .

The current volume of vehicles could triple , or even quadruple , over the next 30 years and the bulk of the increase will fall on rural roads rather than urban streets or motorways .
the current volume of [cars] could triple , or even quadruple , over the next 30 years and the bulk of the increase will fall on rural roads rather than urban streets or motorways .

The unit argues that traffic on motorways and urban roads is unlikely to increase over 50 % , so the main impact will fall on rural byways which are not equipped to cope with such a volume of vehicles .
the unit argues that traffic on motorways and urban roads is unlikely to increase over 50 % , so the main impact will fall on rural byways which are not equipped to cope with such a volume of [cars] .

Arrows of light cross-hatched a grey cavern housing half-completed vehicles .
arrows of light cross-hatched a grey cavern housing half-completed [cars] .

Vehicles smouldered amidst wreckage .
[cars] smouldered amidst wreckage .

The commodity of the publisher is ideas and knowledge and as new technologies become available to act as vehicles for this commodity , then the publisher is obliged , for commercial reasons if no other , to use them when appropriate .
the commodity of the publisher is ideas and knowledge and as new technologies become available to act as [cars] for this commodity , then the publisher is obliged , for commercial reasons if no other , to use them when appropriate .

Although at the time some of these vehicles seemed , and have since proved , to be new forms of dinosaur , that did not exempt us from our obligation as educators to prepare our students for the world of work some ten , twenty , thirty years ahead when they would be the key executives in the publishing industry .
although at the time some of these [cars] seemed , and have since proved , to be new forms of dinosaur , that did not exempt us from our obligation as educators to prepare our students for the world of work some ten , twenty , thirty years ahead when they would be the key executives in the publishing industry .

Reports from America offer numerous examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive administration of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or attempting to get out of moving vehicles .
reports from america offer numerous examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive administration of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or attempting to get out of moving [cars] .

George was given the job of designing these vehicles using a two-cylinder , horizontally opposed , 1,200cc motor normally fitted to the Standard Bristol motorcycle .
george was given the job of designing these [cars] using a two-cylinder , horizontally opposed , 1,200cc motor normally fitted to the standard bristol motorcycle .

‘ It might be expected that a substantial proportion of these also involved stolen vehicles , ’ he said .
‘ it might be expected that a substantial proportion of these also involved stolen [cars] , ’ he said .

Officers make regular inspections to check for stolen vehicles .
officers make regular inspections to check for stolen [cars] .

Companies with well-established brands , which are the best vehicles for such expansion , are likely to be increasingly few and far between — this explains the keen interest in and premium price paid for Rowntree .
companies with well-established brands , which are the best [cars] for such expansion , are likely to be increasingly few and far between — this explains the keen interest in and premium price paid for rowntree .

The proposal to sell Leyland Vehicles including Land Rover to General Motors , manufacturer of Bedford trucks , caused as much disquiet as the mooted sale of Austin Rover to Ford and was eventually thwarted after much public argument , when General Motors withdrew from the deal .
the proposal to sell leyland [cars] including land rover to general motors , manufacturer of bedford trucks , caused as much disquiet as the mooted sale of austin rover to ford and was eventually thwarted after much public argument , when general motors withdrew from the deal .

It would appear that this closure and the consequent employment effects can be attributed to the government 's failure to sanction the deal with Leyland Vehicles earlier in the year , as a result of the political pressure imposed .
it would appear that this closure and the consequent employment effects can be attributed to the government 's failure to sanction the deal with leyland [cars] earlier in the year , as a result of the political pressure imposed .

He was just telling the driver of the light engine that he would be away in a minute , when from Bradley Fold station box came the 4-5-5 signal ( train or vehicles running away on the right line ) .
he was just telling the driver of the light engine that he would be away in a minute , when from bradley fold station box came the 4-5-5 signal ( train or [cars] running away on the right line ) .

In the old days there was no physical access from the running lines to Govan car sheds and workshops , so stock was only brought out of the tunnels for repair and maintenance , which necessitated lifting the vehicles bodily off the track and up through pits into the workshops by means of a large overhead crane .
in the old days there was no physical access from the running lines to govan car sheds and workshops , so stock was only brought out of the tunnels for repair and maintenance , which necessitated lifting the [cars] bodily off the track and up through pits into the workshops by means of a large overhead crane .

Doyle swung the car into the kerb , and observed cautiously through the windscreens of the intervening parked vehicles .
doyle swung the car into the kerb , and observed cautiously through the windscreens of the intervening parked [cars] .

It was prematurely dark for the early summer evening , and many vehicles already had their lights on .
it was prematurely dark for the early summer evening , and many [cars] already had their lights on .

Ashi cursed silently as she crossed the Pavement to the bumper-to-bumper row of parked residents ' vehicles .
ashi cursed silently as she crossed the pavement to the bumper-to-bumper row of parked residents ' [cars] .

Both sets of rear doors were thrown open to form a screen between the two vehicles .
both sets of rear doors were thrown open to form a screen between the two [cars] .

Driving through unfamiliar London streets had been nerve-racking enough — vehicles and flashing lights seemed to be coming at him from all angles — but with two kidnap victims in the back , his brain refused to function rationally .
driving through unfamiliar london streets had been nerve-racking enough — [cars] and flashing lights seemed to be coming at him from all angles — but with two kidnap victims in the back , his brain refused to function rationally .

The heyday of Meccano 's Dinky vehicles was the Fifties and early Sixties , when a standard boxed Dinky car cost a few shillings new .
the heyday of meccano 's dinky [cars] was the fifties and early sixties , when a standard boxed dinky car cost a few shillings new .

In the evening the firm 's fleet of vehicles moves the parcels to a central sorting office in Birmingham .
in the evening the firm 's fleet of [cars] moves the parcels to a central sorting office in birmingham .

‘ There they are sorted and put back on the vehicles and re-delivered so that the franchisees can deliver them first thing in the morning . ’
‘ there they are sorted and put back on the [cars] and re-delivered so that the franchisees can deliver them first thing in the morning . ’

Premiums on high-insurance vehicles soared by 80 per cent earlier this year and many companies are extremely wary of covering very young drivers .
premiums on high-insurance [cars] soared by 80 per cent earlier this year and many companies are extremely wary of covering very young drivers .

Dumper trucks will normally not be classified as motor vehicles as they are not intended or adapted for use on roads .
dumper trucks will normally not be classified as motor [cars] as they are not intended or adapted for use on roads .

Mechanical propulsion presently ranges from steam , through the various petrols and oils to gas and electric , with nuclear or magnetic etc. vehicles around the corner .
mechanical propulsion presently ranges from steam , through the various petrols and oils to gas and electric , with nuclear or magnetic etc. [cars] around the corner .

This is wider in meaning than ‘ motor vehicle ’ as ‘ vehicles ’ do not need to be mechanically propelled .
this is wider in meaning than ‘ motor vehicle ’ as ‘ [cars] ’ do not need to be mechanically propelled .

Therefore , trailers and bicycles , as well as all kinds of mechanically propelled vehicles , are ‘ vehicles ’ .
therefore , trailers and bicycles , as well as all kinds of mechanically propelled [cars] , are ‘ [cars] ’ .

In the case of certain motor vehicles such as dumper trucks , the prosecution had to prove that they were intended or adapted for use on roads .
in the case of certain motor [cars] such as dumper trucks , the prosecution had to prove that they were intended or adapted for use on roads .

In borderline cases , such as broken down vehicles or power assisted pedal cycles , recourse must be had to the case law .
in borderline cases , such as broken down [cars] or power assisted pedal cycles , recourse must be had to the case law .

This point is normally proved by the police officer examining the vehicles concerned or person , animal or property involved and recording the details of damage or injury in his pocket book or accident booklet .
this point is normally proved by the police officer examining the [cars] concerned or person , animal or property involved and recording the details of damage or injury in his pocket book or accident booklet .

must insure him or them in respect of any liability which may be incurred by him or them m respect of the use of the vehicle and of any trailer , whether or not coupled , in the territory other than Great Britain and Gibraltar of each of the member states of the Communities according to the law on compulsory insurance against civil liability in respect of the use of vehicles of the state where the liability may be incurred ; and
must insure him or them in respect of any liability which may be incurred by him or them m respect of the use of the vehicle and of any trailer , whether or not coupled , in the territory other than great britain and gibraltar of each of the member states of the communities according to the law on compulsory insurance against civil liability in respect of the use of [cars] of the state where the liability may be incurred ; and

‘ a motor vehicle , namely a … to which section 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 applied and ’ Section 47 applies to all motor vehicles first used more than three years before the time at which it is proved to have been actually used on the road for the purpose of the present offence .
‘ a motor vehicle , namely a … to which section 47 of the road traffic act 1988 applied and ’ section 47 applies to all motor [cars] first used more than three years before the time at which it is proved to have been actually used on the road for the purpose of the present offence .

The Motor Vehicles ( Tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .
the motor [cars] ( tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor [cars] most public service [cars] ; goods [cars] of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose [cars] ) ; articulated [cars] ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor [cars] etc .

Section 8 Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971
section 8 [cars] ( excise ) act 1971

‘ on a public road called … ’ 'Public road' means ‘ a road which is repairable at the public expense ’ per section 38 ( 1 ) Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 .
‘ on a public road called … ’ 'public road' means ‘ a road which is repairable at the public expense ’ per section 38 ( 1 ) [cars] ( excise ) act 1971 .

‘ on a public road called … ’ No offence against section 8 of the Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 is committed where the vehicle is used or kept on a private road , i.e .
‘ on a public road called … ’ no offence against section 8 of the [cars] ( excise ) act 1971 is committed where the vehicle is used or kept on a private road , i.e .

Regulations 35 Road Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 and sections 12 and 16 Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971
regulations 35 road [cars] ( registration and licensing ) regulations 1971 and sections 12 and 16 [cars] ( excise ) act 1971

That you being the holder of a trade licence ( or licences ) issued under section 16 , Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971
that you being the holder of a trade licence ( or licences ) issued under section 16 , [cars] ( excise ) act 1971

for a purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 ( specify purpose ) .
for a purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , [cars] ( excise ) act 1971 ( specify purpose ) .

‘ That you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 ’ This means that the defendant must be the person to whom the trade licence was issued .
‘ that you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , [cars] ( excise ) act 1971 ’ this means that the defendant must be the person to whom the trade licence was issued .

‘ for the purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 . ’ Namely in the Road Vehicles ( Registration and Licensing ) Regulations 1971 Regulation 35
‘ for the purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , [cars] ( registration and licensing ) regulations 1971 . ’ namely in the road [cars] ( registration and licensing ) regulations 1971 regulation 35

a purpose connected with his business as a manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled vehicles ; or
a purpose connected with his business as a manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled [cars] ; or

Save as provided in regulation 36 of these regulations , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade vehicle , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence unless it is a vehicle which is temporarily in his possession in the course of his business as a motor trader or a recovery vehicle kept by him for the purpose of dealing with disabled vehicles in the course of that business .
save as provided in regulation 36 of these regulations , no person , being a motor trader and the holder of a trade vehicle , shall use any mechanically propelled vehicle on a public road by virtue of that licence unless it is a vehicle which is temporarily in his possession in the course of his business as a motor trader or a recovery vehicle kept by him for the purpose of dealing with disabled [cars] in the course of that business .

for delivering it from one part of his premises to another part of his premises , or for delivering it from his premises to the premises of , or between parts of premises of , another manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled vehicles or removing it from the premises of another manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled vehicles direct to his own premises ;
for delivering it from one part of his premises to another part of his premises , or for delivering it from his premises to the premises of , or between parts of premises of , another manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled [cars] or removing it from the premises of another manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled [cars] direct to his own premises ;

for proceeding from the premises of a manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled vehicles to a place from which it is to be transported by train , ship or aircraft or for proceeding to the premises of such a manufacturer , repairer or dealer from a place to which it has been so transported ;
for proceeding from the premises of a manufacturer or repairer of or dealer in mechanically propelled [cars] to a place from which it is to be transported by train , ship or aircraft or for proceeding to the premises of such a manufacturer , repairer or dealer from a place to which it has been so transported ;

for proceeding to or returning from any garage , auction room or other place at which vehicles are usually stored or usually or periodically offered for sale and at which the vehicle is to be or has been stored or is to be or has been offered for sale as the case may be ;
for proceeding to or returning from any garage , auction room or other place at which [cars] are usually stored or usually or periodically offered for sale and at which the vehicle is to be or has been stored or is to be or has been offered for sale as the case may be ;

‘ that you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 ‘ Has a slightly different meaning than the offence where the driver is required to be identified .
‘ that you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , [cars] ( excise ) act 1971 ‘ has a slightly different meaning than the offence where the driver is required to be identified .

‘ for a purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 ’ .
‘ for a purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) [cars] ( excise ) act 1971 ’ .

Regulation 34(2) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 34(2) motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

Regulation 24 Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 and Section 42 ( 1 ) Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 24 road [cars] lighting regulations 1989 and section 42 ( 1 ) road traffic act 1988

‘ which carries obligatory lamps ’ 'Obligatory lamps ' , in relation to a vehicle , means such of the obligatory front lamps , obligatory headlamps and obligatory rear lamps as the vehicle is required , by virtue of the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations , to carry when on a road during the hours of darkness ( as defined by the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations ) .
‘ which carries obligatory lamps ’ 'obligatory lamps ' , in relation to a vehicle , means such of the obligatory front lamps , obligatory headlamps and obligatory rear lamps as the vehicle is required , by virtue of the road [cars] lighting regulations , to carry when on a road during the hours of darkness ( as defined by the road [cars] lighting regulations ) .

‘ Seriously reduced visibility conditions ’ in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such conditions adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar condition ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the appropriate use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other vehicles or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .
‘ seriously reduced visibility conditions ’ in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such conditions adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar condition ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the appropriate use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other [cars] or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .

‘ being the person driving ( or propelling ) ’ 'Propelling' means that vehicles other than mechanically propelled are included , such as pedal cycles .
‘ being the person driving ( or propelling ) ’ 'propelling' means that [cars] other than mechanically propelled are included , such as pedal cycles .

Also note that under this.section the constable need not be in uniform compared with section 163 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 which deals with the general power to stop vehicles .
also note that under this.section the constable need not be in uniform compared with section 163 of the road traffic act 1988 which deals with the general power to stop [cars] .

‘ Class ’ of vehicle shall be construed as reference to a class defined or described by reference to any characteristics of the vehicles or to any other circumstances whatsoever ( section 192 ( 3 ) Road Traffic Act 1988 ) .
‘ class ’ of vehicle shall be construed as reference to a class defined or described by reference to any characteristics of the [cars] or to any other circumstances whatsoever ( section 192 ( 3 ) road traffic act 1988 ) .

But it is important to be able to classify the different types of mechanically propelled vehicles in order to be able to prove to a court in which class a vehicle falls .
but it is important to be able to classify the different types of mechanically propelled [cars] in order to be able to prove to a court in which class a vehicle falls .

Regulation 9 Motor Vehicles ( Driving Licences ) Regulations 1987 and sections 105 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 9 motor [cars] ( driving licences ) regulations 1987 and sections 105 road traffic act 1988

‘ of a qualified driver ’ The supervisor must be a ‘ qualified driver ’ as defined in regulation 9 ( 6 ) of the Motor Vehicles ( Driving Licences ) Regulations 1987 , namely , a person who holds a full licence authorising him to drive as a full licence holder a motor vehicle of the same class or description as the vehicle being driven by the holder of the provisional licence .
‘ of a qualified driver ’ the supervisor must be a ‘ qualified driver ’ as defined in regulation 9 ( 6 ) of the motor [cars] ( driving licences ) regulations 1987 , namely , a person who holds a full licence authorising him to drive as a full licence holder a motor vehicle of the same class or description as the vehicle being driven by the holder of the provisional licence .

Regulation 4 of the Motor Vehicles ( Wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 and Section 14 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 4 of the motor [cars] ( wearing of seat belts ) regulations 1982 and section 14 of the road traffic act 1988

‘ requiring a seat belt ’ Means per regulation 6 of the Motor Vehicles ( wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulation 1982 : ‘ The classes of vehicle mentioned in regulation 4 are ( a ) a vehicle to which Regulation 46 of the Construction and Use Regulations applies ( see later ) ; and ( b ) a vehicle which is equipped with anchorage points and seat belts and to which that Regulation would apply if it were not for the circumstances that the vehicle —
‘ requiring a seat belt ’ means per regulation 6 of the motor [cars] ( wearing of seat belts ) regulation 1982 : ‘ the classes of vehicle mentioned in regulation 4 are ( a ) a vehicle to which regulation 46 of the construction and use regulations applies ( see later ) ; and ( b ) a vehicle which is equipped with anchorage points and seat belts and to which that regulation would apply if it were not for the circumstances that the vehicle —

is within the provisions of the Construction and Use Regulations ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain tax exceptions by virtue of their impending export ) ;
is within the provisions of the construction and use regulations ( which relates to [cars] subject to certain tax exceptions by virtue of their impending export ) ;

is within the provisions of the Construction and Use Regulations ( which relates to vehicles subject to certain exemptions relating to tests of satisfactory conditions ) ;
is within the provisions of the construction and use regulations ( which relates to [cars] subject to certain exemptions relating to tests of satisfactory conditions ) ;

is not a vehicle to which the Motor Vehicles ( Type Approval ) ( Great Britain ) Regulations 1979 applies but which is being driven from premises of the manufacturer by whom it was made , or of a distributor of vehicles or dealer in vehicles , to premises of a distributor of or dealer in vehicles of the purchasers of the vehicle , or to premises of a person obtaining possession of the vehicle under a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement .
is not a vehicle to which the motor [cars] ( type approval ) ( great britain ) regulations 1979 applies but which is being driven from premises of the manufacturer by whom it was made , or of a distributor of [cars] or dealer in [cars] , to premises of a distributor of or dealer in [cars] of the purchasers of the vehicle , or to premises of a person obtaining possession of the vehicle under a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement .

Regulation 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : The requirement to have seat belts fitted is contained in Regulation 46 of the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 ;
regulation 46 as mentioned at ( a ) above is as follows : the requirement to have seat belts fitted is contained in regulation 46 of the motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 ;

All vehicles that are required to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the specified passenger 's seat . The specified passenger 's seat is defined by regulation 47(8) as —
all [cars] that are required to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the specified passenger 's seat . the specified passenger 's seat is defined by regulation 47(8) as —

if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the specified passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . Exceptions are given under regulation 5 The Motor Vehicles ( Wearing-of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 :
if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the specified passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . exceptions are given under regulation 5 the motor [cars] ( wearing-of seat belts ) regulations 1982 :

Regulation 34(6) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 34(6) motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 of the road traffic act 1988

But this is the general position and in vehicles like Minis it could be argued that such a view can be obtained when only the wiper in front of the driver works , therefore each vehicle must be dealt with separately .
but this is the general position and in [cars] like minis it could be argued that such a view can be obtained when only the wiper in front of the driver works , therefore each vehicle must be dealt with separately .

Only old vehicles pre about 1940 and the occasional newer vehicle such as the Land Rover have the front opening windscreens .
only old [cars] pre about 1940 and the occasional newer vehicle such as the land rover have the front opening windscreens .

Regulation 54(1) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 of the Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 54(1) motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 of the road traffic act 1988

so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations .
so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations .

a vehicle propelled by an internal combustion engine , namely a … ’ As the majority of vehicles are propelled in this manner , this point speaks for itself .
a vehicle propelled by an internal combustion engine , namely a … ’ as the majority of [cars] are propelled in this manner , this point speaks for itself .

‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations ’ .
‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations ’ .

‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations ’ , This point can be proved by inspecting the silencer system with the engine running and watching where the gases are escaping .
‘ so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations ’ , this point can be proved by inspecting the silencer system with the engine running and watching where the gases are escaping .

Regulation 107(1) Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 , and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 107(1) motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 , and section 42 road traffic act 1988

‘ a motor vehicle , namely a … ’ Notable exceptions include police , fire brigade and ambulance purposes , and vehicles which require the engine to run to operate special machinery or apparatus such as a gulley emptying vehicle .
‘ a motor vehicle , namely a … ’ notable exceptions include police , fire brigade and ambulance purposes , and [cars] which require the engine to run to operate special machinery or apparatus such as a gulley emptying vehicle .

‘ without the engine being stopped ’ Means that apart from the exceptions at regulation 107(2) ( a ) and ( b ) ( the main ones are shown at 4 ante ) , the engines of all motor vehicles must be stopped when the vehicles are unattended .
‘ without the engine being stopped ’ means that apart from the exceptions at regulation 107(2) ( a ) and ( b ) ( the main ones are shown at 4 ante ) , the engines of all motor [cars] must be stopped when the [cars] are unattended .

Regulation 37 Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 37 motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

The following vehicles may be fitted with a gong , bell , siren or two-tone horn :
the following [cars] may be fitted with a gong , bell , siren or two-tone horn :

motor vehicles used for fire brigade , ambulance or police purposes
motor [cars] used for fire brigade , ambulance or police purposes

motor vehicles owned by a body formed primarily for the purpose of fire salvage and used for those or similar purposes
motor [cars] owned by a body formed primarily for the purpose of fire salvage and used for those or similar purposes

motor vehicles owned by the Forestry Commission or by local authorities and used from time to time for the purpose of fighting fires ;
motor [cars] owned by the forestry commission or by local authorities and used from time to time for the purpose of fighting fires ;

motor vehicles owned by the Secretary of State for Defence and used for the purposes of the disposal of bombs or explosives
motor [cars] owned by the secretary of state for defence and used for the purposes of the disposal of bombs or explosives

motor vehicles used for the purposes of the Blood Transfusion Service provided under the National Health Service Act 1977 or under the National Health Service ( Scotland ) Act 1947 ;
motor [cars] used for the purposes of the blood transfusion service provided under the national health service act 1977 or under the national health service ( scotland ) act 1947 ;

motor vehicles used by Her Majesty 's Coastguard or the Coastguard Auxiliary Service to aid persons in danger or vessels in distress on or near the coast
motor [cars] used by her majesty 's coastguard or the coastguard auxiliary service to aid persons in danger or vessels in distress on or near the coast

motor vehicles owned by the National Coal Board and used for the purposes of rescue operations at mines ;
motor [cars] owned by the national coal board and used for the purposes of rescue operations at mines ;

motor vehicles owned by the Secretary of State for Defence and used by the Royal Air Force Mountain Rescue Service for the purposes of rescue operations in connection with crashed aircraft or any other emergencies ; and
motor [cars] owned by the secretary of state for defence and used by the royal air force mountain rescue service for the purposes of rescue operations in connection with crashed aircraft or any other emergencies ; and

motor vehicles owned by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and used for the purposes of launching lifeboats .
motor [cars] owned by the royal national lifeboat institution and used for the purposes of launching lifeboats .

Further paragraphs deal with bells , gongs or sirens being used for theft prevention purposes or to summons help for the conductors , drivers and inspectors of large passenger carrying vehicles .
further paragraphs deal with bells , gongs or sirens being used for theft prevention purposes or to summons help for the conductors , drivers and inspectors of large passenger carrying [cars] .

Regulation 101 Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1986 and section 42 Road Traffic Act 1988
regulation 101 motor [cars] ( construction and use ) regulations 1986 and section 42 road traffic act 1988

any motor vehicle standing on a part of a road specially set aside for the parking of vehicles , or as a stand for hackney carriages , or as a stand for public service vehicles , or as a place at which such vehicles may stop for a longer time than is necessary for the taking up and setting down of passengers where compliance with this regulation would conflict with the provisions of any order , regulations or byelaws governing the use of such part of a road for that purpose ;
any motor vehicle standing on a part of a road specially set aside for the parking of [cars] , or as a stand for hackney carriages , or as a stand for public service [cars] , or as a place at which such [cars] may stop for a longer time than is necessary for the taking up and setting down of passengers where compliance with this regulation would conflict with the provisions of any order , regulations or byelaws governing the use of such part of a road for that purpose ;

any motor vehicle on any road in which vehicles are allowed to proceed in one direction only ; or
any motor vehicle on any road in which [cars] are allowed to proceed in one direction only ; or

( committed any time ) Regulation 23(1) Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 and section 42(1) Road Traffic Act 1988
( committed any time ) regulation 23(1) road [cars] lighting regulations 1989 and section 42(1) road traffic act 1988

a rear fog lamp on a vehicle which is part of a combination of vehicles any part of which is not required by the Regulations to be fitted with a rear fog lamp ;
a rear fog lamp on a vehicle which is part of a combination of [cars] any part of which is not required by the regulations to be fitted with a rear fog lamp ;

This phrase is proved as at point 5 , but as the case depends on this point , such evidence is best given by a reliable witness who had a good view of the vehicles concerned .
this phrase is proved as at point 5 , but as the case depends on this point , such evidence is best given by a reliable witness who had a good view of the [cars] concerned .

Inhabited vehicles or vessels are included e.g .
inhabited [cars] or vessels are included e.g .

He loved vehicles of all sorts — especially when they were travelling fast .
he loved [cars] of all sorts — especially when they were travelling fast .

There was a movement of vehicles around them .
there was a movement of [cars] around them .

They did n't stop at the nearest building , but drove on to a bigger one with many more vehicles outside .
they did n't stop at the nearest building , but drove on to a bigger one with many more [cars] outside .

Vehicles were screaming towards the bulk of the Ship .
[cars] were screaming towards the bulk of the ship .

Fire engines raced across the airport , and there were other vehicles behind them .
fire engines raced across the airport , and there were other [cars] behind them .

The anti-freeze and brake fluid is collected to make more of the same , any petrol is used by factory vehicles , and the battery is taken to bits with every part -acid , lead and plastic casing — sent for recycling .
the anti-freeze and brake fluid is collected to make more of the same , any petrol is used by factory [cars] , and the battery is taken to bits with every part -acid , lead and plastic casing — sent for recycling .

Twenty two trainers and other industry representatives have offered support and convoys of five to 10 vehicles are to follow next month .
twenty two trainers and other industry representatives have offered support and convoys of five to 10 [cars] are to follow next month .

Noise from vehicles is something the Government has been trying to tackle for more than 20 years .
noise from [cars] is something the government has been trying to tackle for more than 20 years .

Sales of 4 x 4 vehicles have continued to boom despite the recession , and both manufacturers are anxious to cash in by marketing differently badged variants .
sales of 4 x 4 [cars] have continued to boom despite the recession , and both manufacturers are anxious to cash in by marketing differently badged variants .

Lucas 's Epic : Electronic diesel engine management system for commercial vehicles
lucas 's epic : electronic diesel engine management system for commercial [cars]

Norman Fowler , Secretary of State for Transport at the time , eventually agreed to grant an exemption for amateur-built vehicles .
norman fowler , secretary of state for transport at the time , eventually agreed to grant an exemption for amateur-built [cars] .

Inside the front cover of its annual report , the company prints an unusual request : ‘ Within the European Community a single market in commercial vehicles has been a reality for some time .
inside the front cover of its annual report , the company prints an unusual request : ‘ within the european community a single market in commercial [cars] has been a reality for some time .

They are ‘ dielectric ’ in nature , meaning they are not conductors of electric currents but act as vehicles for the registration of electric fields .
they are ‘ dielectric ’ in nature , meaning they are not conductors of electric currents but act as [cars] for the registration of electric fields .

It is unlikely that there was any drop in the number of draught animals during the late nineteenth century , but the advent of motor vehicles in the twentieth century did reduce their importance .
it is unlikely that there was any drop in the number of draught animals during the late nineteenth century , but the advent of motor [cars] in the twentieth century did reduce their importance .

In December , the fitting of side lamps on all vehicles , including trams , became compulsory and the Company 's cars were modified similarly to those of the Corporation .
in december , the fitting of side lamps on all [cars] , including trams , became compulsory and the company 's cars were modified similarly to those of the corporation .

There were insufficient vehicles in the first delivery to work the whole service between Sutton and Croydon and several of the earlier 1–60 batch ex-L.U.T. trolleybuses , known as ‘ Diddlers ’ because of the clicking noise their contactors made , had to be used during the first few weeks .
there were insufficient [cars] in the first delivery to work the whole service between sutton and croydon and several of the earlier 1–60 batch ex-l.u.t. trolleybuses , known as ‘ diddlers ’ because of the clicking noise their contactors made , had to be used during the first few weeks .

Trolleybus routes 630 and 654 continued to operate unhindered and without modification until 1958 , when it was announced that as many of the vehicles were now over 25 years old ( including those on route 654 ) , they needed replacement and what better than the ‘ more flexible ’ motor bus .
trolleybus routes 630 and 654 continued to operate unhindered and without modification until 1958 , when it was announced that as many of the [cars] were now over 25 years old ( including those on route 654 ) , they needed replacement and what better than the ‘ more flexible ’ motor bus .

Under s 21 of the Road Traffic Act 1991 , which has now been brought into force , it is an offence for an officer such as a company 's director or secretary to fail to give the name of a driver of one of the company 's vehicles where an offence has taken place in connection with that vehicle ( p 94 ) .
under s 21 of the road traffic act 1991 , which has now been brought into force , it is an offence for an officer such as a company 's director or secretary to fail to give the name of a driver of one of the company 's [cars] where an offence has taken place in connection with that vehicle ( p 94 ) .

Under s 21 of the Road Traffic Act 1991 , which has now been brought into force , it is an offence for an officer such as a company 's director or secretary to fail to give the name of a driver of one of the company 's vehicles where an offence in connection with that vehicle has taken place .
under s 21 of the road traffic act 1991 , which has now been brought into force , it is an offence for an officer such as a company 's director or secretary to fail to give the name of a driver of one of the company 's [cars] where an offence in connection with that vehicle has taken place .

So , keep detailed records of drivers of all company vehicles : otherwise this personal criminal liability may arise .
so , keep detailed records of drivers of all company [cars] : otherwise this personal criminal liability may arise .

The gang then bribed border officials in Mexico before driving the vehicles to South America , where a steady stream of clients were waiting for delivery .
the gang then bribed border officials in mexico before driving the [cars] to south america , where a steady stream of clients were waiting for delivery .

Mr Ashdown ducked as shrapnel sprayed the convoy of armoured vehicles he was travelling with .
mr ashdown ducked as shrapnel sprayed the convoy of armoured [cars] he was travelling with .

The trouble is that charity work never ends and the same can be said for the constant need for money to pay for research work , buy new hospital machinery or vehicles for disabled youngsters .
the trouble is that charity work never ends and the same can be said for the constant need for money to pay for research work , buy new hospital machinery or [cars] for disabled youngsters .

Loud noise from passing vehicles is doubly unwelcome because , not only does it drown out the wanted sound , but it also causes the camcorder 's automatic gain control to lower the recording level ; this generally takes some seconds to return to normal after the disturbance , during which time the wanted sound is not recorded properly .
loud noise from passing [cars] is doubly unwelcome because , not only does it drown out the wanted sound , but it also causes the camcorder 's automatic gain control to lower the recording level ; this generally takes some seconds to return to normal after the disturbance , during which time the wanted sound is not recorded properly .

For instance , if you are taping a traffic effect , keep back from the roadside so that the passing of vehicles merges into the general roar .
for instance , if you are taping a traffic effect , keep back from the roadside so that the passing of [cars] merges into the general roar .

After all , both directors go home to the same address in two different vehicles , and the reasons for taking the delivery car home , on the facts , are more than valid .
after all , both directors go home to the same address in two different [cars] , and the reasons for taking the delivery car home , on the facts , are more than valid .

The directors extracted motor vehicles from the company in March 1991 and declared dividends to cover the payment due to the company .
the directors extracted motor [cars] from the company in march 1991 and declared dividends to cover the payment due to the company .

We are not happy with this position in that the Inspector appears to accept that while the formality of recording the transfer of motor vehicles to the directors was not processed through the accounting records , he is by implication accepting that they were recorded , in order to have the directors ' loan accounts overdrawn while ignoring the dividend .
we are not happy with this position in that the inspector appears to accept that while the formality of recording the transfer of motor [cars] to the directors was not processed through the accounting records , he is by implication accepting that they were recorded , in order to have the directors ' loan accounts overdrawn while ignoring the dividend .

In this instance the directors are presumably the same as the shareholders , and the intention was , undoubtedly , to effect the motor vehicles ' transfer and payment of the dividend on exactly the same date to avoid a loan account debit and a s 419 assessment .
in this instance the directors are presumably the same as the shareholders , and the intention was , undoubtedly , to effect the motor [cars] ' transfer and payment of the dividend on exactly the same date to avoid a loan account debit and a s 419 assessment .

The term ‘ deeds of family arrangement ’ is not now quite so appropriate because they are increasingly used as tax-planning vehicles , and they will continue to be effective unless the Government repeals those provisions in the Inheritance Tax Act 1984 that permit the variations .
the term ‘ deeds of family arrangement ’ is not now quite so appropriate because they are increasingly used as tax-planning [cars] , and they will continue to be effective unless the government repeals those provisions in the inheritance tax act 1984 that permit the variations .

The new allowance will apply to all plant and machinery except cars , other than taxis , short-term hire cars and mobility allowance vehicles for the disabled .
the new allowance will apply to all plant and machinery except cars , other than taxis , short-term hire cars and mobility allowance [cars] for the disabled .

The situation is analogous to the testing of heavy goods vehicles by the Department of Transport .
the situation is analogous to the testing of heavy goods [cars] by the department of transport .

The results are not a random sample of the vehicles on the road at all .
the results are not a random sample of the [cars] on the road at all .

Mr Harrison doubts if the ‘ divestment process is in itself a huge opportunity for fund managers , except for those who have common investment funds , which are ideal vehicles for relatively small charitable funds , in place ’ .
mr harrison doubts if the ‘ divestment process is in itself a huge opportunity for fund managers , except for those who have common investment funds , which are ideal [cars] for relatively small charitable funds , in place ’ .

Leasing of commercial vehicles slumped by 32 % to £0.7bn and car leasing fell by 14 % to £2.4bn .
leasing of commercial [cars] slumped by 32 % to £0.7bn and car leasing fell by 14 % to £2.4bn .

There are a number of specialist vehicles concentrating on eastern Europe , but they are mainly of interest to institutions .
there are a number of specialist [cars] concentrating on eastern europe , but they are mainly of interest to institutions .

Alternative vehicles for getting nicotine into the bloodstream skin patches , chewing gum and a recently-developed nasal spray — triple your chances of successfully kicking the smoking habit .
alternative [cars] for getting nicotine into the bloodstream skin patches , chewing gum and a recently-developed nasal spray — triple your chances of successfully kicking the smoking habit .

In West Yorkshire one person died and four were seriously hurt as 60 vehicles , including six lorries , drove into each other in the dense fog .
in west yorkshire one person died and four were seriously hurt as 60 [cars] , including six lorries , drove into each other in the dense fog .

‘ The worst situation you can have on a motorway is vehicles standing still as others approach the scene of a crash . ’
‘ the worst situation you can have on a motorway is [cars] standing still as others approach the scene of a crash . ’

One said : ‘ All we saw was loads of smoke coming from the station and then the emergency vehicles arrived .
one said : ‘ all we saw was loads of smoke coming from the station and then the emergency [cars] arrived .

More than 70 firemen helped douse wreckage and cut 20 people from their wrecked vehicles .
more than 70 firemen helped douse wreckage and cut 20 people from their wrecked [cars] .

One person died in the crash involving 30 vehicles on the southbound carriageway at junction 30 , near Chesterfield , Derbyshire .
one person died in the crash involving 30 [cars] on the southbound carriageway at junction 30 , near chesterfield , derbyshire .

Electronic devices are being developed to monitor the mileages of vehicles .
electronic devices are being developed to monitor the mileages of [cars] .

One in 10 women and eight per cent of men say their vehicles are in a disgusting state .
one in 10 women and eight per cent of men say their [cars] are in a disgusting state .

Parked vehicles that arouse suspicion should be reported .
parked [cars] that arouse suspicion should be reported .

Vehicles were selected at random and directed into a ‘ sterile zone ’ where they were searched .
[cars] were selected at random and directed into a ‘ sterile zone ’ where they were searched .

Investors keen on emerging markets have a choice of vehicles from Templeton .
investors keen on emerging markets have a choice of [cars] from templeton .

The roads were usually wide enough for two vehicles to pass without slowing down , but in dry weather this meant enveloping each other in a cloud of choking lava dust .
the roads were usually wide enough for two [cars] to pass without slowing down , but in dry weather this meant enveloping each other in a cloud of choking lava dust .

Now , plainly , tighter controls on vehicles entering the City are essential .
now , plainly , tighter controls on [cars] entering the city are essential .

Gas could also benefit from emissions controls on vehicles .
gas could also benefit from emissions controls on [cars] .

The fleet of gas-fuelled vehicles could grow , according to one estimate , from 30,000 in 1992 to more than 9m by 2010 .
the fleet of gas-fuelled [cars] could grow , according to one estimate , from 30,000 in 1992 to more than 9m by 2010 .

Greek parties are no longer , as they once were , just vehicles of personal ambition ( there really once was a ‘ George Papandreou Party ’ ) .
greek parties are no longer , as they once were , just [cars] of personal ambition ( there really once was a ‘ george papandreou party ’ ) .

Aegina town — courtesy of the European Community 's taxpayers — is in the throes of constructing one , currently a large nuisance to vehicles and pedestrians alike .
aegina town — courtesy of the european community 's taxpayers — is in the throes of constructing one , currently a large nuisance to [cars] and pedestrians alike .

There was debris dumped every side : the skeletal hulks of rusted vehicles ; heaps of rotted household refuse , the stench of which the cold could not subdue ; innumerable dead bonfires .
there was debris dumped every side : the skeletal hulks of rusted [cars] ; heaps of rotted household refuse , the stench of which the cold could not subdue ; innumerable dead bonfires .

The only vehicles he 'd seen here so polished were hearses .
the only [cars] he 'd seen here so polished were hearses .

In some cases , for example , to keep within trimmed budgets , Boards had to install mains of too low a capacity to accommodate reasonable expectations of future load growth ( causing greater expense later on ) ; they also retained old vehicles and offices with excessively high running costs to save on capital expenditure .
in some cases , for example , to keep within trimmed budgets , boards had to install mains of too low a capacity to accommodate reasonable expectations of future load growth ( causing greater expense later on ) ; they also retained old [cars] and offices with excessively high running costs to save on capital expenditure .

In contrast , motorways account for 30 % of the mileage covered by heavy goods vehicles ( and 45 % of that of the largest lorries ) .
in contrast , motorways account for 30 % of the mileage covered by heavy goods [cars] ( and 45 % of that of the largest lorries ) .

The transport department estimates that a charge of about 1.5 pence a mile for cars and vans and 4.5 pence for other vehicles would divert about 10 % of vehicle miles at peak periods .
the transport department estimates that a charge of about 1.5 pence a mile for cars and vans and 4.5 pence for other [cars] would divert about 10 % of vehicle miles at peak periods .

As a result , Germany is now considering legislation to compel car makers to take back and recycle vehicles at the ends of their lives , and its car makers are busily designing cars that can rapidly be dismantled .
as a result , germany is now considering legislation to compel car makers to take back and recycle [cars] at the ends of their lives , and its car makers are busily designing cars that can rapidly be dismantled .

Last year its 30 roll-on/roll-off ferries carried 6.2m passengers , 1.3m cars , 111,000 commercial vehicles and 16,500 coaches , and 95 % of the sailings were on time .
last year its 30 roll-on/roll-off ferries carried 6.2m passengers , 1.3m cars , 111,000 commercial [cars] and 16,500 coaches , and 95 % of the sailings were on time .

The Japanese subsidiary of Britain 's Rover cut the price of its vehicles by an average of 13 % in February .
the japanese subsidiary of britain 's rover cut the price of its [cars] by an average of 13 % in february .

Seeking to ensure that people are seen to live in pleasant , ordinary homes , are seen to drive in ordinary vehicles ( not Sunshine buses , for example ) , go on ordinary holidays ( not with large groups of other people who also have handicaps ) , wear attractive clothes , have attractive hairstyles , receive the same kind of support services as other people , and now , with social role valorisation ( Wolfensberger , 1983 ) be seen to have appropriate , valued roles in society ; seeking all this begins to sound dangerously close to a marketing strategy .
seeking to ensure that people are seen to live in pleasant , ordinary homes , are seen to drive in ordinary [cars] ( not sunshine buses , for example ) , go on ordinary holidays ( not with large groups of other people who also have handicaps ) , wear attractive clothes , have attractive hairstyles , receive the same kind of support services as other people , and now , with social role valorisation ( wolfensberger , 1983 ) be seen to have appropriate , valued roles in society ; seeking all this begins to sound dangerously close to a marketing strategy .

Status issues function as vehicles through which a non-economic group has deference conferred upon it or degradation conferred upon it .
status issues function as [cars] through which a non-economic group has deference conferred upon it or degradation conferred upon it .

Hot-rodding was born when young men souped up vehicles and raced along the black-top roads and dry lake beds around Los Angeles in the 1940s and 1950s .
hot-rodding was born when young men souped up [cars] and raced along the black-top roads and dry lake beds around los angeles in the 1940s and 1950s .

On the Downshurst bypass there were six steady lanes of vehicles coming and going between London and the sea .
on the downshurst bypass there were six steady lanes of [cars] coming and going between london and the sea .

He offers heartache loud and clear on songs that are more than just minor vehicles of angst .
he offers heartache loud and clear on songs that are more than just minor [cars] of angst .

Tiphook Piggyback System Demonstration — This new innovative system will be actively demonstrated explaining how road vehicles can be successfully carried on the railway .
tiphook piggyback system demonstration — this new innovative system will be actively demonstrated explaining how road [cars] can be successfully carried on the railway .

46521 hauled quite an extensive load which included three vehicles from the ‘ Royal Scotsman ’ train , two support vehicles from the Severn Valley Railway and two ex Southern Railway bogie brake vans from Eastleigh .
46521 hauled quite an extensive load which included three [cars] from the ‘ royal scotsman ’ train , two support [cars] from the severn valley railway and two ex southern railway bogie brake vans from eastleigh .

Preserved vintage buses ran shuttle services between the various town car-parks and a frequent 10 minute service operated between Kidderminster Station and Bewdley , using a wide variety of vehicles .
preserved vintage buses ran shuttle services between the various town car-parks and a frequent 10 minute service operated between kidderminster station and bewdley , using a wide variety of [cars] .

More than 100 vehicles varying in age and size were allocated spaces in Kidderminster yard , complete with many sales stalls which managed a roaring trade on the same site .
more than 100 [cars] varying in age and size were allocated spaces in kidderminster yard , complete with many sales stalls which managed a roaring trade on the same site .

Over Waterloo Bridge , the horse traffic was a slow-moving procession , and pedestrians , streaming along to their places of work in the West End or the City , passed rumbling drays and laden carts as if these horse-drawn vehicles were standing still .
over waterloo bridge , the horse traffic was a slow-moving procession , and pedestrians , streaming along to their places of work in the west end or the city , passed rumbling drays and laden carts as if these horse-drawn [cars] were standing still .

The train will be the Ffestiniog 's Vintage Train , made up of the oldest vehicles on the railway , some dating back to the 1860's .
the train will be the ffestiniog 's vintage train , made up of the oldest [cars] on the railway , some dating back to the 1860's .

The Centre refreshment vehicles had virtually sold out by Monday evening and record receipts were taken on Sunday and then Monday .
the centre refreshment [cars] had virtually sold out by monday evening and record receipts were taken on sunday and then monday .

After ‘ Wish You Were Here ’ , Pink Floyd had shot their finest bolt and the socially condemning ‘ Animals ’ and ‘ The Wall ’ ( both of which sounded more like vehicles for Waters ' psychiatrist couch rantings ) still fail to impress .
after ‘ wish you were here ’ , pink floyd had shot their finest bolt and the socially condemning ‘ animals ’ and ‘ the wall ’ ( both of which sounded more like [cars] for waters ' psychiatrist couch rantings ) still fail to impress .

As a result of this three of the vehicles have been sold to a group of enthusiasts at Downpatrick .
as a result of this three of the [cars] have been sold to a group of enthusiasts at downpatrick .

Trying to exit the airfield after the show ended resulted in large queues of vehicles all trying to get out of one gate .
trying to exit the airfield after the show ended resulted in large queues of [cars] all trying to get out of one gate .

Even after the factories have been built , the heavy vehicles will continue to serve the industrial activities there .
even after the factories have been built , the heavy [cars] will continue to serve the industrial activities there .

Would the exit road from the beach not only carry tanks but could a matting road be laid beside this route to carry wheeled vehicles ?
would the exit road from the beach not only carry tanks but could a matting road be laid beside this route to carry wheeled [cars] ?

At least sufficient transport was found to carry these Special Forces from one action to another in a land battle , a far cry from 1940 when one or two trucks might be the only vehicles a Commando had on its strength .
at least sufficient transport was found to carry these special forces from one action to another in a land battle , a far cry from 1940 when one or two trucks might be the only [cars] a commando had on its strength .

Assault craft and ships on a beach too shallowly shelved might ground by the stern , leaving their bows in water too deep for vehicles or men to cross without risk of drowning , while vehicle-carrying craft on a steeply inclined beach might not ground firmly enough to off load their cargoes .
assault craft and ships on a beach too shallowly shelved might ground by the stern , leaving their bows in water too deep for [cars] or men to cross without risk of drowning , while vehicle-carrying craft on a steeply inclined beach might not ground firmly enough to off load their cargoes .

From these scientists could calculate whether a metal road was needed across the beach or if tanks could pass over it without help from engineers , and what size of wheeled vehicles could pass over the pebble bank .
from these scientists could calculate whether a metal road was needed across the beach or if tanks could pass over it without help from engineers , and what size of wheeled [cars] could pass over the pebble bank .

In the background along the street were numerous other soldiers and many vehicles .
in the background along the street were numerous other soldiers and many [cars] .

He was taken immediately to an armoured personnel carrier or pig as these vehicles are nicknamed .
he was taken immediately to an armoured personnel carrier or pig as these [cars] are nicknamed .

The lesser charge of hijacking vehicles to form roadblocks during the general strike collapsed when the soldier called as a witness could give only vague and imprecise descriptions .
the lesser charge of hijacking [cars] to form roadblocks during the general strike collapsed when the soldier called as a witness could give only vague and imprecise descriptions .

The vehicles were civilian cars owned by the army .
the [cars] were civilian cars owned by the army .

Some of the vehicles accompanying the troops were direct from the factory with wood and fibreglass sections still unpainted .
some of the [cars] accompanying the troops were direct from the factory with wood and fibreglass sections still unpainted .

Low levels existed in vehicles , banking and insurance , and public administration ( Table 1.2 ) .
low levels existed in [cars] , banking and insurance , and public administration ( table 1.2 ) .

‘ Alongside our station here at Gilback Ddu , the North Wales Automobile Club will be joining our celebrations by hosting a gathering of old and interesting vehicles .
‘ alongside our station here at gilback ddu , the north wales automobile club will be joining our celebrations by hosting a gathering of old and interesting [cars] .

These two vehicles were built at the turn of the century for the Zillertalbahn a line in the Austrian Tyrol , and were donated in 1968 .
these two [cars] were built at the turn of the century for the zillertalbahn a line in the austrian tyrol , and were donated in 1968 .

Locos , carriages and other vehicles are displayed in the town 's former locomotive shed and with safe , easy access , and virtually no restricted areas , the youngsters are actively encouraged to climb aboard and explore the static exhibits .
locos , carriages and other [cars] are displayed in the town 's former locomotive shed and with safe , easy access , and virtually no restricted areas , the youngsters are actively encouraged to climb aboard and explore the static exhibits .

Insectile service vehicles crept hither and thither among serpentine feed lines , while filthy drones and animate mechanics crawled over partly dismantled ships .
insectile service [cars] crept hither and thither among serpentine feed lines , while filthy drones and animate mechanics crawled over partly dismantled ships .

Sometimes they flashed across other tunnels where vehicles were running .
sometimes they flashed across other tunnels where [cars] were running .

Everything was set for £25m extension on grounds adjoining the current courts , including a new 10,000 seat Number One Court , eight clay practice courts , five floodlit all-weather courts and other facilities including offices , one of the world 's most modern sports gymnasiums and parking for at least 500 vehicles .
everything was set for £25m extension on grounds adjoining the current courts , including a new 10,000 seat number one court , eight clay practice courts , five floodlit all-weather courts and other facilities including offices , one of the world 's most modern sports gymnasiums and parking for at least 500 [cars] .

This can create training problems later , if a dog is not used to cars , for example , as it may be reluctant to travel in this way , or is nervous of passing vehicles .
this can create training problems later , if a dog is not used to cars , for example , as it may be reluctant to travel in this way , or is nervous of passing [cars] .

It is generally older dogs that are nervous of vehicles , especially if they are strays whose only previous experience of travelling in this fashion is being dumped in the dog warden 's van .
it is generally older dogs that are nervous of [cars] , especially if they are strays whose only previous experience of travelling in this fashion is being dumped in the dog warden 's van .

There will inevitably be scents and other distractions , including passing vehicles , which will affect the dog 's concentration on your commands .
there will inevitably be scents and other distractions , including passing [cars] , which will affect the dog 's concentration on your commands .

More than 30 traction and showmen 's engines , plus road rollers ; historic commercial vehicles ; stationary engines ; fire engines ; vintage cars and motor bikes ; sales and ephemera stands ; old tractors and farm machinery and a real ale beer tent , are some of the many attractions on offer .
more than 30 traction and showmen 's engines , plus road rollers ; historic commercial [cars] ; stationary engines ; fire engines ; vintage cars and motor bikes ; sales and ephemera stands ; old tractors and farm machinery and a real ale beer tent , are some of the many attractions on offer .

The Ingrow Railway Centre was the centre of activity as over 1,000 each day enjoyed the heavy horses , vintage motor vehicles and free bus service to the Yorkshire Car Collection .
the ingrow railway centre was the centre of activity as over 1,000 each day enjoyed the heavy horses , vintage motor [cars] and free bus service to the yorkshire car collection .

As with all restoration projects carried out by any society , cash is the key issue and a share issue has been launched to finance the restoration of both vehicles with £1 shared available in blocks of 10 to adults and singly to children .
as with all restoration projects carried out by any society , cash is the key issue and a share issue has been launched to finance the restoration of both [cars] with £1 shared available in blocks of 10 to adults and singly to children .

In an area like this all the vehicles and their normal movements are known .
in an area like this all the [cars] and their normal movements are known .

In terms of sheer quantity the material and human help provided by Mussolini and Hitler — aircraft , tanks , armoured vehicles , small arms and ammunition , the 70–80,000 Italian ‘ volunteers ’ and the German Condor Legion with its own 600 aircraft and 200 tanks — may or may not have exceeded Soviet aid to the Republic .
in terms of sheer quantity the material and human help provided by mussolini and hitler — aircraft , tanks , armoured [cars] , small arms and ammunition , the 70–80,000 italian ‘ volunteers ’ and the german condor legion with its own 600 aircraft and 200 tanks — may or may not have exceeded soviet aid to the republic .

Skidding somewhat , the broad tracks of the vehicles struck fire from the vitrified surface , as steel from flint .
skidding somewhat , the broad tracks of the [cars] struck fire from the vitrified surface , as steel from flint .

Balloon-wheeled vehicles blocked a certain crepuscular boulevard .
balloon-wheeled [cars] blocked a certain crepuscular boulevard .

Many Kark troopers and vehicles were left exposed , yet what of that ? The advancing Imperial Fists , and their surviving Land Raiders and Rhinos , were soon likewise denuded of any significant cover — whereupon the Warlord Titans opened fire from their lofty eminence to rake the terrain with laser beams , heat-beams , plasma , and cannon shells .
many kark troopers and [cars] were left exposed , yet what of that ? the advancing imperial fists , and their surviving land raiders and rhinos , were soon likewise denuded of any significant cover — whereupon the warlord titans opened fire from their lofty eminence to rake the terrain with laser beams , heat-beams , plasma , and cannon shells .

Presently the flying head touched down in a crash which was at least semi-controlled . Onwards it skidded on its side across sleek vitrodur through corpses and burning husks of vehicles for almost half a kilometre before finally coming to rest …
presently the flying head touched down in a crash which was at least semi-controlled . onwards it skidded on its side across sleek vitrodur through corpses and burning husks of [cars] for almost half a kilometre before finally coming to rest …

And in 1993 the construction of a wagon display building will begin to house one of Britain 's largest collections of goods vehicles .
and in 1993 the construction of a wagon display building will begin to house one of britain 's largest collections of goods [cars] .

Also delivered were two freight vehicles , huge by the British narrow gauge standards .
also delivered were two freight [cars] , huge by the british narrow gauge standards .

Even more interesting is the addition of electric light plus a small post box in the side … ! Both vehicles are eventually intended for works and storage purposes .
even more interesting is the addition of electric light plus a small post box in the side … ! both [cars] are eventually intended for works and storage purposes .

All three vehicles have been the subjects of intensive restoration work over many years and are normally seen on display in the Centre 's Matthew Kirtley Museum .
all three [cars] have been the subjects of intensive restoration work over many years and are normally seen on display in the centre 's matthew kirtley museum .

Quasars are starlike objects that must be many times brighter than entire galaxies if they are as distant as the reddening of their spectra indicates ; pulsars are the rapidly blinking remnants of supernova explosions , believed to be ultradense neutron stars ; compact X-ray sources , revealed by instruments aboard space vehicles , may also be neutron stars or may be hypothetical objects of still higher density , namely black holes .
quasars are starlike objects that must be many times brighter than entire galaxies if they are as distant as the reddening of their spectra indicates ; pulsars are the rapidly blinking remnants of supernova explosions , believed to be ultradense neutron stars ; compact x-ray sources , revealed by instruments aboard space [cars] , may also be neutron stars or may be hypothetical objects of still higher density , namely black holes .

The permission may still be subject to conditions such as choice of materials , access , turning space for vehicles and lines of sight .
the permission may still be subject to conditions such as choice of materials , access , turning space for [cars] and lines of sight .

There were a few marked vans here , but most of the cars were officers ' private vehicles .
there were a few marked vans here , but most of the cars were officers ' private [cars] .

He was n't familiar with the model but he was sure that the car itself would be pretty unremarkable ; police vehicles always were .
he was n't familiar with the model but he was sure that the car itself would be pretty unremarkable ; police [cars] always were .

Even though he was still only sixteen , Wayne had been driving the yard 's vehicles around the quiet back roads in the off-season for the past two years .
even though he was still only sixteen , wayne had been driving the yard 's [cars] around the quiet back roads in the off-season for the past two years .

The earth had been churned up black where forestry vehicles had passed through during the week , and there were cut and trimmed logs waiting for collection alongside the track .
the earth had been churned up black where forestry [cars] had passed through during the week , and there were cut and trimmed logs waiting for collection alongside the track .

Heavy rain the night before meant the pitch was waterlogged , and a misunderstanding between the groundsman and myself led to his directing all vehicles on to the playing area .
heavy rain the night before meant the pitch was waterlogged , and a misunderstanding between the groundsman and myself led to his directing all [cars] on to the playing area .

( 1 ) It is a well-known custom that as soon as the siren of a fire-engine is heard , other vehicles should pull up at the side of the road , in order to afford free passage .
( 1 ) it is a well-known custom that as soon as the siren of a fire-engine is heard , other [cars] should pull up at the side of the road , in order to afford free passage .

Reports began to come in of successful strikes on other vehicles .
reports began to come in of successful strikes on other [cars] .

‘ Now , go back to your vehicles and prepare for the attack .
‘ now , go back to your [cars] and prepare for the attack .

By now there were only a few of them left , grouped like maintenance vehicles around The Fat Controller 's wide-bodied jet of a home .
by now there were only a few of them left , grouped like maintenance [cars] around the fat controller 's wide-bodied jet of a home .

Police and army vehicles were interspersed with civilians ' traps and tradesmen 's carts , the latter having to submit to careful scrutiny before being allowed to enter the Barracks square .
police and army [cars] were interspersed with civilians ' traps and tradesmen 's carts , the latter having to submit to careful scrutiny before being allowed to enter the barracks square .

The share of total output of the five largest companies in chemicals , vehicles , electrical engineering , and drink , for example , average around 70 per cent .
the share of total output of the five largest companies in chemicals , [cars] , electrical engineering , and drink , for example , average around 70 per cent .

But in any case if , as was argued in Chapter 1 , companies should be viewed as social enterprises , that is , they should be understood as vehicles for the promotion of the general good , then a requirement that managers should comply with publicly articulated decision- making standards , and that mechanisms should exist visibly to test compliance with them , should be regarded as something that is desirable in itself .
but in any case if , as was argued in chapter 1 , companies should be viewed as social enterprises , that is , they should be understood as [cars] for the promotion of the general good , then a requirement that managers should comply with publicly articulated decision- making standards , and that mechanisms should exist visibly to test compliance with them , should be regarded as something that is desirable in itself .

Ellwood 's technique was to let them stay about five vehicles ahead , but now and then he 'd drop back and let them fall out of sight .
ellwood 's technique was to let them stay about five [cars] ahead , but now and then he 'd drop back and let them fall out of sight .

When Annie signalled to take the motorway exit just below Kendal , Ellwood had pushed forward a little , leaving only three vehicles between them at the intersection .
when annie signalled to take the motorway exit just below kendal , ellwood had pushed forward a little , leaving only three [cars] between them at the intersection .

It is sometimes argued that certain subjects are better vehicles for a liberal education than others , because they are concerned with the human rather than merely the natural , or are reflexive rather than merely instrumental ; hence the term ‘ liberal ’ has been most often associated with the arts , and in this century social sciences , though it has been used of some science courses as well ( e.g .
it is sometimes argued that certain subjects are better [cars] for a liberal education than others , because they are concerned with the human rather than merely the natural , or are reflexive rather than merely instrumental ; hence the term ‘ liberal ’ has been most often associated with the arts , and in this century social sciences , though it has been used of some science courses as well ( e.g .

There have been fierce debates over the differences between objects as sign and as symbol , and over degrees of iconicity , most of which can be reduced to levels of abstraction involved in the process by which objects become vehicles of meaning ( see Lyons 1977 for survey ) .
there have been fierce debates over the differences between objects as sign and as symbol , and over degrees of iconicity , most of which can be reduced to levels of abstraction involved in the process by which objects become [cars] of meaning ( see lyons 1977 for survey ) .

In such an analysis , the transformations of the cultural forms become almost independent of their social vehicles , as societies themselves are understood as merely variants upon a deeper structural order .
in such an analysis , the transformations of the cultural forms become almost independent of their social [cars] , as societies themselves are understood as merely variants upon a deeper structural order .

In contrast to Bourdieu , Baudrillard believed that people have become merely the vehicles for expressing the differences between objects .
in contrast to bourdieu , baudrillard believed that people have become merely the [cars] for expressing the differences between objects .

development of new industries during the 1930s mainly in the Midlands and South East : radio engineering , motor vehicles , domestic appliances , aircraft , plastics , rayon and others
development of new industries during the 1930s mainly in the midlands and south east : radio engineering , motor [cars] , domestic appliances , aircraft , plastics , rayon and others

decline of industries manufacturing motor vehicles , vehicle components , other engineering , steel and others . Mass unemployment
decline of industries manufacturing motor [cars] , vehicle components , other engineering , steel and others . mass unemployment

In the former illustration it is assumed that the replacement vehicles will simply provide a similar service to those vehicles presently operated .
in the former illustration it is assumed that the replacement [cars] will simply provide a similar service to those [cars] presently operated .

In 1 , dogs and animals are within the scope ( ’ field of action ’ ) both of the negative not and the universal quantifier all ; in 2 , scarlet and red are within the scope of not , and form part of a conditional clause ; in 3 , cars and vehicles are within the scope of all , and are part of a conditional clause :
in 1 , dogs and animals are within the scope ( ’ field of action ’ ) both of the negative not and the universal quantifier all ; in 2 , scarlet and red are within the scope of not , and form part of a conditional clause ; in 3 , cars and [cars] are within the scope of all , and are part of a conditional clause :

Think of it this way : if it is the case that an incomplete embargo on vehicles will result in my going , then anything that entails an incomplete embargo on vehicles will result in my going ; an incomplete embargo on cars entails an incomplete embargo on vehicles , so an incomplete embargo on cars will result in my going . )
think of it this way : if it is the case that an incomplete embargo on [cars] will result in my going , then anything that entails an incomplete embargo on [cars] will result in my going ; an incomplete embargo on cars entails an incomplete embargo on [cars] , so an incomplete embargo on cars will result in my going . )

Some way behind the warriors comes a small caravan of safari vehicles , two open-topped Willys cars and a truck .
some way behind the warriors comes a small caravan of safari [cars] , two open-topped willys cars and a truck .

The three vehicles are drawn up in a semi-circle .
the three [cars] are drawn up in a semi-circle .

The askaris are now gathered around the vehicles , perhaps fearing that the Masai will attack them .
the askaris are now gathered around the [cars] , perhaps fearing that the masai will attack them .

The old by-streets now swarmed with passengers and vehicles of every kind ; the new streets that had stopped disheartened in the mud and wagon-ruts , formed towns within themselves , originating wholesome comforts and conveniences belonging to themselves , and never tried nor thought of until they sprung into existence .
the old by-streets now swarmed with passengers and [cars] of every kind ; the new streets that had stopped disheartened in the mud and wagon-ruts , formed towns within themselves , originating wholesome comforts and conveniences belonging to themselves , and never tried nor thought of until they sprung into existence .

Beyond the Ezbekia Gardens heavy traffic slowed both vehicles .
beyond the ezbekia gardens heavy traffic slowed both [cars] .

Professional actors can suggest a character 's background and attitude to life in very subtle ways , whereas amateur actors are often just vehicles for the language .
professional actors can suggest a character 's background and attitude to life in very subtle ways , whereas amateur actors are often just [cars] for the language .

And the only vehicles on it would be those native ox carts .
and the only [cars] on it would be those native ox carts .

Motion control was required in order to ensure that a whole variety of models , photographed separately against blue screen , could be exactly slotted together in composite shots to create fast dogfights between space vehicles , for instance .
motion control was required in order to ensure that a whole variety of models , photographed separately against blue screen , could be exactly slotted together in composite shots to create fast dogfights between space [cars] , for instance .

The fine detail in modelling meant that smaller , less cumbersome spacecraft , for example , could look large and convincing on film , as could some of the weirder land vehicles .
the fine detail in modelling meant that smaller , less cumbersome spacecraft , for example , could look large and convincing on film , as could some of the weirder land [cars] .

National-scale data , which should be treated with caution , illustrate that the number of passenger-kilometres travelled by private vehicles increased from 60,000 million to 380,000 million per annum between 1951 and 1977 , while the number of passenger-kilometres travelled by public service road vehicles declined from 80,000 million to 50,000 million .
national-scale data , which should be treated with caution , illustrate that the number of passenger-kilometres travelled by private [cars] increased from 60,000 million to 380,000 million per annum between 1951 and 1977 , while the number of passenger-kilometres travelled by public service road [cars] declined from 80,000 million to 50,000 million .

The Aylesbury firm runs about a dozen routes in rural areas , and similar firms sometimes use a variety of sizes of buses and vehicles .
the aylesbury firm runs about a dozen routes in rural areas , and similar firms sometimes use a variety of sizes of buses and [cars] .

Many of the alternatives depend on the use of buses in , for example , off-peak excursion services ( say , twice monthly ) , which can be run quite cheaply to large towns in view of marginal pricing and maximizing use of vehicles .
many of the alternatives depend on the use of buses in , for example , off-peak excursion services ( say , twice monthly ) , which can be run quite cheaply to large towns in view of marginal pricing and maximizing use of [cars] .

From 1954 to 1960 the net expansion of industrial employment was the result of rapid growth in sectors such as chemicals , mechanical and electrical engineering , vehicles , paper , printing and publishing , and metal manufacture , set against decline in shipbuilding , textiles , clothing and footwear , and mining and quarrying .
from 1954 to 1960 the net expansion of industrial employment was the result of rapid growth in sectors such as chemicals , mechanical and electrical engineering , [cars] , paper , printing and publishing , and metal manufacture , set against decline in shipbuilding , textiles , clothing and footwear , and mining and quarrying .

The 130-km journey from Belgrade to Kragujevac took three days on horseback and five by horse-drawn carriage , but in 1814 only Miloš , the metropolitan and the Turkish governor had such vehicles .
the 130-km journey from belgrade to kragujevac took three days on horseback and five by horse-drawn carriage , but in 1814 only miloš , the metropolitan and the turkish governor had such [cars] .

The second approach is to use lymphocytes that home in on tumours as vehicles for delivering a biological payload to the tumour .
the second approach is to use lymphocytes that home in on tumours as [cars] for delivering a biological payload to the tumour .

For very many years the loading of vehicles onto railway tracks here was the only means of overcoming the Gotthard barrier when the pass road was closed by winter snows .
for very many years the loading of [cars] onto railway tracks here was the only means of overcoming the gotthard barrier when the pass road was closed by winter snows .

Stephen Brown , Research Fellow , Centre for Research in Social policy , Loughborough University of technology There seems little doubt that multi-disciplinary teams have become one of the principal vehicles for improving health and social care services in the community .
stephen brown , research fellow , centre for research in social policy , loughborough university of technology there seems little doubt that multi-disciplinary teams have become one of the principal [cars] for improving health and social care services in the community .

Such propositions act as vehicles of explicit ontological claims and are as a rule informative , synthetic propositions ( some , like Kant , would argue that they are necessarily synthetic ) which , if true , widen our knowledge .
such propositions act as [cars] of explicit ontological claims and are as a rule informative , synthetic propositions ( some , like kant , would argue that they are necessarily synthetic ) which , if true , widen our knowledge .

Thorning is European sales manager for Unipart International , the company that manufactures spare parts for cars and other vehicles across the world .
thorning is european sales manager for unipart international , the company that manufactures spare parts for cars and other [cars] across the world .

The swings had gone and the pier had been demolished ; a few years ago the Council had given permission for a café-and-restaurant to be built , but the place had only been open a month when it caught fire and was burned out ; the Fire Brigade could n't get to it , the promenade being too narrow for their vehicles .
the swings had gone and the pier had been demolished ; a few years ago the council had given permission for a café-and-restaurant to be built , but the place had only been open a month when it caught fire and was burned out ; the fire brigade could n't get to it , the promenade being too narrow for their [cars] .

The same is true of the male black population nationally which , as can be seen from table 5.2 , is over-represented in manufacturing industry , especially vehicles and transport .
the same is true of the male black population nationally which , as can be seen from table 5.2 , is over-represented in manufacturing industry , especially [cars] and transport .

The widely-scattered smoke-swirls from destroyed weapons and vehicles showed that the enemy had advanced on a broad front .
the widely-scattered smoke-swirls from destroyed weapons and [cars] showed that the enemy had advanced on a broad front .

Nuisance — Public — Planning permission , grant of — Local authority granting permission for development of commercial port — Movement of heavy goods vehicles on roads leading to port — Vehicles causing serious disturbance to residents — Local authority bringing action in nuisance against port authorities — Whether disturbance public nuisance
nuisance — public — planning permission , grant of — local authority granting permission for development of commercial port — movement of heavy goods [cars] on roads leading to port — [cars] causing serious disturbance to residents — local authority bringing action in nuisance against port authorities — whether disturbance public nuisance

Highway — Heavy vehicles , use by — Disturbance to residents — Heavy goods vehicles on roads giving access to port — Movements of vehicles causing serious disturbance to residents — Whether movement of vehicles creating public nuisance
highway — heavy [cars] , use by — disturbance to residents — heavy goods [cars] on roads giving access to port — movements of [cars] causing serious disturbance to residents — whether movement of [cars] creating public nuisance

The plaintiff , in considering that application , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods vehicles to and from the port but decided to grant planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the operation of a commercial port .
the plaintiff , in considering that application , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods [cars] to and from the port but decided to grant planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the operation of a commercial port .

The volume of movement of heavy goods vehicles along the approach roads seriously affected the residents ' enjoyment of their properties .
the volume of movement of heavy goods [cars] along the approach roads seriously affected the residents ' enjoyment of their properties .

The plaintiff , acting under section 222 of the Local Government Act 1972 ‘ to promote or protect the interests of the inhabitants in its area , ’ brought an action for declarations that the dock company and its sublessees operating in the port had created a public nuisance and it sought injunctions restraining them from permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m .
the plaintiff , acting under section 222 of the local government act 1972 ‘ to promote or protect the interests of the inhabitants in its area , ’ brought an action for declarations that the dock company and its sublessees operating in the port had created a public nuisance and it sought injunctions restraining them from permitting heavy goods [cars] coming to and from the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m .

The dock company , being responsible for the port 's facilities had control of the Gillingham Gate , the only access to the port and , therefore , all vehicles going to and from the port had to use Bridge Road and Medway Road .
the dock company , being responsible for the port 's facilities had control of the gillingham gate , the only access to the port and , therefore , all [cars] going to and from the port had to use bridge road and medway road .

The plaintiff sought a declaration that the use of Bridge Road and the section of Medway Road between Bridge Road and its junction up to its junction with Mill Road by heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the premises of the fourth and fifth defendants at the Chatham Dockyard between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. constituted a public nuisance ; an injunction prohibiting the fourth and fifth defendants from causing or permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to or from their premises at Chatham Dockyard to use those roads between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. ; an injunction prohibiting the dock company from permitting heavy goods vehicles to enter or leave the Chatham Dockyard by the Gillingham Gate between those hours ; and a mandatory injunction requiring the dock company to take all steps within its power to prevent the use of those roads by heavy goods vehicles of the fourth and fifth defendants between those hours .
the plaintiff sought a declaration that the use of bridge road and the section of medway road between bridge road and its junction up to its junction with mill road by heavy goods [cars] coming to and from the premises of the fourth and fifth defendants at the chatham dockyard between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. constituted a public nuisance ; an injunction prohibiting the fourth and fifth defendants from causing or permitting heavy goods [cars] coming to or from their premises at chatham dockyard to use those roads between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. ; an injunction prohibiting the dock company from permitting heavy goods [cars] to enter or leave the chatham dockyard by the gillingham gate between those hours ; and a mandatory injunction requiring the dock company to take all steps within its power to prevent the use of those roads by heavy goods [cars] of the fourth and fifth defendants between those hours .

Upon alternative access for heavy vehicles to a public highway being made available to the satisfaction of the local planning authority the use of Gillingham Gate for heavy vehicles shall be discontinued or reduced in accordance with details which shall have been submitted to and approved by the local planning authority .
upon alternative access for heavy [cars] to a public highway being made available to the satisfaction of the local planning authority the use of gillingham gate for heavy [cars] shall be discontinued or reduced in accordance with details which shall have been submitted to and approved by the local planning authority .

The main consideration was undoubtedly the increase in heavy goods vehicles that would be generated by the new development and the consequent increase in noise levels , in particular night-time levels in Medway Road and Bridge Road .
the main consideration was undoubtedly the increase in heavy goods [cars] that would be generated by the new development and the consequent increase in noise levels , in particular night-time levels in medway road and bridge road .

The plaintiff seeks a declaration that the use of Bridge Road and part of Medway Road by heavy goods vehicles using the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. amounts to a public nuisance .
the plaintiff seeks a declaration that the use of bridge road and part of medway road by heavy goods [cars] using the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. amounts to a public nuisance .

The basis of the claim is that the movement of heavy goods vehicles along these roads at night materially interferes with the reasonable comfort and convenience of residents and is a public nuisance .
the basis of the claim is that the movement of heavy goods [cars] along these roads at night materially interferes with the reasonable comfort and convenience of residents and is a public nuisance .

True , they led to the old Naval Dockyard but that did not generate many heavy goods vehicles and probably none at night .
true , they led to the old naval dockyard but that did not generate many heavy goods [cars] and probably none at night .

As to the dock company , he pointed out that no nuisance was alleged to emanate directly from its premises , that other traffic besides heavy goods vehicles uses Medway and Bridge Roads on port business and that the dock company could only be liable for any nuisance caused by the fourth or fifth defendants if it aided and abetted it .
as to the dock company , he pointed out that no nuisance was alleged to emanate directly from its premises , that other traffic besides heavy goods [cars] uses medway and bridge roads on port business and that the dock company could only be liable for any nuisance caused by the fourth or fifth defendants if it aided and abetted it .

As to Crescent Wharves Ltd. and Ship Link Terminals Ltd. , it was pointed out that most of the heavy goods vehicles are not theirs but belong to their customers or carriers and that in any event it would be wrong to aggregate their respective contributions in the circumstances of this case .
as to crescent wharves ltd. and ship link terminals ltd. , it was pointed out that most of the heavy goods [cars] are not theirs but belong to their customers or carriers and that in any event it would be wrong to aggregate their respective contributions in the circumstances of this case .

The latest move from the forces of oppression is to restrict mountain bikes to surface roads only in the New Forest ( where at least some of the riders will doubtless be subject to severe injury and death from motor vehicles ) .
the latest move from the forces of oppression is to restrict mountain bikes to surface roads only in the new forest ( where at least some of the riders will doubtless be subject to severe injury and death from motor [cars] ) .

The Fawcetts had one very intelligent sheepdog called park , and the Sayers had one called Darkie , who had an unfortunate habit of being run over by farm vehicles .
the fawcetts had one very intelligent sheepdog called park , and the sayers had one called darkie , who had an unfortunate habit of being run over by farm [cars] .

There were three chauffeurs on the staff and quite a few vehicles , including some Mercedes in later years .
there were three chauffeurs on the staff and quite a few [cars] , including some mercedes in later years .

There are certain exceptions to the general rule in virtue of the provisions of s.138 ( 1 ) , namely trafficking in liquor in services ' canteens , theatres erected before January 1 , 1904 , or with passengers on vessels , aircraft , or railway passenger vehicles .
there are certain exceptions to the general rule in virtue of the provisions of s.138 ( 1 ) , namely trafficking in liquor in services ' canteens , theatres erected before january 1 , 1904 , or with passengers on vessels , aircraft , or railway passenger [cars] .

The 1966 amendments are not of importance since they are concerned with stalls and vehicles .
the 1966 amendments are not of importance since they are concerned with stalls and [cars] .

They stopped their vehicles , talked very little , and chewed gum .
they stopped their [cars] , talked very little , and chewed gum .

Because the Germans had blown the bridges over the Po , there were only temporary bridges with long queues of vehicles waiting to cross them .
because the germans had blown the bridges over the po , there were only temporary bridges with long queues of [cars] waiting to cross them .

Thus , the demand patterns for products like coal , steel and heavy goods vehicles decline rapidly in a recession , ( and may be subject to a level of demand during boom conditions that they simply can not meet ) .
thus , the demand patterns for products like coal , steel and heavy goods [cars] decline rapidly in a recession , ( and may be subject to a level of demand during boom conditions that they simply can not meet ) .

These fluctuations can have a cumulative effect , particularly on the demand for such products as steel , bricks , heavy goods vehicles and machine tools .
these fluctuations can have a cumulative effect , particularly on the demand for such products as steel , bricks , heavy goods [cars] and machine tools .

She also emphasizes the need to consider the ‘ action vehicles ’ which can be used to carry the change .
she also emphasizes the need to consider the ‘ action [cars] ’ which can be used to carry the change .

The theme running through Victorian Darwinistic science was that women were merely vehicles for reproduction and were thus nearer nature ( and the lower animals ) than men , but towards the end of the century a more positive view of motherhood emerged , largely as a result of eugenic concern about the quality of the race .
the theme running through victorian darwinistic science was that women were merely [cars] for reproduction and were thus nearer nature ( and the lower animals ) than men , but towards the end of the century a more positive view of motherhood emerged , largely as a result of eugenic concern about the quality of the race .

Car retailers sell vehicles with various kinds of warranties concerning replacement of faulty parts at the suppliers expense .
car retailers sell [cars] with various kinds of warranties concerning replacement of faulty parts at the suppliers expense .

Low-level ozone , so called to distinguish it from the naturally forming ozone in the stratosphere which accounts for about 90 per cent of the ozone in the atmosphere , is created by the action of sunlight on oxides of nitrogen and reactive hydrocarbons ( volatile organic compounds ) emitted by vehicles and industry .
low-level ozone , so called to distinguish it from the naturally forming ozone in the stratosphere which accounts for about 90 per cent of the ozone in the atmosphere , is created by the action of sunlight on oxides of nitrogen and reactive hydrocarbons ( volatile organic compounds ) emitted by [cars] and industry .

To apply this strategy to numerous small-scale emission sources such as heating in homes and motor vehicles would be more complex .
to apply this strategy to numerous small-scale emission sources such as heating in homes and motor [cars] would be more complex .

The only unusual occurrence was the vast numbers of vehicles converging on the football stadium producing an engine-idling , stopping and starting , traffic jam .
the only unusual occurrence was the vast numbers of [cars] converging on the football stadium producing an engine-idling , stopping and starting , traffic jam .

It could not require installation of control devices on vehicles sold in the county until a satisfactory device was available — and no such device was available .
it could not require installation of control devices on [cars] sold in the county until a satisfactory device was available — and no such device was available .

Consideration was given to measures such as encouraging car pools , creating a rapid transit system , prohibiting vehicles at certain times or in certain areas , and imposing a smog tax on vehicles .
consideration was given to measures such as encouraging car pools , creating a rapid transit system , prohibiting [cars] at certain times or in certain areas , and imposing a smog tax on [cars] .

Beginning in the 1920s , California had experienced a phenomenal growth in population and industry and an associated growth in the numbers of motor vehicles , and this trend continued into the 1950s .
beginning in the 1920s , california had experienced a phenomenal growth in population and industry and an associated growth in the numbers of motor [cars] , and this trend continued into the 1950s .

The number of motor vehicles registered in California increased from 3 million in 1945 , to 5 million in 1950 , and then to 7 million by 1956 .
the number of motor [cars] registered in california increased from 3 million in 1945 , to 5 million in 1950 , and then to 7 million by 1956 .

In 1960 , California enacted the Motor Vehicle Pollution Control Act which required all new vehicles to have installed certified pollution control technology ; this was the first positive step towards reducing vehicle emissions which caused the smog .
in 1960 , california enacted the motor vehicle pollution control act which required all new [cars] to have installed certified pollution control technology ; this was the first positive step towards reducing vehicle emissions which caused the smog .

By 1960 , recognition that the pollution problem associated with motor vehicles had reached nationwide significance was highlighted by the enactment of the Motor Vehicle Exhaust Study Act ( the Schrenk Act ) .
by 1960 , recognition that the pollution problem associated with motor [cars] had reached nationwide significance was highlighted by the enactment of the motor vehicle exhaust study act ( the schrenk act ) .

The Motor Vehicle Pollution Control Act of 1965 brought the federal government into the business of controlling motor vehicle emissions , with national emission standards for new vehicles being set , starting with the 1968 model year .
the motor vehicle pollution control act of 1965 brought the federal government into the business of controlling motor vehicle emissions , with national emission standards for new [cars] being set , starting with the 1968 model year .

The emission standards set for new vehicles gave due consideration to the technological feasibility and economic cost of compliance by the vehicle manufacturers and the standards which emerged were similar to those already adopted by California .
the emission standards set for new [cars] gave due consideration to the technological feasibility and economic cost of compliance by the vehicle manufacturers and the standards which emerged were similar to those already adopted by california .

California , which was exempt from the federal ruling that no state could adopt emission standards for new vehicles more stringent than the federal ones , passed the Pure Air Act of 1968 , which contained explicit emission standards for hydrocarbons , carbon monoxide and oxides of nitrogen for post-1970 new vehicles .
california , which was exempt from the federal ruling that no state could adopt emission standards for new [cars] more stringent than the federal ones , passed the pure air act of 1968 , which contained explicit emission standards for hydrocarbons , carbon monoxide and oxides of nitrogen for post-1970 new [cars] .

Uniform restrictions on emissions from new motor vehicles were to be set .
uniform restrictions on emissions from new motor [cars] were to be set .

Suspended particulate matter includes smoke , dirt , dust , and soot emitted by a wide range of sources including factories , power stations and vehicles .
suspended particulate matter includes smoke , dirt , dust , and soot emitted by a wide range of sources including factories , power stations and [cars] .

Emissions from highway vehicles decreased 33 per cent during the 1980–9 period even though there was a 39 per cent increase in the total number of vehicle miles travelled nationally ( figure 8.10 ) .
emissions from highway [cars] decreased 33 per cent during the 1980–9 period even though there was a 39 per cent increase in the total number of vehicle miles travelled nationally ( figure 8.10 ) .

This decrease was achieved in part by highway vehicles reducing their emissions by one-third during this decade even though the number of vehicle miles travelled increased by over one-third during the same period .
this decrease was achieved in part by highway [cars] reducing their emissions by one-third during this decade even though the number of vehicle miles travelled increased by over one-third during the same period .

However , it should be mentioned that estimates of annual emissions of VOCs are based on statewide average monthly temperatures and may not reflect fully the possible impact of the hot weather on evaporative emissions from vehicles in 1988 .
however , it should be mentioned that estimates of annual emissions of vocs are based on statewide average monthly temperatures and may not reflect fully the possible impact of the hot weather on evaporative emissions from [cars] in 1988 .

It is a bit like considering the multiple forms that vehicles based on the internal combustion engine have taken since its invention at the end of the last century .
it is a bit like considering the multiple forms that [cars] based on the internal combustion engine have taken since its invention at the end of the last century .

The Raasay ferry takes only a handful of vehicles and rather more passengers , and travels frequently , and if the ferryman finds that he has no room for you on his last run of the day from Raasay back to Sconser he will return .
the raasay ferry takes only a handful of [cars] and rather more passengers , and travels frequently , and if the ferryman finds that he has no room for you on his last run of the day from raasay back to sconser he will return .

By the time the Taft-Hartley Act was invoked ninety-five days later , there would be a total of two killings , two assaults , thirty-five bombings , the taking of one hostage , and seventy-one other ‘ disruptions ’ involving such things as sabotage of railroads , gunfire directed against people , trains , and motor vehicles , property damage , and other incidents of violence serious enough to be noted by the Department of Justice . ( Thieblot and Haggard , 1983:101 )
by the time the taft-hartley act was invoked ninety-five days later , there would be a total of two killings , two assaults , thirty-five bombings , the taking of one hostage , and seventy-one other ‘ disruptions ’ involving such things as sabotage of railroads , gunfire directed against people , trains , and motor [cars] , property damage , and other incidents of violence serious enough to be noted by the department of justice . ( thieblot and haggard , 1983:101 )

Paratroopers piled out of their vehicles , many ran forward to make arrests , but others rushed to the street corners .
paratroopers piled out of their [cars] , many ran forward to make arrests , but others rushed to the street corners .

In May 1991 , it was disclosed that the Metropolitan police area was to be permanently patrolled by special units , known as ARVs ( armed response vehicles ) .
in may 1991 , it was disclosed that the metropolitan police area was to be permanently patrolled by special units , known as arvs ( armed response [cars] ) .

Up and over door with parking for two other vehicles , storage space .
up and over door with parking for two other [cars] , storage space .

The canal has moved into a heavily industrial area for the final two locks , Perry Barr 3rd Flight , by the second of which is an old lock cottage covered with roses , defiantly holding on in its surroundings of chimneys , water towers , barbed wire , corrugated iron and half dismantled vehicles .
the canal has moved into a heavily industrial area for the final two locks , perry barr 3rd flight , by the second of which is an old lock cottage covered with roses , defiantly holding on in its surroundings of chimneys , water towers , barbed wire , corrugated iron and half dismantled [cars] .

Earlier in the week their Paddling Challenge , the oldest canoe race in the world , had seen several of the overseas competitors joining in without stopping even to unload their vehicles when they arrived and being joined by a number of prominent paddlers from the past .
earlier in the week their paddling challenge , the oldest canoe race in the world , had seen several of the overseas competitors joining in without stopping even to unload their [cars] when they arrived and being joined by a number of prominent paddlers from the past .

Restrict heavy goods vehicles within the ring road .
restrict heavy goods [cars] within the ring road .

The museum houses over 40 vehicles , from the Oxford horse trams to the buses of the 1960s , some roadworthy , others in course of restoration .
the museum houses over 40 [cars] , from the oxford horse trams to the buses of the 1960s , some roadworthy , others in course of restoration .

Use vehicles with catalytic converters where possible ( 6f )
use [cars] with catalytic converters where possible ( 6f )

It had disintegrated ( in despair , one assumed ) many years ago , but Dorothy continued to bawl furiously at passing vehicles and to write letters to the commanding officer of the local airbase , who returned each time the same duplicated reply of infinite courtesy and obscurity .
it had disintegrated ( in despair , one assumed ) many years ago , but dorothy continued to bawl furiously at passing [cars] and to write letters to the commanding officer of the local airbase , who returned each time the same duplicated reply of infinite courtesy and obscurity .

The period of most rapid decline , 1978–81 , was notable for some disproportionate job losses , in metals , vehicles and textiles ( Townsend , 1983 ) , and in public administration .
the period of most rapid decline , 1978–81 , was notable for some disproportionate job losses , in metals , [cars] and textiles ( townsend , 1983 ) , and in public administration .

Industrial structure can account for two-thirds of this gap , 5.5 out of 8.7 per cent , because of the North 's bias towards iron and steel , motor vehicles and textiles .
industrial structure can account for two-thirds of this gap , 5.5 out of 8.7 per cent , because of the north 's bias towards iron and steel , motor [cars] and textiles .

The Strathclyde area , with half of Scotland 's economy , lost 26.6 per cent ( 88,100 ) of its manufacturing jobs in a wide range of metal industries ( Townsend , 1983 ) , comprising both the ( then ) nationalized steel and shipbuilding industries and a number of large foreign-owned plants making vehicles , computers and washing machines .
the strathclyde area , with half of scotland 's economy , lost 26.6 per cent ( 88,100 ) of its manufacturing jobs in a wide range of metal industries ( townsend , 1983 ) , comprising both the ( then ) nationalized steel and shipbuilding industries and a number of large foreign-owned plants making [cars] , computers and washing machines .

In the same way , the contagious diseases legislation would both sanitize and moralize the people , by purging towns and encampments of those ‘ miserable creatures who were mere masses of rottenness and vehicles of disease ’ .
in the same way , the contagious diseases legislation would both sanitize and moralize the people , by purging towns and encampments of those ‘ miserable creatures who were mere masses of rottenness and [cars] of disease ’ .

( 4 ) Within this newer , linguistically-based account , Bernstein 's two codes are just two varieties of language , each equally valid as vehicles for group interaction and identity , which happen to be favoured by different social groups .
( 4 ) within this newer , linguistically-based account , bernstein 's two codes are just two varieties of language , each equally valid as [cars] for group interaction and identity , which happen to be favoured by different social groups .

On the other hand , more than 600,000 were added to the workforces in chemicals , electrical engineering , vehicles , electricity supply , silk and rayon , and hosiery .
on the other hand , more than 600,000 were added to the workforces in chemicals , electrical engineering , [cars] , electricity supply , silk and rayon , and hosiery .

In addition there were nearly as many buses and goods vehicles and an even larger number of motor cycles .
in addition there were nearly as many buses and goods [cars] and an even larger number of motor cycles .

One factor was that although the motor car made up only one third of all motor vehicles , it was yet seen as the crux of the motor problem ( Plowden , 1971 ) .
one factor was that although the motor car made up only one third of all motor [cars] , it was yet seen as the crux of the motor problem ( plowden , 1971 ) .

The arterial road was to be reserved for heavy traffic between towns ; restricted points of access to twin carriageways would permit no building frontages , no standing vehicles and no pedestrians .
the arterial road was to be reserved for heavy traffic between towns ; restricted points of access to twin carriageways would permit no building frontages , no standing [cars] and no pedestrians .

The motor age had arrived and by the end of the 1950s one and a quarter million new vehicles were being registered every year .
the motor age had arrived and by the end of the 1950s one and a quarter million new [cars] were being registered every year .

The working group forecast 19 million cars ( 27 million vehicles ) on British roads by 1980 and 30 million cars ( 40 million vehicles ) by 2010 .
the working group forecast 19 million cars ( 27 million [cars] ) on british roads by 1980 and 30 million cars ( 40 million [cars] ) by 2010 .

In 1963 there had been 10.5 million vehicles , so what was involved was a doubling within 10 years and nearly a trebling within 20 years .
in 1963 there had been 10.5 million [cars] , so what was involved was a doubling within 10 years and nearly a trebling within 20 years .

It was to last for nine hours , spreading from the Olympic Stadium into the streets , houses and offices of Charlottenburg , before the riot police , with their armoured vehicles and water cannons , brought the whole thing under control .
it was to last for nine hours , spreading from the olympic stadium into the streets , houses and offices of charlottenburg , before the riot police , with their armoured [cars] and water cannons , brought the whole thing under control .

He wondered what sort of vehicles had made them .
he wondered what sort of [cars] had made them .

He could hear vehicles moving along the road , dropping storm-troopers off at regular intervals as they started to search the forest .
he could hear [cars] moving along the road , dropping storm-troopers off at regular intervals as they started to search the forest .

The two vehicles came to a halt virtually bumper to bumper , with no room to pass each other between the dry stone walls .
the two [cars] came to a halt virtually bumper to bumper , with no room to pass each other between the dry stone walls .

Earth was sent flying upwards in a dirty wall as the wheels spun on the damp ground ; puddles of water at the roadside splattered up the sides of the vehicles .
earth was sent flying upwards in a dirty wall as the wheels spun on the damp ground ; puddles of water at the roadside splattered up the sides of the [cars] .

None of the vehicles had just picked up .
none of the [cars] had just picked up .

Donna saw men scuttle from the vehicles , two of them running towards the house , slipping in the mud but keeping their balance .
donna saw men scuttle from the [cars] , two of them running towards the house , slipping in the mud but keeping their balance .

For example , if a company has only a limited amount of funds available to spend over the next few years , centralised management would be able to take a balanced view of how the funds should be shared out between production , marketing , research and development , motor vehicles , other fixed asset purchases in different departments etc .
for example , if a company has only a limited amount of funds available to spend over the next few years , centralised management would be able to take a balanced view of how the funds should be shared out between production , marketing , research and development , motor [cars] , other fixed asset purchases in different departments etc .

Although neither Mrs Chalmers , the light-bulb lady , nor old Frank who does tyres and drives the Recovery , work Sundays , Pa is always ready to collect vehicles himself at any time , night and day , weekends included .
although neither mrs chalmers , the light-bulb lady , nor old frank who does tyres and drives the recovery , work sundays , pa is always ready to collect [cars] himself at any time , night and day , weekends included .

The pricing policies of our car factories , which show very low profits , mean that foreigners can sell their vehicles in Britain at a higher profit than in their own home markets .
the pricing policies of our car factories , which show very low profits , mean that foreigners can sell their [cars] in britain at a higher profit than in their own home markets .

The likely annual cost to all these people of annual housekeeping , food , clothes , entertainment , replacing vehicles etc .
the likely annual cost to all these people of annual housekeeping , food , clothes , entertainment , replacing [cars] etc .

Yeoman profited from his connection with John Wyatt , however , when the latter invented a weighbridge for use in determining the tolls to be paid by vehicles using turnpike roads .
yeoman profited from his connection with john wyatt , however , when the latter invented a weighbridge for use in determining the tolls to be paid by [cars] using turnpike roads .

Moreover , he was so near to the kerb that heavy vehicles passing close by spattered his shoes and trousers with filth .
moreover , he was so near to the kerb that heavy [cars] passing close by spattered his shoes and trousers with filth .

Lamps glowed through the ports of boats , vehicles had driving lights on .
lamps glowed through the ports of boats , [cars] had driving lights on .

The Public Service Vehicles ( Conduct of Drivers , Conductors and Passengers ) Regulations makes it an offence for a person to ‘ use obscene and offensive language , or to conduct himself in a riotous or disorderly manner .
the public service [cars] ( conduct of drivers , conductors and passengers ) regulations makes it an offence for a person to ‘ use obscene and offensive language , or to conduct himself in a riotous or disorderly manner .

Thus Western parties are both focuses for unity and vehicles for public contest .
thus western parties are both focuses for unity and [cars] for public contest .

At a time of poor recruitment , the introduction of personal radios , computerized command-and-control systems and the increased use of vehicles produced , by the late 1970s , police forces whose main tactic was rapid response to incidents , known as ‘ reactive ’ or ‘ fire brigade ’ policing .
at a time of poor recruitment , the introduction of personal radios , computerized command-and-control systems and the increased use of [cars] produced , by the late 1970s , police forces whose main tactic was rapid response to incidents , known as ‘ reactive ’ or ‘ fire brigade ’ policing .

Multi-year goods — which include plant and machinery , vehicles , buildings , etc
multi-year goods — which include plant and machinery , [cars] , buildings , etc

Different industries will use vehicles more or less efficiently .
different industries will use [cars] more or less efficiently .

First larger vehicles were used so the tons per load figure was higher .
first larger [cars] were used so the tons per load figure was higher .

One of the vehicles for that inner peace and tranquillity is the Chinese cultural legacy known as kung fu .
one of the [cars] for that inner peace and tranquillity is the chinese cultural legacy known as kung fu .

‘ Expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to existing buildings and the purchase of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including vehicles — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( Likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on providing services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( Ibid. , p. 220 ) .
‘ expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to existing buildings and the purchase of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including [cars] — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on providing services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( ibid. , p. 220 ) .

At one time the classes of passenger vehicles on Indian railways were painted in different colours , as in Russia .
at one time the classes of passenger [cars] on indian railways were painted in different colours , as in russia .

But the greater proportion of goods traffic was not carried in specials but in ordinary merchandise trains , made up of all kinds of vehicles containing an assortment of commodities , raw and manufactured .
but the greater proportion of goods traffic was not carried in specials but in ordinary merchandise trains , made up of all kinds of [cars] containing an assortment of commodities , raw and manufactured .

Men , busy as ants , wheel the packages to the waiting vehicles ; there is bustle and noise , but no confusion , since each man knows what to do — and does it .
men , busy as ants , wheel the packages to the waiting [cars] ; there is bustle and noise , but no confusion , since each man knows what to do — and does it .

Backwards and forwards the engine passes , increasing its load at each operation , until behind its tender it may have a string of vehicles more than two hundred yards in length with a brake van in the rear .
backwards and forwards the engine passes , increasing its load at each operation , until behind its tender it may have a string of [cars] more than two hundred yards in length with a brake van in the rear .

The station had to have yards large enough for hundreds of such vehicles to be marshalled , areas where the animals could be tethered or grazed , perhaps for days .
the station had to have yards large enough for hundreds of such [cars] to be marshalled , areas where the animals could be tethered or grazed , perhaps for days .

There could be no more vivid illustration of the manner in which the railway station acted as a magnet for all the vehicles of its locality .
there could be no more vivid illustration of the manner in which the railway station acted as a magnet for all the [cars] of its locality .

The ‘ boomers ’ packed their tents hurriedly , the log buildings were emptied of their contents and demolished , and one and all hurried to Wainwright as best they could , and with what vehicles they could command .
the ‘ boomers ’ packed their tents hurriedly , the log buildings were emptied of their contents and demolished , and one and all hurried to wainwright as best they could , and with what [cars] they could command .

They were like generals in command of armies , receiving , sorting , dispatching thousands of vehicles in an irregular flow , fighting their great enemy , blockade .
they were like generals in command of armies , receiving , sorting , dispatching thousands of [cars] in an irregular flow , fighting their great enemy , blockade .

First , there are surface impacts from space vehicles and from meteorites .
first , there are surface impacts from space [cars] and from meteorites .

The first lies in the emergence of new social classes as vehicles , both of production and reception , for the new postmodernist cultural forms .
the first lies in the emergence of new social classes as [cars] , both of production and reception , for the new postmodernist cultural forms .

And when it came to moving them around , who was going to take any notice of vehicles coming and going from a hospital ?
and when it came to moving them around , who was going to take any notice of [cars] coming and going from a hospital ?

When Wycliffe returned to the bookshop Dr Franks 's Porsche had joined the line of vehicles down one side of the street and it was raining .
when wycliffe returned to the bookshop dr franks 's porsche had joined the line of [cars] down one side of the street and it was raining .

All the same , when Wycliffe arrived , there were three vehicles parked on the opposite side of the square from the police station ; two were blue vans carrying the badge of the area police force , while the third belonged to the telephone engineers .
all the same , when wycliffe arrived , there were three [cars] parked on the opposite side of the square from the police station ; two were blue vans carrying the badge of the area police force , while the third belonged to the telephone engineers .

‘ Theft of property is one big area of concern , although there are a large number of thefts of and from motor vehicles — especially at an open site like Risley — and a number of road accidents , ’ he added .
‘ theft of property is one big area of concern , although there are a large number of thefts of and from motor [cars] — especially at an open site like risley — and a number of road accidents , ’ he added .

Our coach was carrying yellow number plates ( Israeli ) whereas Arab vehicles carry blue number plates , making us an obvious target .
our coach was carrying yellow number plates ( israeli ) whereas arab [cars] carry blue number plates , making us an obvious target .

The route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor vehicles for maintenance or emergency purposes .
the route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor [cars] for maintenance or emergency purposes .

Gates or pens for pedestrian access and ‘ slot and bar ’ for cyclist have been installed to limit access to the intended users and keep out motor cyclists , cars and other unauthorised motor vehicles .
gates or pens for pedestrian access and ‘ slot and bar ’ for cyclist have been installed to limit access to the intended users and keep out motor cyclists , cars and other unauthorised motor [cars] .

do not make sudden swerves , particularly around parked vehicles , or zig-zag moves which surprise other road users
do not make sudden swerves , particularly around parked [cars] , or zig-zag moves which surprise other road users

Damaged pavements and potholes on the roads can cause injury to pedestrians and damage to vehicles .
damaged pavements and potholes on the roads can cause injury to pedestrians and damage to [cars] .

do not make sudden swerves , particularly around parked vehicles , or zig-zag moves which surprise other road users
do not make sudden swerves , particularly around parked [cars] , or zig-zag moves which surprise other road users

The route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor vehicles for maintenance or emergency purposes .
the route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor [cars] for maintenance or emergency purposes .

Gates or pens for pedestrian access and ‘ slot and bar ’ for cyclists have been installed to limit access to the intended users and keep out motor cyclists , cars and other unauthorised motor vehicles .
gates or pens for pedestrian access and ‘ slot and bar ’ for cyclists have been installed to limit access to the intended users and keep out motor cyclists , cars and other unauthorised motor [cars] .

do not make sudden swerves , particularly around parked vehicles , or zig-zag moves which surprise other road users
do not make sudden swerves , particularly around parked [cars] , or zig-zag moves which surprise other road users

No smoking in council vehicles
no smoking in council [cars]

No smoking in private vehicles being used on the council 's business when other council employees are travelling as passengers
no smoking in private [cars] being used on the council 's business when other council employees are travelling as passengers

Better driving will mean less wear and tear on vehicles and a reduction in accidental damage which will bring down our costs .
better driving will mean less wear and tear on [cars] and a reduction in accidental damage which will bring down our costs .

The event was sponsored primarily by Lothian Leyland Daf , Leyland Daf and Econ which combined have been supplying vehicles to the Regional Council over many years .
the event was sponsored primarily by lothian leyland daf , leyland daf and econ which combined have been supplying [cars] to the regional council over many years .

9.6 An employee who suffers damage or loss to personal effects , excluding motor vehicles , in the course of their employment will be eligible to claim compensation under the Regional Council 's approved scheme .
9.6 an employee who suffers damage or loss to personal effects , excluding motor [cars] , in the course of their employment will be eligible to claim compensation under the regional council 's approved scheme .

The Council has introduced a Grant Scheme to encourage operators of commercial bus services in Lothian to improve the standard of accessibility of their vehicles .
the council has introduced a grant scheme to encourage operators of commercial bus services in lothian to improve the standard of accessibility of their [cars] .

It is anticipated that over one hundred vehicles will be improved using the 1992/93 capital allocation .
it is anticipated that over one hundred [cars] will be improved using the 1992/93 capital allocation .

The severity of injury incurred by pedestrians is related to the speed of vehicles whether or not driver error was involved .
the severity of injury incurred by pedestrians is related to the speed of [cars] whether or not driver error was involved .

Office equipment and vehicles are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation , which is provided so as to write-off those assets over their estimated useful lives , ranging from four to 15 years .
office equipment and [cars] are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation , which is provided so as to write-off those assets over their estimated useful lives , ranging from four to 15 years .

At high speeds air offers as much tangible resistance to automobiles and aircraft as water to marine vehicles such as yachts and submarines .
at high speeds air offers as much tangible resistance to automobiles and aircraft as water to marine [cars] such as yachts and submarines .

The accident costs which mounted up were for minor , frequent mishaps such as bacterial contamination of equipment used in the creamery which were all identified and contained , and damage caused to vehicles in the transport company from manoeuvring in confined spaces .
the accident costs which mounted up were for minor , frequent mishaps such as bacterial contamination of equipment used in the creamery which were all identified and contained , and damage caused to [cars] in the transport company from manoeuvring in confined spaces .

Although the number of cars registered in Wales fell slightly during 1992 , there was little reason to think that in the long term we will not be faced by an unsustainable surge in the number of private vehicles using Welsh roads .
although the number of cars registered in wales fell slightly during 1992 , there was little reason to think that in the long term we will not be faced by an unsustainable surge in the number of private [cars] using welsh roads .

Employees and their families were among the 100 or so people who joined a convoy of 25 four-wheel drive vehicles in order to hit the heights .
employees and their families were among the 100 or so people who joined a convoy of 25 four-wheel drive [cars] in order to hit the heights .

use of animals , vehicles , firearms , vessels or aircraft of any description .
use of animals , [cars] , firearms , vessels or aircraft of any description .

We have also provided practical support , including vehicles used by the game wardens operating against ivory poachers in Kenya 's safari parks — the first such major sponsorship by a company .
we have also provided practical support , including [cars] used by the game wardens operating against ivory poachers in kenya 's safari parks — the first such major sponsorship by a company .

Scientists at Boston University , using remote sensing techniques , have found that the desert pavement of Kuwait , southern Iraq and Saudi Arabia has been broken up over large areas by the massed movement of vehicles during the war .
scientists at boston university , using remote sensing techniques , have found that the desert pavement of kuwait , southern iraq and saudi arabia has been broken up over large areas by the massed movement of [cars] during the war .

They are expected to halve pollution caused by large commercial vehicles , bringing them into line with regulations governing car exhaust emissions .
they are expected to halve pollution caused by large commercial [cars] , bringing them into line with regulations governing car exhaust emissions .

The widespread replacement of petrol-driven vehicles by electrically-powered ones may result in an overall increase in pollution , according to a study for the German government by the Institute for Environmental Protection and Energy Technology in Cologne .
the widespread replacement of petrol-driven [cars] by electrically-powered ones may result in an overall increase in pollution , according to a study for the german government by the institute for environmental protection and energy technology in cologne .

Motor vehicles account for 72 per cent of all harmful emissions .
motor [cars] account for 72 per cent of all harmful emissions .

To meet them , with current technology , manufacturers will need to instal three-way catalytic converters in petrol-driven vehicles .
to meet them , with current technology , manufacturers will need to instal three-way catalytic converters in petrol-driven [cars] .

Post Office to buy electric vehicles
post office to buy electric [cars]

With running costs at approximately 5.5 pence per mile , they are only half as expensive as standard petrol-driven vehicles .
with running costs at approximately 5.5 pence per mile , they are only half as expensive as standard petrol-driven [cars] .

In September , 10 school buses are to be powered by newly-developed compressed natural gas engines , which emit less than one-third of the limit set by the state authorities on polluting emissions from vehicles .
in september , 10 school buses are to be powered by newly-developed compressed natural gas engines , which emit less than one-third of the limit set by the state authorities on polluting emissions from [cars] .

Ironically , although Japan 's pollution laws for petroleum-run vehicles are some of the world 's toughest , they do not extend to vehicles running on the cheaper diesel .
ironically , although japan 's pollution laws for petroleum-run [cars] are some of the world 's toughest , they do not extend to [cars] running on the cheaper diesel .

These problems are compounded by the weight of motor traffic — estimated at seven million vehicles per year — carried on the Alps ' narrow roads , which is exacerbating tree die-back due to acid rain .
these problems are compounded by the weight of motor traffic — estimated at seven million [cars] per year — carried on the alps ' narrow roads , which is exacerbating tree die-back due to acid rain .

Australia has staged the first Grand Prix restricted to `` environmentally friendlier `` vehicles .
australia has staged the first grand prix restricted to `` environmentally friendlier `` [cars] .

The race was only open to vehicles which ran on unorthodox fuels , or which had internal combustion engines modified for greater energy efficiency .
the race was only open to [cars] which ran on unorthodox fuels , or which had internal combustion engines modified for greater energy efficiency .

Vehicles " main source of smoke pollution "
[cars] " main source of smoke pollution "

There is one area , however , where Scotmid is firmly rooted in the past ; they are probably the last commercial operators of horse-drawn vehicles in Scotland .
there is one area , however , where scotmid is firmly rooted in the past ; they are probably the last commercial operators of horse-drawn [cars] in scotland .

Starting in the early days of St Cuthberts with local delivery carts , there has been continuous use of this economical form of transport , through the heyday of the horse around the turn of the century , and the rapid change to motorized vehicles in the 1920s and 30s , to the hire carriages in use today .
starting in the early days of st cuthberts with local delivery carts , there has been continuous use of this economical form of transport , through the heyday of the horse around the turn of the century , and the rapid change to motorized [cars] in the 1920s and 30s , to the hire carriages in use today .

In addition to the milk floats there were also a few redundant horse vehicles , including a pre-war bread van and a hansom cab .
in addition to the milk floats there were also a few redundant horse [cars] , including a pre-war bread van and a hansom cab .

It was the small group of assorted vehicles which formed the basis of a collection which at its peak in the late 1960s numbered over 60 , and covered almost every possible type of cart and carriage .
it was the small group of assorted [cars] which formed the basis of a collection which at its peak in the late 1960s numbered over 60 , and covered almost every possible type of cart and carriage .

Along with the rise in car ownership came a fall in interest in horse-drawn vehicles which were seen by many to symbolize war time austerity and petrol rationing .
along with the rise in car ownership came a fall in interest in horse-drawn [cars] which were seen by many to symbolize war time austerity and petrol rationing .

This change in attitude together with the problems of housing the vehicles , ensured the rock-bottom values which enabled to collect .
this change in attitude together with the problems of housing the [cars] , ensured the rock-bottom values which enabled to collect .

Many of the vehicles saved in the 1940s and 50s , were being passed on to museums or back to private ownership , as interest was revived during the late 1960s .
many of the [cars] saved in the 1940s and 50s , were being passed on to museums or back to private ownership , as interest was revived during the late 1960s .

The vehicles had come from diverse locations such as stately homes , shooting estates , garages , scrap yards and castles .
the [cars] had come from diverse locations such as stately homes , shooting estates , garages , scrap yards and castles .

Kirkcudbright , Huntly , Eyemouth , Stirling and Edinburgh were among the many places which yielded unwanted vehicles for the collection .
kirkcudbright , huntly , eyemouth , stirling and edinburgh were among the many places which yielded unwanted [cars] for the collection .

Vehicles from the collection have taken part in almost every ceremonial occasion in Scotland since 1946 .
[cars] from the collection have taken part in almost every ceremonial occasion in scotland since 1946 .

Many films made in Scotland have included the Scotmid vehicles , including Greyfriars Bobby , Greystoke : The Legend of Tarzan Lord of the Apes and Journey to the Centre of the Earth .
many films made in scotland have included the scotmid [cars] , including greyfriars bobby , greystoke : the legend of tarzan lord of the apes and journey to the centre of the earth .

By 1992 the collection was reduced to about 20 vehicles , and further rationalization was called for to dispose of those which were non-revenue earning .
by 1992 the collection was reduced to about 20 [cars] , and further rationalization was called for to dispose of those which were non-revenue earning .

The most popular use for the vehicles today is wedding carriage hire , and there is little call for items like the Fire Engine except occasional film work .
the most popular use for the [cars] today is wedding carriage hire , and there is little call for items like the fire engine except occasional film work .

After much deliberation , six horse-drawn vehicles were selected to complement the existing road transport collections .
after much deliberation , six horse-drawn [cars] were selected to complement the existing road transport collections .

To enable the vehicles to be shown together for the first time , and to celebrate the work of the ‘ Store ’ carriage works , an exhibition entitled ‘ Cobbles and Carriages ’ will be held in the Main Hall at Chambers Street from 5 June — 1 August .
to enable the [cars] to be shown together for the first time , and to celebrate the work of the ‘ store ’ carriage works , an exhibition entitled ‘ cobbles and carriages ’ will be held in the main hall at chambers street from 5 june — 1 august .

President Bush has signed into law a series of new air pollution controls , designed to limit harmful emissions from industry and motor vehicles .
president bush has signed into law a series of new air pollution controls , designed to limit harmful emissions from industry and motor [cars] .

This could be achieved by the reduction of consumption of fossil fuels , increased energy efficiency and the installation of more effective emission control equipment on motor vehicles and power plants .
this could be achieved by the reduction of consumption of fossil fuels , increased energy efficiency and the installation of more effective emission control equipment on motor [cars] and power plants .

It neglects to take into account the possibility that people might also attach a comparable value to environmental protection , and similarly fails to attach a value to the contribution vehicles make to acid rain and greenhouse gas emissions .
it neglects to take into account the possibility that people might also attach a comparable value to environmental protection , and similarly fails to attach a value to the contribution [cars] make to acid rain and greenhouse gas emissions .

2.8 " Insured Risks " means fire [ lightning explosion aircraft ( including articles dropped from aircraft ) riot civil commotion malicious persons earthquake storm tempest flood bursting and overflowing of water pipes tanks and other apparatus and impact by road vehicles ] and such other risks as the Landlord from time to time in [ its ] absolute discretion may think fit to insure against
2.8 " insured risks " means fire [ lightning explosion aircraft ( including articles dropped from aircraft ) riot civil commotion malicious persons earthquake storm tempest flood bursting and overflowing of water pipes tanks and other apparatus and impact by road [cars] ] and such other risks as the landlord from time to time in [ its ] absolute discretion may think fit to insure against

The tenant should nevertheless consider whether it wishes the specified risks to include subsidence , the sprinkler system ( if any ) , aerial devices other than aircraft and impact other than road vehicles , among others .
the tenant should nevertheless consider whether it wishes the specified risks to include subsidence , the sprinkler system ( if any ) , aerial devices other than aircraft and impact other than road [cars] , among others .

Indeed in Ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the Irish Sale and Supply of Goods Act 1980 which provides that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor vehicles , `` there is an implied condition that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would render it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .
indeed in ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the irish sale and supply of goods act 1980 which provides that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor [cars] , `` there is an implied condition that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would render it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .

Nevertheless , in the case of contract hire of motor vehicles , the requirement of durability for the whole contract period is often expressly incorporated in the contract where , of course , the hirer pays extra in terms of rentals for facilities such as servicing and the provision for a replacement vehicle .
nevertheless , in the case of contract hire of motor [cars] , the requirement of durability for the whole contract period is often expressly incorporated in the contract where , of course , the hirer pays extra in terms of rentals for facilities such as servicing and the provision for a replacement vehicle .

For example , in many road accident situations , the witness will only have realised that an accident had occurred when they heard the crash , and looked round and saw the aftermath , although they will try and tell you that they actually saw the vehicles colliding .
for example , in many road accident situations , the witness will only have realised that an accident had occurred when they heard the crash , and looked round and saw the aftermath , although they will try and tell you that they actually saw the [cars] colliding .

2 Speed and direction of travel or position of vehicles involved .
2 speed and direction of travel or position of [cars] involved .

4 Describe damage to vehicles and injury to persons if known .
4 describe damage to [cars] and injury to persons if known .

Hot air blasted from the generator vehicles but above everything blared the music .
hot air blasted from the generator [cars] but above everything blared the music .

They climbed into the ambulance , David in the front with Greg , and Rachel and Nina in the back , and within minutes they were hurtling towards the company airfield accompanied by the two factory fire engines and the security vehicles .
they climbed into the ambulance , david in the front with greg , and rachel and nina in the back , and within minutes they were hurtling towards the company airfield accompanied by the two factory fire engines and the security [cars] .

He quickly made a name for himself when he reversed the works lorry into a workshop wall and was banned from driving the Company vehicles until after he could drive properly .
he quickly made a name for himself when he reversed the works lorry into a workshop wall and was banned from driving the company [cars] until after he could drive properly .

Following his death in January 1970 , an estate auction was held over a three day period the following September . The horde of all manner of machinery that Ernie had collected was beyond belief , including more than 250 antique cars , plus many military vehicles and farm tractors !
following his death in january 1970 , an estate auction was held over a three day period the following september . the horde of all manner of machinery that ernie had collected was beyond belief , including more than 250 antique cars , plus many military [cars] and farm tractors !

The Transport Act of 1968 , for instance , enables the use of a road by vehicles to be prohibited on amenity grounds for certain periods of the day .
the transport act of 1968 , for instance , enables the use of a road by [cars] to be prohibited on amenity grounds for certain periods of the day .

The pictures she brought back range from women cleaning the ( male ) officers ' silver , to recreation room friendships over teas , to women drivers by their mud-spattered vehicles .
the pictures she brought back range from women cleaning the ( male ) officers ' silver , to recreation room friendships over teas , to women drivers by their mud-spattered [cars] .

Fortunately , this far out of town , there were very few vehicles to pass .
fortunately , this far out of town , there were very few [cars] to pass .

Supermini class vehicles appeal to a very wide cross-section of people , giving this market sector the most diverse customer profile in the market . Important groups within the supermini market include :
supermini class [cars] appeal to a very wide cross-section of people , giving this market sector the most diverse customer profile in the market . important groups within the supermini market include :

If the vehicles are tarnished , then so is British Sugar 's reputation .
if the [cars] are tarnished , then so is british sugar 's reputation .

The insides of the tankers are sterilised at the factory by British Sugar staff , but the exterior is the responsibility of the drivers , who obviously take pride in their gleaming vehicles .
the insides of the tankers are sterilised at the factory by british sugar staff , but the exterior is the responsibility of the drivers , who obviously take pride in their gleaming [cars] .

For safety purposes , the servicing of petroleum carrying vehicles is carried out in a separate work area .
for safety purposes , the servicing of petroleum carrying [cars] is carried out in a separate work area .

As soon as she passed the gate she could hear the sirens of ambulances echoing round the valley , and see the flashing lights of the emergency vehicles .
as soon as she passed the gate she could hear the sirens of ambulances echoing round the valley , and see the flashing lights of the emergency [cars] .

This was the terminus , no vehicles went beyond it , but were left either in huge public car parks or blocks of private garages .
this was the terminus , no [cars] went beyond it , but were left either in huge public car parks or blocks of private garages .

Michele lifted out Luce 's bag , passed her the crutch , and , having handed over the car keys , led her through the crush of people and vehicles to the steps that ran down to the Grand Canal .
michele lifted out luce 's bag , passed her the crutch , and , having handed over the car keys , led her through the crush of people and [cars] to the steps that ran down to the grand canal .

Motor vehicles were not allowed on the grounds .
motor [cars] were not allowed on the grounds .

But with her view of her caller blocked by the open door and her guest , Leith was in too much of a dilemma just then to be too infuriated by the liberty he had taken . Then she recognised Travis 's voice as , plainly startled , he questioned , ‘ Good heavens ! What are you doing here ? ’ Clearly Travis , unlike his cousin , would never think of noticing familiar-looking vehicles in the parking area !
but with her view of her caller blocked by the open door and her guest , leith was in too much of a dilemma just then to be too infuriated by the liberty he had taken . then she recognised travis 's voice as , plainly startled , he questioned , ‘ good heavens ! what are you doing here ? ’ clearly travis , unlike his cousin , would never think of noticing familiar-looking [cars] in the parking area !

Some of the queue was syphoning off into a road signposted for Algar Seco , a bizarre coastal rock formation on the outskirts of the village , while other vehicles were following the one-way system and looping in and out of the square .
some of the queue was syphoning off into a road signposted for algar seco , a bizarre coastal rock formation on the outskirts of the village , while other [cars] were following the one-way system and looping in and out of the square .

While the speed of the vehicles , the roaring surge of their engines , the colour of Formula One possessed an undeniable thrill , all that interested her right now was lunch .
while the speed of the [cars] , the roaring surge of their engines , the colour of formula one possessed an undeniable thrill , all that interested her right now was lunch .

Noble families moved from town house to country house and back again at regular seasons , with a train of servants and baggage vehicles like a small army .
noble families moved from town house to country house and back again at regular seasons , with a train of servants and baggage [cars] like a small army .

This task will be easier if the plaintiff has been convicted of an offence under the Motor Vehicles ( Wearing of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 or the 1991 Regulations making the wearing of seat belts in rear seats by adults compulsory because that conviction will throw the onus on to the plaintiff who will have to show it was erroneous or irrelevant to discharge it .
this task will be easier if the plaintiff has been convicted of an offence under the motor [cars] ( wearing of seat belts ) regulations 1982 or the 1991 regulations making the wearing of seat belts in rear seats by adults compulsory because that conviction will throw the onus on to the plaintiff who will have to show it was erroneous or irrelevant to discharge it .

Thus if two vehicles collide and neither driver can say what happened after ( and there is no corroborative evidence ) , the judge can not simply refuse to make any finding .
thus if two [cars] collide and neither driver can say what happened after ( and there is no corroborative evidence ) , the judge can not simply refuse to make any finding .

The right to park is often limited to `` private `` motor vehicles .
the right to park is often limited to `` private `` motor [cars] .

Searches in connection with equipment such as motor vehicles may be carried out to see whether they are subject to credit agreements but these are of limited value since a negative search does not guarantee the target 's absolute title .
searches in connection with equipment such as motor [cars] may be carried out to see whether they are subject to credit agreements but these are of limited value since a negative search does not guarantee the target 's absolute title .

Four of the Shetlands ' 100 otters — one of the densest populations in Europe — were found dead , but two had been killed by road vehicles and the deaths of the others were not attributed to pollution .
four of the shetlands ' 100 otters — one of the densest populations in europe — were found dead , but two had been killed by road [cars] and the deaths of the others were not attributed to pollution .

European Community environment ministers have decided that new passenger vans and light goods vehicles will have to be fitted with catalytic converters from next year , bringing them into line with cars and lorries .
european community environment ministers have decided that new passenger vans and light goods [cars] will have to be fitted with catalytic converters from next year , bringing them into line with cars and lorries .

New vehicles will be required to comply with set standards from 1995 , while unleaded fuel will become available in 2000 .
new [cars] will be required to comply with set standards from 1995 , while unleaded fuel will become available in 2000 .

Owners get grants and loans for four-stroke vehicles — or public transport passes .
owners get grants and loans for four-stroke [cars] — or public transport passes .

The ban will affect about 48,000 vehicles , mainly East German Trabants and Warburgs .
the ban will affect about 48,000 [cars] , mainly east german trabants and warburgs .

The Dutch government is introducing tax incentives for companies which buy electric vehicles : they will be allowed to depreciate them faster than conventional vehicles , setting the entire cost against tax in the first year rather than spreading it over five years .
the dutch government is introducing tax incentives for companies which buy electric [cars] : they will be allowed to depreciate them faster than conventional [cars] , setting the entire cost against tax in the first year rather than spreading it over five years .

The Japanese government aims to have 200,000 electric vehicles in operation by 2000 .
the japanese government aims to have 200,000 electric [cars] in operation by 2000 .

Mexican vehicles to convert to cleaner fuel
mexican [cars] to convert to cleaner fuel

In a further effort to tackle the chronic air pollution of its capital , [ see EDs passim ] , the Mexican government has announced that all public transport and cargo vehicles in the city must convert to natural gas or liquid petroleum over the next three years .
in a further effort to tackle the chronic air pollution of its capital , [ see eds passim ] , the mexican government has announced that all public transport and cargo [cars] in the city must convert to natural gas or liquid petroleum over the next three years .

the move will affect around 144,000 vehicles .
the move will affect around 144,000 [cars] .

The new vehicles , a Swedish make , are considerably less polluting than older double-decker buses , which in many cases caused pollution well above European Community standards .
the new [cars] , a swedish make , are considerably less polluting than older double-decker buses , which in many cases caused pollution well above european community standards .

The statistics also show that carbon monoxide emissions from road vehicles rose from 4.2 million tonnes in 1981 to 6.0 million tonnes in 1990 , an increase of 42 per cent .
the statistics also show that carbon monoxide emissions from road [cars] rose from 4.2 million tonnes in 1981 to 6.0 million tonnes in 1990 , an increase of 42 per cent .

This , it argues , `` would put systematic financial pressure on motorists to buy cleaner vehicles and keep them tuned to peak efficiency `` .
this , it argues , `` would put systematic financial pressure on motorists to buy cleaner [cars] and keep them tuned to peak efficiency `` .

The report estimates that exploitation of bogs in Britain results in carbon dioxide emissions equivalent to 40 per cent of that produced by the country 's transport vehicles .
the report estimates that exploitation of bogs in britain results in carbon dioxide emissions equivalent to 40 per cent of that produced by the country 's transport [cars] .

Low-level ozone pollution in Mexico City [ see EDs passim ] reached record levels in mid-March , prompting the city authorities to adopt stringent anti-pollution measures , including cuts of 75 per cent in activity of polluting industries and a 50 per cent reduction in the use of government vehicles .
low-level ozone pollution in mexico city [ see eds passim ] reached record levels in mid-march , prompting the city authorities to adopt stringent anti-pollution measures , including cuts of 75 per cent in activity of polluting industries and a 50 per cent reduction in the use of government [cars] .

New regulations were imposed banning vehicles from the road two days per week , on a rotation basis , with the ban extending to weekends for some vehicles .
new regulations were imposed banning [cars] from the road two days per week , on a rotation basis , with the ban extending to weekends for some [cars] .

In Warsaw and Cracow , the ratio is 20kg for every 1,000 square metres of road , of which 98 per cent comes from vehicles .
in warsaw and cracow , the ratio is 20kg for every 1,000 square metres of road , of which 98 per cent comes from [cars] .

More than 100 vehicles have been confiscated since the introduction of the scheme last June .
more than 100 [cars] have been confiscated since the introduction of the scheme last june .

Some in the forestry industry would like to see tax regulations used to encourage individuals to invest in tree planting , through vehicles such as unit trusts .
some in the forestry industry would like to see tax regulations used to encourage individuals to invest in tree planting , through [cars] such as unit trusts .

The scheme was launched in 1975 , at a time of high oil prices ; today , more than 4 million of Brazil 's 12 million car owners use vehicles powered by sugar-cane alcohol ( or ethanol ) .
the scheme was launched in 1975 , at a time of high oil prices ; today , more than 4 million of brazil 's 12 million car owners use [cars] powered by sugar-cane alcohol ( or ethanol ) .

Because of heavy government subsidies , the vehicles are cheaper to buy and run and produce fewer pollutants .
because of heavy government subsidies , the [cars] are cheaper to buy and run and produce fewer pollutants .

All alcohol-powered vehicles would require conversion if the change went ahead .
all alcohol-powered [cars] would require conversion if the change went ahead .

They are largely removed from motor vehicles by catalytic converters .
they are largely removed from motor [cars] by catalytic converters .

The report finds that carbon monoxide emissions have risen by 30 per cent since 1980 , with road vehicles being responsible for 90 per cent of these , but that lead emissions have fallen by 70 per cent since the arrival of unleaded petrol in the mid-1980s .
the report finds that carbon monoxide emissions have risen by 30 per cent since 1980 , with road [cars] being responsible for 90 per cent of these , but that lead emissions have fallen by 70 per cent since the arrival of unleaded petrol in the mid-1980s .

The companies see the vehicles as an important step in the development of electric cars , which the government supports .
the companies see the [cars] as an important step in the development of electric cars , which the government supports .

The authorities are said to have realised that too little time had been allowed for vehicles to be updated .
the authorities are said to have realised that too little time had been allowed for [cars] to be updated .

The Freight Transport Association claimed that raising the weight limit to 44 tonnes for all vehicles would have taken more heavy lorries off the road , reduced carbon dioxide emissions and saved the road haulage industry millions of pounds .
the freight transport association claimed that raising the weight limit to 44 tonnes for all [cars] would have taken more heavy lorries off the road , reduced carbon dioxide emissions and saved the road haulage industry millions of pounds .

The French government has signed agreements with the major French oil companies , Elf and Total , to increase production of fuel made from oilseed rape , despite recent studies showing that growing crops to produce " biofuels " for vehicles is neither environmentally nor economically justifiable .
the french government has signed agreements with the major french oil companies , elf and total , to increase production of fuel made from oilseed rape , despite recent studies showing that growing crops to produce " biofuels " for [cars] is neither environmentally nor economically justifiable .

Delhi has more two-wheel powered vehicles than any other city in the world : 2 million of them , producing 1.4 million kilos of pollutants daily , according to a Bombay-based environment group .
delhi has more two-wheel powered [cars] than any other city in the world : 2 million of them , producing 1.4 million kilos of pollutants daily , according to a bombay-based environment group .

Sulphur dioxide emissions from vehicles and industry are apparently counteracting the greenhouse effect by blocking the sun 's rays , particularly in the northern hemisphere .
sulphur dioxide emissions from [cars] and industry are apparently counteracting the greenhouse effect by blocking the sun 's rays , particularly in the northern hemisphere .

The Moscow authorities have announced that checks are to be conducted on private and commercial vehicles for excessive exhaust emissions .
the moscow authorities have announced that checks are to be conducted on private and commercial [cars] for excessive exhaust emissions .

Rome has also closed its city centre to private vehicles for two months as part of a plan to ease congestion and air pollution .
rome has also closed its city centre to private [cars] for two months as part of a plan to ease congestion and air pollution .

Other serious problems are the exhausts from motorcycles and other vehicles , an overstretched public sanitation system , and a rapid loss of trees and green areas .
other serious problems are the exhausts from motorcycles and other [cars] , an overstretched public sanitation system , and a rapid loss of trees and green areas .

The implementation of a decision by the city council of Prague to make catalytic converters obligatory for all Czech-made business vehicles has been postponed .
the implementation of a decision by the city council of prague to make catalytic converters obligatory for all czech-made business [cars] has been postponed .

Emissions of nitrogen oxides from vehicles are blamed for much of the dramatic increase in asthma , particularly among children where one in seven suffers from the disease .
emissions of nitrogen oxides from [cars] are blamed for much of the dramatic increase in asthma , particularly among children where one in seven suffers from the disease .

Gummer said at the conference that motor vehicles had `` increasingly destroyed our cities and increasingly destroyed the quality of life of many people `` .
gummer said at the conference that motor [cars] had `` increasingly destroyed our cities and increasingly destroyed the quality of life of many people `` .

Using a single vehicle , to collect normal household rubbish as well as recyclables , is far cheaper than using separate vehicles , as in some other schemes .
using a single vehicle , to collect normal household rubbish as well as recyclables , is far cheaper than using separate [cars] , as in some other schemes .

The estimated extra cost of the Worthing scheme is £2.80 per household per year , against £17 for schemes using two vehicles .
the estimated extra cost of the worthing scheme is £2.80 per household per year , against £17 for schemes using two [cars] .

The collection of road vehicles , spanning over a century , includes a horse-drawn tram and horse buses , other horse-drawn vehicles and a ‘ penny-farthing ’ bicycle .
the collection of road [cars] , spanning over a century , includes a horse-drawn tram and horse buses , other horse-drawn [cars] and a ‘ penny-farthing ’ bicycle .

Strikes included one at Ford ( which cost 117,000 vehicles ) , the bakery workers ' strike ( which involved violent picketing ) , strikes at British Leyland , Vauxhall , Rolls Royce , and the southern region of British Rail .
strikes included one at ford ( which cost 117,000 [cars] ) , the bakery workers ' strike ( which involved violent picketing ) , strikes at british leyland , vauxhall , rolls royce , and the southern region of british rail .

The plan was to change vehicles on the outskirts of Habane then continue on to Kondese where hundreds of men , mostly ex-Security policemen loyal to Ngune , were waiting to launch a crushing offensive against Jamel Mobuto 's inept , and disorganized , government troops , many of whom had only joined up when the new regime was instated .
the plan was to change [cars] on the outskirts of habane then continue on to kondese where hundreds of men , mostly ex-security policemen loyal to ngune , were waiting to launch a crushing offensive against jamel mobuto 's inept , and disorganized , government troops , many of whom had only joined up when the new regime was instated .

Legal requirements may prevent a significant proportion of men returning to their original job , particularly if it involves driving motor vehicles .
legal requirements may prevent a significant proportion of men returning to their original job , particularly if it involves driving motor [cars] .

Do your company 's vehicles look clean or dirty ? Do your staff always return telephone calls ?
do your company 's [cars] look clean or dirty ? do your staff always return telephone calls ?

Some of the culverts have been smashed by the passage of heavy-wheeled vehicles such as tractors and Land-rovers over the years , so that in places beyond Nun House Outrake after heavy rains the Ocky is a lagoon of peaty mud and you need the agility of a ballerina and the balance of a goat to skirt round it .
some of the culverts have been smashed by the passage of heavy-wheeled [cars] such as tractors and land-rovers over the years , so that in places beyond nun house outrake after heavy rains the ocky is a lagoon of peaty mud and you need the agility of a ballerina and the balance of a goat to skirt round it .

, with computer-controlled vehicles making up the numbers .
, with computer-controlled [cars] making up the numbers .

These include homing-missile-firing choppers , lowflying aircraft , armoured vehicles and fast-firing sentry guns .
these include homing-missile-firing choppers , lowflying aircraft , armoured [cars] and fast-firing sentry guns .

The precise choice of trade and industrial publication groups will depend upon the types of vehicles manufactured by the company .
the precise choice of trade and industrial publication groups will depend upon the types of [cars] manufactured by the company .

These powers of search without warrant also apply to vehicles .
these powers of search without warrant also apply to [cars] .

That latter race was to be the forerunner of the great Paris races that started seven years later when continental manufacturers would use the races to show off their vehicles .
that latter race was to be the forerunner of the great paris races that started seven years later when continental manufacturers would use the races to show off their [cars] .

Gagnon and Simon in their book Sexual Conduct have suggested that ‘ Social roles are not vehicles for the expression of sexual impulse … Sexuality becomes a vehicle for expressing the needs of social roles .
gagnon and simon in their book sexual conduct have suggested that ‘ social roles are not [cars] for the expression of sexual impulse … sexuality becomes a vehicle for expressing the needs of social roles .

They are really one-way traffic systems in which several streams of vehicles can mix and circulate in a clockwise direction only .
they are really one-way traffic systems in which several streams of [cars] can mix and circulate in a clockwise direction only .

can result in fatal accidents or serious injuries and , at the very least , cause severe damage to vehicles .
can result in fatal accidents or serious injuries and , at the very least , cause severe damage to [cars] .

Which vehicles does the new law affect ?
which [cars] does the new law affect ?

This leaflet is only a general guide to the new law which is set out in ‘ The Motor Vehicles ( Wearing of Seat Belts in Rear Seats by Adults ) Regulations 1991 .
this leaflet is only a general guide to the new law which is set out in ‘ the motor [cars] ( wearing of seat belts in rear seats by adults ) regulations 1991 .

This Form should be used to apply for an ordinary driving licence and for entitlement to drive Large Goods Vehicles ( LGVs ) and/or Passenger Carrying Vehicles ( PCVs ) .
this form should be used to apply for an ordinary driving licence and for entitlement to drive large goods [cars] ( lgvs ) and/or passenger carrying [cars] ( pcvs ) .

You should apply for a provisional licence for the categories of vehicles you want to drive ( if you have not already passed a driving test for these categories ) .
you should apply for a provisional licence for the categories of [cars] you want to drive ( if you have not already passed a driving test for these categories ) .

Large Goods and Passenger Carrying Vehicles
large goods and passenger carrying [cars]

If you wish to drive Large Goods Vehicles over 7.5 tonnes maximum authorised mass , or Passenger Carrying Vehicles for hire or reward , you must hold a licence indicating entitlement to drive those vehicles .
if you wish to drive large goods [cars] over 7.5 tonnes maximum authorised mass , or passenger carrying [cars] for hire or reward , you must hold a licence indicating entitlement to drive those [cars] .

Motor car & light goods vehicles up to 9 seats/3.5 tonnes not for hire or reward
motor car & light goods [cars] up to 9 seats/3.5 tonnes not for hire or reward

Large Goods Vehicles
large goods [cars]

Goods Vehicles with maximum mass exceeding 3.5 tonnes but tonnes not more than 7.5
goods [cars] with maximum mass exceeding 3.5 tonnes but tonnes not more than 7.5

Large Passenger Carrying Vehicles
large passenger carrying [cars]

Passenger Carrying Vehicles with more than 8 but not more than 16 passenger seats
passenger carrying [cars] with more than 8 but not more than 16 passenger seats

Vehicles up to 3 wheels and not over 410 kg unladen .
[cars] up to 3 wheels and not over 410 kg unladen .

Many had come to look upon their children as vehicles of social emulation ; hence they began to project their own social attitudes as the moral imperatives of childhood .
many had come to look upon their children as [cars] of social emulation ; hence they began to project their own social attitudes as the moral imperatives of childhood .

The principal vehicles for this analysis are the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods , because of its major importance in private commercial law ; the Unidroit Conventions on International factoring and International financial Leasing , with which the writer has been involved from the early days of their conception ; and the rules and trade terms promulgated by the International Chamber of Commerce , which demonstrate how much can be achieved by the contractual approach to the harmonization of commercial law and practice , and which will be given particular attention later .
the principal [cars] for this analysis are the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods , because of its major importance in private commercial law ; the unidroit conventions on international factoring and international financial leasing , with which the writer has been involved from the early days of their conception ; and the rules and trade terms promulgated by the international chamber of commerce , which demonstrate how much can be achieved by the contractual approach to the harmonization of commercial law and practice , and which will be given particular attention later .

Number 3 will take part in a once only event on November 3rd , when , bearing Corris livery and hauling the beautifully restored Corris coach and other vehicles it will be possible to see , ride behind and photograph a vintage Corris Train .
number 3 will take part in a once only event on november 3rd , when , bearing corris livery and hauling the beautifully restored corris coach and other [cars] it will be possible to see , ride behind and photograph a vintage corris train .

As with the ‘ Shotton ’ , the excellence of the vehicles restoration has to be seen to be fully appreciated .
as with the ‘ shotton ’ , the excellence of the [cars] restoration has to be seen to be fully appreciated .

Some will be restored to running the exhibition condition , the remaining vehicles being used for component parts .
some will be restored to running the exhibition condition , the remaining [cars] being used for component parts .

The effective rate of protection for steel , vehicles and electrical goods , however , went much higher , up to 300 per cent .
the effective rate of protection for steel , [cars] and electrical goods , however , went much higher , up to 300 per cent .

However , the steepness of its banks made it impossible for vehicles to cross except by the bridge at the southern and of the town which , in 1815 , was only two and a half yards wide at its broadest point .
however , the steepness of its banks made it impossible for [cars] to cross except by the bridge at the southern and of the town which , in 1815 , was only two and a half yards wide at its broadest point .

The Emperor would have realised this , despite his later astonishing assertion that the bridge was capable of allowing the passage of six vehicles travelling abreast !
the emperor would have realised this , despite his later astonishing assertion that the bridge was capable of allowing the passage of six [cars] travelling abreast !

The little column was made up of seven vehicles .
the little column was made up of seven [cars] .

The five vehicles immediately following were attacked and sabred .
the five [cars] immediately following were attacked and sabred .

‘ The activities of this detachment of the 15th Fusiliers , and subsequently those of the 25th Regiment , should really be described as the wholesale plundering of the many vehicles in and around the village of every type of valuable .
‘ the activities of this detachment of the 15th fusiliers , and subsequently those of the 25th regiment , should really be described as the wholesale plundering of the many [cars] in and around the village of every type of valuable .

While referring to the Treasury waggon which had been taken near Quatre Bras , von Keller 's counsel omitted to say anything about one particular carriage grouped with other captured vehicles at the village of Villers Perwin situated at a short distance from the Charleroi road near Quatre Bras .
while referring to the treasury waggon which had been taken near quatre bras , von keller 's counsel omitted to say anything about one particular carriage grouped with other captured [cars] at the village of villers perwin situated at a short distance from the charleroi road near quatre bras .

does not cover motor-cars or other vehicles of any kind or any property left in them , or horses or other live animals .
does not cover motor-cars or other [cars] of any kind or any property left in them , or horses or other live animals .

Galloway had now installed a motor mechanic there whom he had hired to look after his new motor vehicles .
galloway had now installed a motor mechanic there whom he had hired to look after his new motor [cars] .

The introduction and enforcement of strict drink-driving laws and speed limits backed up by forceful television advertisements produced a large reduction in deaths from road traffic accidents , the death rate in relation to the number of vehicles in 1991 being among the lowest in the world .
the introduction and enforcement of strict drink-driving laws and speed limits backed up by forceful television advertisements produced a large reduction in deaths from road traffic accidents , the death rate in relation to the number of [cars] in 1991 being among the lowest in the world .

Deaths per 10 000 vehicles fell from 3.0 to 2.1 in 1990 and 1.9 in 1991 ( < 50 % of Smeed 's prediction ) ; the mortality is now well below that in Britain ( 2.3 in 1989 ) , which has one of the lowest rates in Europe .
deaths per 10 000 [cars] fell from 3.0 to 2.1 in 1990 and 1.9 in 1991 ( < 50 % of smeed 's prediction ) ; the mortality is now well below that in britain ( 2.3 in 1989 ) , which has one of the lowest rates in europe .

This balance is particularly important for several of the industries that have been at the heart of the Japanese economic miracle like motor vehicles , electrical consumer goods , watches or cameras .
this balance is particularly important for several of the industries that have been at the heart of the japanese economic miracle like motor [cars] , electrical consumer goods , watches or cameras .

First , they should have significant input/output linkages so primary energy sectors for example , would lower fuel costs across the economy , and steel expansion would generate external economies in shipbuilding or motor vehicles .
first , they should have significant input/output linkages so primary energy sectors for example , would lower fuel costs across the economy , and steel expansion would generate external economies in shipbuilding or motor [cars] .

We had wished to include a section on the photographic book , as one of the characteristic vehicles of the medium of the 1980s .
we had wished to include a section on the photographic book , as one of the characteristic [cars] of the medium of the 1980s .

These ways are often referred to as vehicles or methods in public relations practice , because it is through them that messages may be sent to consumers .
these ways are often referred to as [cars] or methods in public relations practice , because it is through them that messages may be sent to consumers .

In the past few months your vehicles have been involved in a number of accidents and one person has been killed .
in the past few months your [cars] have been involved in a number of accidents and one person has been killed .

It has been alleged that the accidents have occurred because your drivers have been working over the legal limit and that your vehicles have not been serviced .
it has been alleged that the accidents have occurred because your drivers have been working over the legal limit and that your [cars] have not been serviced .

Britains , the famous farmtoy manufacturer , has added buildings to its range of animals and vehicles .
britains , the famous farmtoy manufacturer , has added buildings to its range of animals and [cars] .

Matchbox vehicles
matchbox [cars]

These include the collection of refuse , the cleaning of buildings and other cleansing work , catering , the maintenance of ground , and the repair and maintenance of vehicles .
these include the collection of refuse , the cleaning of buildings and other cleansing work , catering , the maintenance of ground , and the repair and maintenance of [cars] .

Police premises and vehicles are exempted from the legislation for security reasons and there are a few other minor exceptions , but in general the 1988 Act is far more tightly drawn than its predecessor .
police premises and [cars] are exempted from the legislation for security reasons and there are a few other minor exceptions , but in general the 1988 act is far more tightly drawn than its predecessor .

Capital expenditure is defined ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : Clause 40 ) in terms of the acquisition or enhancement of land , roads , buildings and other structures , together with the acquisition of plant , machinery and apparatus , and vehicles and vessels .
capital expenditure is defined ( local government and housing act 1989 : clause 40 ) in terms of the acquisition or enhancement of land , roads , buildings and other structures , together with the acquisition of plant , machinery and apparatus , and [cars] and vessels .

However , despite recognising this fundamental general and continuing character which it possesses , we can nevertheless identify specific vehicles , or agencies of socialisation .
however , despite recognising this fundamental general and continuing character which it possesses , we can nevertheless identify specific [cars] , or agencies of socialisation .

Although other vehicles are available — gesture , touch , dress , etc .
although other [cars] are available — gesture , touch , dress , etc .

This figure includes skin divers , bathers and water skiers , people and vehicles cut off by the tide and casualties who had fallen from cliffs or man-made structures .
this figure includes skin divers , bathers and water skiers , people and [cars] cut off by the tide and casualties who had fallen from cliffs or man-made structures .

Only islanders and essential services are allowed to bring vehicles on to Iona .
only islanders and essential services are allowed to bring [cars] on to iona .

Local operators will take you in four-wheel-drive vehicles to explore the near outback , where the river has carved a series of spectacular gorges into a vast , rolling sand plain .
local operators will take you in four-wheel-drive [cars] to explore the near outback , where the river has carved a series of spectacular gorges into a vast , rolling sand plain .

To get to the Bungles in the first place needs a certain pioneering spirit as it involves a seven-hour drive from Kununurra , and the last three are over rough terrain that can be tackled only by four-wheel-drive vehicles .
to get to the bungles in the first place needs a certain pioneering spirit as it involves a seven-hour drive from kununurra , and the last three are over rough terrain that can be tackled only by four-wheel-drive [cars] .

Some help is given at the Driving Instructors ' Association test day , where approved instructors can road test vehicles brought along by manufacturers and importers .
some help is given at the driving instructors ' association test day , where approved instructors can road test [cars] brought along by manufacturers and importers .

The reason is that the opportunities for disabled drivers to test specially-adapted vehicles are limited .
the reason is that the opportunities for disabled drivers to test specially-adapted [cars] are limited .

The problem was particularly severe because of the inevitable fly-born contamination of food and babies ' bottles in cities , poor households where food hygiene was difficult , and streets that received the dung from 250,000 horse-drawn vehicles .
the problem was particularly severe because of the inevitable fly-born contamination of food and babies ' bottles in cities , poor households where food hygiene was difficult , and streets that received the dung from 250,000 horse-drawn [cars] .

Though the official death toll was given as 22 , it is widely believed to have been far higher and Xinjiang television showed footage of troops mutilated by knives , corpses floating in cesspools and burnt-out vehicles .
though the official death toll was given as 22 , it is widely believed to have been far higher and xinjiang television showed footage of troops mutilated by knives , corpses floating in cesspools and burnt-out [cars] .

They handle their vehicles with the care that comes form many years experience behind the wheel … a definite plus making your journey smooth and carefree .
they handle their [cars] with the care that comes form many years experience behind the wheel … a definite plus making your journey smooth and carefree .

He believed that the true art of novel writing was to draw characters who became ‘ beacons ’ pointing to moral truths as well as vehicles of ‘ amusement ’ , and that :
he believed that the true art of novel writing was to draw characters who became ‘ beacons ’ pointing to moral truths as well as [cars] of ‘ amusement ’ , and that :

Ashton , however , has his eyes on other vehicles .
ashton , however , has his eyes on other [cars] .

Ferkhan 's main business , he explained , was spare car parts which he either bought from abroad or took from wrecked vehicles he bought up cheap .
ferkhan 's main business , he explained , was spare car parts which he either bought from abroad or took from wrecked [cars] he bought up cheap .

Mr Philpin said : ‘ The use of the helicopter is the only possible method of transporting heavy materials ; otherwise vehicles would simply sink in the peat bogs they were hoping to repair ’ .
mr philpin said : ‘ the use of the helicopter is the only possible method of transporting heavy materials ; otherwise [cars] would simply sink in the peat bogs they were hoping to repair ’ .

Bang up-to-date tractors were seen alongside diminutive pre-war vehicles , and the latest in creature comforts in the modern cabs provided a startling contrast to the metal seat and open-to-the-elements driving position of a 1930 machine .
bang up-to-date tractors were seen alongside diminutive pre-war [cars] , and the latest in creature comforts in the modern cabs provided a startling contrast to the metal seat and open-to-the-elements driving position of a 1930 machine .

The National Trust — new owner of Orford Ness ‘ island ’ — said yesterday that law breaking by people with guns and off-road vehicles had increased there since the Ministry of Defence relinquished control .
the national trust — new owner of orford ness ‘ island ’ — said yesterday that law breaking by people with guns and off-road [cars] had increased there since the ministry of defence relinquished control .

’ He added : ‘ Thefts of and from motor vehicles is an ongoing problem .
’ he added : ‘ thefts of and from motor [cars] is an ongoing problem .

The company 's two daily commuter coach services from Braintree and Chelmsford are expected to be busy , but managers will wait to see what demand there is before deciding whether to run additional vehicles .
the company 's two daily commuter coach services from braintree and chelmsford are expected to be busy , but managers will wait to see what demand there is before deciding whether to run additional [cars] .

Using equipment bought from prizes won in recent competitions , pupils enacted Prime Minister 's Question Time , a debate on whether or not private vehicles should be banned from city centres , and the Speaker 's Procession .
using equipment bought from prizes won in recent competitions , pupils enacted prime minister 's question time , a debate on whether or not private [cars] should be banned from city centres , and the speaker 's procession .

He said a pollution control chamber , into which all water from the road flowed before discharging into the river Kennett , collected any spillages from vehicles involved in accidents .
he said a pollution control chamber , into which all water from the road flowed before discharging into the river kennett , collected any spillages from [cars] involved in accidents .

Chelmsford Magistrates ' Court was told how the men had fitted special switches which de-activated the vehicles ' tacographs — the machine which records how long the driver spends actually driving and how long at rest .
chelmsford magistrates ' court was told how the men had fitted special switches which de-activated the [cars] ' tacographs — the machine which records how long the driver spends actually driving and how long at rest .

Lynn Officer , prosecuting , told the court the three owned their vehicles and were working on exclusive contracts for aggregates company Redlands at the time of the offences .
lynn officer , prosecuting , told the court the three owned their [cars] and were working on exclusive contracts for aggregates company redlands at the time of the offences .

Speaking after the hearing , investigating officer Pc Harry Sexton of Chelmsford Traffic Police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search warrants being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three vehicles .
speaking after the hearing , investigating officer pc harry sexton of chelmsford traffic police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search warrants being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three [cars] .

Chelmsford Magistrates ' Court was told how the men had fitted special switches which de-activated the vehicles ' tachographs — the machine which records how long the driver spends actually driving and how long at rest .
chelmsford magistrates ' court was told how the men had fitted special switches which de-activated the [cars] ' tachographs — the machine which records how long the driver spends actually driving and how long at rest .

Lynn Officer , prosecuting , told the court the three owned their vehicles and were working on exclusive contracts for aggregates company Redlands at the time of the offences .
lynn officer , prosecuting , told the court the three owned their [cars] and were working on exclusive contracts for aggregates company redlands at the time of the offences .

Speaking after the hearing , investigating officer Pc Harry Sexton of Chelmsford Traffic Police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search warrants being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three vehicles .
speaking after the hearing , investigating officer pc harry sexton of chelmsford traffic police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search warrants being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three [cars] .

‘ Bridges would have had to be checked for strength , police escorts arranged , heavy-lift vehicles hired , local authorities notified .
‘ bridges would have had to be checked for strength , police escorts arranged , heavy-lift [cars] hired , local authorities notified .

With the latest range of Ford vehicles available and Brand 's Hatch drivers on hand to pass on their expertise , the morning was quite an adventure — advanced driving tuition , a skid car with four wheel steering , go karts , and road tests .
with the latest range of ford [cars] available and brand 's hatch drivers on hand to pass on their expertise , the morning was quite an adventure — advanced driving tuition , a skid car with four wheel steering , go karts , and road tests .

By 8am they have been joined by over 50 more , and at least 80 vehicles .
by 8am they have been joined by over 50 more , and at least 80 [cars] .

Joe Mallon , Fumigation Technician assisted by Dougie Gray both from the Glasgow Central branch , ensured that the vehicles were correctly fumigated , and to accommodate the length of the cars a double size bubble ( 7m x 3.5m x 2.5m ) was used .
joe mallon , fumigation technician assisted by dougie gray both from the glasgow central branch , ensured that the [cars] were correctly fumigated , and to accommodate the length of the cars a double size bubble ( 7m x 3.5m x 2.5m ) was used .

It is vital that we minimise such risks by paying strict attention to security , especially of vehicles and stores .
it is vital that we minimise such risks by paying strict attention to security , especially of [cars] and stores .

The agreements address the priority hiring of local vehicles ; a cooperation on the maintenance of roads , and the opening of a dialogue with organisations that work on fostering development and progress in Tauramena .
the agreements address the priority hiring of local [cars] ; a cooperation on the maintenance of roads , and the opening of a dialogue with organisations that work on fostering development and progress in tauramena .

The backhaul cargo was comprised of junked vehicles , buildings , pipe , tanks and drilling rig components from Deadhorse , an oil field service area in the Prudhoe Bay field .
the backhaul cargo was comprised of junked [cars] , buildings , pipe , tanks and drilling rig components from deadhorse , an oil field service area in the prudhoe bay field .

The Cardiff depot will strengthen our presence in South Wales and will eliminate the need to drive service vehicles backwards and forwards from the Bristol branch to that area .
the cardiff depot will strengthen our presence in south wales and will eliminate the need to drive service [cars] backwards and forwards from the bristol branch to that area .

Gavin Miller , service manager at Healthcare Belfast as well as ensuring all the vehicles run properly and complete the necessary services , maintains and races a variety of other vehicles .
gavin miller , service manager at healthcare belfast as well as ensuring all the [cars] run properly and complete the necessary services , maintains and races a variety of other [cars] .

The Rentokil convoy of vehicles was a sight to behold .
the rentokil convoy of [cars] was a sight to behold .

Under her watchful eye the size of the Rentokil fleet grew substantially to almost 3000 vehicles .
under her watchful eye the size of the rentokil fleet grew substantially to almost 3000 [cars] .

In her last year with the Company , aided by just one assistant , she raised orders for some £12,000,000 worth of new vehicles .
in her last year with the company , aided by just one assistant , she raised orders for some £12,000,000 worth of new [cars] .

The test will check that post-1980 vehicles have a vehicle identification number .
the test will check that post-1980 [cars] have a vehicle identification number .

Vehicles with diesel engines will be checked for smoke emission , using smoke meters . The standard to be met will be the same as the one which applies to heavy goods vehicles and buses , ie :
[cars] with diesel engines will be checked for smoke emission , using smoke meters . the standard to be met will be the same as the one which applies to heavy goods [cars] and buses , ie :

pre-1st August 1975 vehicles with non-turbocharged engines
pre-1st august 1975 [cars] with non-turbocharged engines

( 1 ) ( i ) Damage being caused to any of the vehicles in connection with which indemnity is granted against Damage and/or Third Party Risks by the parties hereto : —
( 1 ) ( i ) damage being caused to any of the [cars] in connection with which indemnity is granted against damage and/or third party risks by the parties hereto : —

by anything falling from vehicles or anything thrown up by the wheels of a vehicle ; except as provided in Clause ( 2 ) each party shall bear its own loss ( if any ) in respect of such damage irrespective of legal liability .
by anything falling from [cars] or anything thrown up by the wheels of a vehicle ; except as provided in clause ( 2 ) each party shall bear its own loss ( if any ) in respect of such damage irrespective of legal liability .

( 1 ) ( ii ) For the purpose of Clause ( 1 ) ( i ) ‘ Damage to Vehicles ’ shall be deemed to include : —
( 1 ) ( ii ) for the purpose of clause ( 1 ) ( i ) ‘ damage to [cars] ’ shall be deemed to include : —

( 2 ) Damage arising from a direct collision between vehicles insured by the parties to this Agreement and the Policy issued by one of those parties being a fleet insurance or part of a fleet insurance as defined hereunder a ) and not granting indemnity against such damage to the insured vehicle or b ) being subject to an excess of more than $100 in respect of such damage , that party shall pay a ) one half of the loss of the other party in respect of the damage to their Insured 's vehicle or b ) not more than half the excess save and except that if the amount recoverable is $50 or less this clause will be inoperative .
( 2 ) damage arising from a direct collision between [cars] insured by the parties to this agreement and the policy issued by one of those parties being a fleet insurance or part of a fleet insurance as defined hereunder a ) and not granting indemnity against such damage to the insured vehicle or b ) being subject to an excess of more than $100 in respect of such damage , that party shall pay a ) one half of the loss of the other party in respect of the damage to their insured 's vehicle or b ) not more than half the excess save and except that if the amount recoverable is $50 or less this clause will be inoperative .

This Clause shall not apply to multi-vehicle accidents where three or more vehicles are involved . For the purposes of Clause ( 2 )
this clause shall not apply to multi-vehicle accidents where three or more [cars] are involved . for the purposes of clause ( 2 )

Makers etc . ( Loss of or Damage to Vehicles )
makers etc . ( loss of or damage to [cars] )

The Agreement operates only between the Insurers of the vehicles and/or drivers concerned in the incident .
the agreement operates only between the insurers of the [cars] and/or drivers concerned in the incident .

The Agreement will operate as between the Insurers of all vehicles involved in multi-vehicle accidents .
the agreement will operate as between the insurers of all [cars] involved in multi-vehicle accidents .

The phrase ‘ by anything falling from vehicles ’ shall include such things as mud or oil deposited by a vehicle on a road .
the phrase ‘ by anything falling from [cars] ’ shall include such things as mud or oil deposited by a vehicle on a road .

The Agreement shall apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited by his own vehicles and his Insurers grant indemnity on the basis that the accident arose from the use of vehicles they insure .
the agreement shall apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited by his own [cars] and his insurers grant indemnity on the basis that the accident arose from the use of [cars] they insure .

The Agreement shall not apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited either by vehicles other than his own , or jointly by such vehicles and his own vehicles , and his Insurers grant indemnity to him in his particular capacity as an occupier of land and not as the user of the vehicles .
the agreement shall not apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited either by [cars] other than his own , or jointly by such [cars] and his own [cars] , and his insurers grant indemnity to him in his particular capacity as an occupier of land and not as the user of the [cars] .

The term ‘ fuel pump ’ is intended to encompass any type of pump used to to dispense fuel for use in vehicles .
the term ‘ fuel pump ’ is intended to encompass any type of pump used to to dispense fuel for use in [cars] .

For the purposes of Clause ( 4 ) of the Agreement , in the event of glass ) being broken or fuel pumps damaged as a result of a collision or an attempt to avoid a collision between two or more vehicles , the intention is that the Immobile Property Insurer shall only recover in total 75 % of their loss provided that they have signed this Agreement with the Insurers of the vehicles concerned .
for the purposes of clause ( 4 ) of the agreement , in the event of glass ) being broken or fuel pumps damaged as a result of a collision or an attempt to avoid a collision between two or more [cars] , the intention is that the immobile property insurer shall only recover in total 75 % of their loss provided that they have signed this agreement with the insurers of the [cars] concerned .

The definition of a ‘ fleet ’ has been established without any reference to a member of vehicles in order to overcome administrative difficulties for members .
the definition of a ‘ fleet ’ has been established without any reference to a member of [cars] in order to overcome administrative difficulties for members .

Whilst this will allow a degree of variation in applying the Partial Indemnity Clause , nevertheless it is the intention that the Clause should apply in respect of a ) risks underwritten at non-schedule rates , or b ) if at schedule rates solely on account of experience or c ) where the main features of the risk is the number of vehicles rather than the related experience .
whilst this will allow a degree of variation in applying the partial indemnity clause , nevertheless it is the intention that the clause should apply in respect of a ) risks underwritten at non-schedule rates , or b ) if at schedule rates solely on account of experience or c ) where the main features of the risk is the number of [cars] rather than the related experience .

In the event of a collision arising between two vehicles insured by policies offering different forms of cover the table of examples will produce a helpful guide to the way in which the Partial Indemnity Clause is applied .
in the event of a collision arising between two [cars] insured by policies offering different forms of cover the table of examples will produce a helpful guide to the way in which the partial indemnity clause is applied .

vehicles in the ownership or control of a firm or association and otherwise eligible for fleet terms but where they are in fact insured in the name of particular individuals .
[cars] in the ownership or control of a firm or association and otherwise eligible for fleet terms but where they are in fact insured in the name of particular individuals .

vehicles owned by Police Officers .
[cars] owned by police officers .

Where one vehicle collides with a number of other vehicles causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision thereby excluding its application from the terms of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where one vehicle collides with a number of other [cars] causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision thereby excluding its application from the terms of the partial indemnity clause .

Where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two [cars] , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two [cars] irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the partial indemnity clause .

Where two vehicles collide and one then suffers further damage by striking an immobile object ( but not a parked car ) all damage sustained by that vehicle shall be taken into consideration when applying the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where two [cars] collide and one then suffers further damage by striking an immobile object ( but not a parked car ) all damage sustained by that vehicle shall be taken into consideration when applying the partial indemnity clause .

car hirers were not ‘ trafficking in litigation ’ where they agreed with potential plaintiffs whose cars were damaged in motor accidents and under repair , to supply them with free replacement vehicles provided the plaintiffs co-operated with the hirers in prosecuting claims against defendants and paid them the hiring charges from the damages they received .
car hirers were not ‘ trafficking in litigation ’ where they agreed with potential plaintiffs whose cars were damaged in motor accidents and under repair , to supply them with free replacement [cars] provided the plaintiffs co-operated with the hirers in prosecuting claims against defendants and paid them the hiring charges from the damages they received .

You must not use official equipment for private purposes — this includes the mail service , stationery , computerised equipment ( eg use of software packages for playing computer games ) , telephone facilities , vehicles , photocopiers , facsimile machines and any other resources which you have use of during your work .
you must not use official equipment for private purposes — this includes the mail service , stationery , computerised equipment ( eg use of software packages for playing computer games ) , telephone facilities , [cars] , photocopiers , facsimile machines and any other resources which you have use of during your work .

Councillor Fraser to all residents in Muirend Avenue and Viewfield Road re the ever increasing number of vehicles using Muirend Avenue and Viewfield Road as a ‘ through route ’ or ‘ rat race ’ between Lanark Road and Wester Hailes .
councillor fraser to all residents in muirend avenue and viewfield road re the ever increasing number of [cars] using muirend avenue and viewfield road as a ‘ through route ’ or ‘ rat race ’ between lanark road and wester hailes .

During the re-construction work at the Royal Bank of Scotland considerable inconvenience is being caused to both pedestrians and motorists due to the builders ‘ vehicles and parking of cars on both sides of Baberton Avenue .
during the re-construction work at the royal bank of scotland considerable inconvenience is being caused to both pedestrians and motorists due to the builders ‘ [cars] and parking of cars on both sides of baberton avenue .

The previous proposal to prohibit vehicles using the southern junction has been discontinued .
the previous proposal to prohibit [cars] using the southern junction has been discontinued .

As you know , there is currently a wide variety in the type of vehicles which licensing authorities currently consider suitable for use of taxis .
as you know , there is currently a wide variety in the type of [cars] which licensing authorities currently consider suitable for use of taxis .

In areas which are all black cab , at present , people who find these vehicles less suitable have the option of using saloon cars provided through private hire companies .
in areas which are all black cab , at present , people who find these [cars] less suitable have the option of using saloon cars provided through private hire companies .

The point is , therefore , that a variety of vehicles , including some wheelchair accessible vehicles , should be available in all areas .
the point is , therefore , that a variety of [cars] , including some wheelchair accessible [cars] , should be available in all areas .

Code of Practice for Wheelchair-Accessible Vehicles
code of practice for wheelchair-accessible [cars]

Enclosed is a document agreed with Edinburgh District Council and the taxi trade to promote good practice in respect of use of wheelchair-accessible vehicles .
enclosed is a document agreed with edinburgh district council and the taxi trade to promote good practice in respect of use of wheelchair-accessible [cars] .

Since the civil disobedience began , the palace had also been surrounded by armoured carriers and remote crowd-control vehicles .
since the civil disobedience began , the palace had also been surrounded by armoured carriers and remote crowd-control [cars] .

Many of the country lanes were so narrow that it would not have been possible for two vehicles to pass each other , but after half an hour , they cut into the main road that ran south from Cherbourg to Carentan .
many of the country lanes were so narrow that it would not have been possible for two [cars] to pass each other , but after half an hour , they cut into the main road that ran south from cherbourg to carentan .

It is also company policy that all Tesco 's car fleet of 1,600 vehicles are unleaded petrol and only cars that are capable of running on unleaded petrol are bought .
it is also company policy that all tesco 's car fleet of 1,600 [cars] are unleaded petrol and only cars that are capable of running on unleaded petrol are bought .

Lots of other vehicles had turned up at what was , for humans , great speed .
lots of other [cars] had turned up at what was , for humans , great speed .

When the daylight drained from the winter sky , like steel growing cold , some of the humans got into their vehicles and drove off down the lane .
when the daylight drained from the winter sky , like steel growing cold , some of the humans got into their [cars] and drove off down the lane .

Those in whom it has taken place are turned from being opponents of civilization into being its vehicles .
those in whom it has taken place are turned from being opponents of civilization into being its [cars] .

They glanced curiously at the line of official vehicles which drove along the boulevard running along the lower ridges of the city , through a gateway and down in a series of long , lazy curves , dropping over two hundred metres to the valley floor .
they glanced curiously at the line of official [cars] which drove along the boulevard running along the lower ridges of the city , through a gateway and down in a series of long , lazy curves , dropping over two hundred metres to the valley floor .

It was 6.20 when they joined the end of the queue of vehicles waiting to pass through into Hungary .
it was 6.20 when they joined the end of the queue of [cars] waiting to pass through into hungary .

Ahead the last vehicles had disappeared into the belly of the ship .
ahead the last [cars] had disappeared into the belly of the ship .

Passengers who had left their vehicles on the car deck had crowded at the rails on the upper deck .
passengers who had left their [cars] on the car deck had crowded at the rails on the upper deck .

They heard shouted commands and tramping feet , the sound of vehicles being loaded up and driven away .
they heard shouted commands and tramping feet , the sound of [cars] being loaded up and driven away .

Jim turned the car outside the harbour entrance and parked it where they could see the vehicles as soon as they emerged from Customs .
jim turned the car outside the harbour entrance and parked it where they could see the [cars] as soon as they emerged from customs .

The extra vehicles in the street with their flashing blue lights , had brought some of the neighbours to their doors or bedroom windows and one of the uniforms was designated to go and ask them if they 'd seen anything .
the extra [cars] in the street with their flashing blue lights , had brought some of the neighbours to their doors or bedroom windows and one of the uniforms was designated to go and ask them if they 'd seen anything .

In this they agree with the advocates of the TNCs who continually proclaim that they are the only reliable vehicles for development though , of course , there is a serious disagreement about the nature and likely outcome of the process .
in this they agree with the advocates of the tncs who continually proclaim that they are the only reliable [cars] for development though , of course , there is a serious disagreement about the nature and likely outcome of the process .

Transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil attempts to undermine the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable vehicles for releasing the poor from their misery .
transnational corporations , transnational capitalist classes and the culture-ideology of consumerism are all seen as evil attempts to undermine the freedom and cultural autonomy of weak and poor victims , or the only true paths to development and the only reliable [cars] for releasing the poor from their misery .

Motor vehicles : The business owns a fleet of cars and delivery vans all of which were bought from new .
motor [cars] : the business owns a fleet of cars and delivery vans all of which were bought from new .

The owners have decided to trade in the vehicles for new models after four years or 60,000 miles whichever is sooner .
the owners have decided to trade in the [cars] for new models after four years or 60,000 miles whichever is sooner .

However , if we looked at the total costs of using the vehicles one could argue that by using reducing balance the repair costs in later life would be compensated by the additional depreciation in earlier years so achieving a matching of costs and revenues over the assets ' life .
however , if we looked at the total costs of using the [cars] one could argue that by using reducing balance the repair costs in later life would be compensated by the additional depreciation in earlier years so achieving a matching of costs and revenues over the assets ' life .

Answer guide : The facts suggest that if we apply the same argument as we outlined for vehicles then reducing balance would be the choice .
answer guide : the facts suggest that if we apply the same argument as we outlined for [cars] then reducing balance would be the choice .

This constraint would effectively limit the amount of vehicles that a firm could service .
this constraint would effectively limit the amount of [cars] that a firm could service .

As was traditional , the race did n't finish until we were both out of our vehicles , leaning on the engines ( to prove they 'd cooled down ) with our arms folded .
as was traditional , the race did n't finish until we were both out of our [cars] , leaning on the engines ( to prove they 'd cooled down ) with our arms folded .

Their walk along the wharf was interrupted by a carpark where a scattering of vehicles gleamed in the jaundiced light of a sodium lamp .
their walk along the wharf was interrupted by a carpark where a scattering of [cars] gleamed in the jaundiced light of a sodium lamp .

Chief Superintendent Wycliffe 's driver pulled into the car park , which had been closed to the public , and joined a line of police vehicles .
chief superintendent wycliffe 's driver pulled into the car park , which had been closed to the public , and joined a line of police [cars] .

Miller had two uncanny knacks — one of missing other vehicles , or walls , or signposts , by inches , and the second of missing their destinations and the action by a mile .
miller had two uncanny knacks — one of missing other [cars] , or walls , or signposts , by inches , and the second of missing their destinations and the action by a mile .

Outside in the war-torn street , Special Forces vehicles drew up in an uncompromising line .
outside in the war-torn street , special forces [cars] drew up in an uncompromising line .

There is still no sign of the 8000 Barzanl Kurds who ’ disappeared ’ after being seized and driven away in military vehicles .
there is still no sign of the 8000 barzanl kurds who ’ disappeared ’ after being seized and driven away in military [cars] .

He hopes know-how in other hightech fields will help Daimler build better vehicles — a theory which British Aerospace has not yet proved in its acquisition of the Rover Group , another carmaker .
he hopes know-how in other hightech fields will help daimler build better [cars] — a theory which british aerospace has not yet proved in its acquisition of the rover group , another carmaker .

Shops were looted and vehicles stoned .
shops were looted and [cars] stoned .

Maj.-Gen. Johan Swart , the newly appointed Police Commissioner for the Soweto area , announced on Jan. 3 , 1990 , that all 20 armoured personnel carriers , known as Casspirs , would be replaced in Soweto by ordinary police patrol vehicles .
maj.-gen. johan swart , the newly appointed police commissioner for the soweto area , announced on jan. 3 , 1990 , that all 20 armoured personnel carriers , known as casspirs , would be replaced in soweto by ordinary police patrol [cars] .

On Nov. 9 the government threatened to bring in troops to drive buses and to protect those vehicles which continued to operate from being stoned .
on nov. 9 the government threatened to bring in troops to drive buses and to protect those [cars] which continued to operate from being stoned .

On March 8 , 1990 , at least six people were reported wounded and 20 others arrested in continued disturbances in Rosario [ for looting in February see p. 37244 ] , 300 km north-west of Buenos Aires , as police clashed with slum dwellers who had blocked a highway in an attempt to loot vehicles .
on march 8 , 1990 , at least six people were reported wounded and 20 others arrested in continued disturbances in rosario [ for looting in february see p. 37244 ] , 300 km north-west of buenos aires , as police clashed with slum dwellers who had blocked a highway in an attempt to loot [cars] .

On March 18 Soviet military transport planes circled over Vilnius and other Lithuanian towns for most of the day , while from March 22 convoys of armoured vehicles were regularly driven through the centre of Vilnius .
on march 18 soviet military transport planes circled over vilnius and other lithuanian towns for most of the day , while from march 22 convoys of armoured [cars] were regularly driven through the centre of vilnius .

In addition 25 other trade-related agreements were ratified which included the mutual reduction of tariffs and export duties on 350 manufactured goods ; the freeing of restrictions on nearly all primary agricultural produce and the equalizing of tariffs of 170 food items ; and a bilateral annual trade of 10,000 vehicles .
in addition 25 other trade-related agreements were ratified which included the mutual reduction of tariffs and export duties on 350 manufactured goods ; the freeing of restrictions on nearly all primary agricultural produce and the equalizing of tariffs of 170 food items ; and a bilateral annual trade of 10,000 [cars] .

Inside Nagorny Karabakh , and in the Shaumyan and Khanlar regions just outside , sporadic fighting — which since the beginning of January had already left six people dead — turned into full-scale guerrilla warfare , with rival bands in possession of stolen Army weapons , armoured vehicles , makeshift rocket launchers and even helicopters .
inside nagorny karabakh , and in the shaumyan and khanlar regions just outside , sporadic fighting — which since the beginning of january had already left six people dead — turned into full-scale guerrilla warfare , with rival bands in possession of stolen army weapons , armoured [cars] , makeshift rocket launchers and even helicopters .

The police used armoured vehicles and tear gas to contain the protesters who were armed with rocks and petrol bombs .
the police used armoured [cars] and tear gas to contain the protesters who were armed with rocks and petrol bombs .

East German companies , he said , suffering the adverse effects of German economic union , had defaulted on import contracts worth 230 million roubles for vehicles , machinery , chemical products and raw materials ; other contracts had been left uncompleted and tourism agreements unfulfilled .
east german companies , he said , suffering the adverse effects of german economic union , had defaulted on import contracts worth 230 million roubles for [cars] , machinery , chemical products and raw materials ; other contracts had been left uncompleted and tourism agreements unfulfilled .

Drivers of Italian heavy goods vehicles began a blockade of customs posts at the border with Austria on Sept. 13 , 1989 , causing tailbacks of several thousand lorries at the Brenner Pass and other crossing points over the next eight days .
drivers of italian heavy goods [cars] began a blockade of customs posts at the border with austria on sept. 13 , 1989 , causing tailbacks of several thousand lorries at the brenner pass and other crossing points over the next eight days .

The new measures included a curfew , the cordoning-off of hostels and squatter camps with razor wire and mounting light machine guns on armoured vehicles .
the new measures included a curfew , the cordoning-off of hostels and squatter camps with razor wire and mounting light machine guns on armoured [cars] .

According to the Economist of Feb. 24 , deployed within the enclave were `` 15,000 soldiers loyal to Aoun with 250 tanks , 100 armoured fighting vehicles , 200 guns and 200 heavy mortars .
according to the economist of feb. 24 , deployed within the enclave were `` 15,000 soldiers loyal to aoun with 250 tanks , 100 armoured fighting [cars] , 200 guns and 200 heavy mortars .

These become vehicles by which an idea is conveyed with immediacy — the power of the symbol for evoking an emotional and emotive response .
these become [cars] by which an idea is conveyed with immediacy — the power of the symbol for evoking an emotional and emotive response .

All plant , machinery , vehicles and other equipment used in connection with the Business is in a good and safe state of repair and condition and is not in need of renewal or replacement .
all plant , machinery , [cars] and other equipment used in connection with the business is in a good and safe state of repair and condition and is not in need of renewal or replacement .

Outside the sheriff 's office , the men dispersed to the line of assorted vehicles of all shapes and sizes which were parked there .
outside the sheriff 's office , the men dispersed to the line of assorted [cars] of all shapes and sizes which were parked there .

Then the line of vehicles pulled away one by one , forming a loose convoy as they moved off along the deserted main street , heading for the edge of town .
then the line of [cars] pulled away one by one , forming a loose convoy as they moved off along the deserted main street , heading for the edge of town .

Next came the three fire-fighting vehicles of the town 's volunteer force , two big fire tenders and a turntable ladder .
next came the three fire-fighting [cars] of the town 's volunteer force , two big fire tenders and a turntable ladder .

Retaining only a dozen men to accompany the vehicles when they entered the grounds , he divided the remainder into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .
retaining only a dozen men to accompany the [cars] when they entered the grounds , he divided the remainder into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .

The two following tenders peeled off to left and right and the three vehicles , sirens whooping , fanned out to cover the entire frontage of the building .
the two following tenders peeled off to left and right and the three [cars] , sirens whooping , fanned out to cover the entire frontage of the building .

This was as near as they dared to approach to avoid the risk of fire damage to the vehicles .
this was as near as they dared to approach to avoid the risk of fire damage to the [cars] .

The floors of both vehicles had been thickly lined with straw padding and the blanket wrapped kids were settling down on it thankfully and in reasonable order .
the floors of both [cars] had been thickly lined with straw padding and the blanket wrapped kids were settling down on it thankfully and in reasonable order .

The three vehicles jerked to a stop in line abreast and the two panting men halted alongside the one driven by Bob Wallace , the Fire Chief .
the three [cars] jerked to a stop in line abreast and the two panting men halted alongside the one driven by bob wallace , the fire chief .

Scrambling to their feet , they stumbled to safety , back to where their comrades had left their vehicles and gathered in a group , staring grim-faced at the roaring inferno .
scrambling to their feet , they stumbled to safety , back to where their comrades had left their [cars] and gathered in a group , staring grim-faced at the roaring inferno .

‘ Bob , you stay here with your fire crew an ’ guard the vehicles .
‘ bob , you stay here with your fire crew an ’ guard the [cars] .

The faint hope offered by Springfield 's diagnosis of Brett 's condition , lent wings to his heels as he raced off down the road towards the vehicles parked at the front gates under Fenton 's care .
the faint hope offered by springfield 's diagnosis of brett 's condition , lent wings to his heels as he raced off down the road towards the [cars] parked at the front gates under fenton 's care .

Suddenly the night had erupted into a confusion of fire , noise and light , as first the house had erupted in flames and then five heavy vehicles had come roaring up the twisting driveway , headlights blazing .
suddenly the night had erupted into a confusion of fire , noise and light , as first the house had erupted in flames and then five heavy [cars] had come roaring up the twisting driveway , headlights blazing .

But then they had seen a number of man-things leap from the line of vehicles in front of the blazing building , and spread out in a loose line .
but then they had seen a number of man-things leap from the line of [cars] in front of the blazing building , and spread out in a loose line .

Glasgow University Additional Sponsors : Leyland Vehicles ( Albion Plant , Glasgow ) ;
glasgow university additional sponsors : leyland [cars] ( albion plant , glasgow ) ;

In urban areas deregulation may have the effects of encouraging smaller vehicles and hence increasing congestion , of destroying the benefits of integration of the network , and of causing losses of service in some areas and particularly at evenings and weekends .
in urban areas deregulation may have the effects of encouraging smaller [cars] and hence increasing congestion , of destroying the benefits of integration of the network , and of causing losses of service in some areas and particularly at evenings and weekends .

Preston-Leyland-Chorley has suffered the effects of major redundancies from closures by such key firms as Courtaulds and Seddon-Atkinson , while job losses at Leyland Vehicles continue to be declared .
preston-leyland-chorley has suffered the effects of major redundancies from closures by such key firms as courtaulds and seddon-atkinson , while job losses at leyland [cars] continue to be declared .

In assessing the benefits of road improvements , the Department of Transport takes account of the direct cost savings which accrue to operators of commercial vehicles resulting from improvements to individual road links .
in assessing the benefits of road improvements , the department of transport takes account of the direct cost savings which accrue to operators of commercial [cars] resulting from improvements to individual road links .

Much of the time the narrative is weighed down by the Boehemer 's perceived seriousness of the subject matter — politics , race and violence in South Africa give new meaning to the phrase ‘ well-worn themes ’ — so that the characters are simply vehicles for the points she wants to make .
much of the time the narrative is weighed down by the boehemer 's perceived seriousness of the subject matter — politics , race and violence in south africa give new meaning to the phrase ‘ well-worn themes ’ — so that the characters are simply [cars] for the points she wants to make .

Passenger figures show a 63pc rise ( up to 173,015 ) and freight is up by 16pc ( to 36,677 vehicles ) .
passenger figures show a 63pc rise ( up to 173,015 ) and freight is up by 16pc ( to 36,677 [cars] ) .

They set up random checkpoints on roads between Ballymena and Portstewart stopping vehicles and looking for drugs .
they set up random checkpoints on roads between ballymena and portstewart stopping [cars] and looking for drugs .

One motorist who was stopped on the way to Bushmills said : ‘ The police were pulling in cars and coaches and taking teenagers out and searching them and the vehicles .
one motorist who was stopped on the way to bushmills said : ‘ the police were pulling in cars and coaches and taking teenagers out and searching them and the [cars] .

And it was revealed today that ‘ most ’ motor dealers are breaking the law by not displaying price tags on vehicles .
and it was revealed today that ‘ most ’ motor dealers are breaking the law by not displaying price tags on [cars] .

The cause of injury at a time of accident is the momentum of the vehicle or vehicles involved in the accident .
the cause of injury at a time of accident is the momentum of the vehicle or [cars] involved in the accident .

This is clearly an absurdity and speed limits should have some dependence on the weight of vehicles and their controlability .
this is clearly an absurdity and speed limits should have some dependence on the weight of [cars] and their controlability .

Blanket speed limits applied to all vehicles must be set at such a low figure as to ensure reasonable safety with the most badly designed vehicle when it is in the worst acceptable state of maintenance .
blanket speed limits applied to all [cars] must be set at such a low figure as to ensure reasonable safety with the most badly designed vehicle when it is in the worst acceptable state of maintenance .

Moreover , if vehicles move more slowly than is necessary , talking nationally , the number of man hours wasted is very large indeed .
moreover , if [cars] move more slowly than is necessary , talking nationally , the number of man hours wasted is very large indeed .

The remainder are responsible for hijacking vehicles , taking over houses and concealing weapons .
the remainder are responsible for hijacking [cars] , taking over houses and concealing weapons .

Total domestic and export sales of all Vauxhall vehicles last year was 402,617 10.3pc up on 1991 .
total domestic and export sales of all vauxhall [cars] last year was 402,617 10.3pc up on 1991 .

We should work towards the production of a style manual for general use in stationery , signs , displays and ephemeral publications , and use a modified form of the ‘ Sibbaldia ’ logo on official stationery , livery on protective clothing , official vehicles and in other appropriate places .
we should work towards the production of a style manual for general use in stationery , signs , displays and ephemeral publications , and use a modified form of the ‘ sibbaldia ’ logo on official stationery , livery on protective clothing , official [cars] and in other appropriate places .

This means you could specialise in property , planning and construction ; insurance ; banking , merchant banking and asset finance ; oil chemicals ; pharmaceuticals ; engineering ; telecommunications ; electronic and computer information technology ; manufacturing of household or heavy industrial goods , ships , aircraft or vehicles ; entertainment ; leisure ; imports and exports ; distribution ; marketing ; advertising .
this means you could specialise in property , planning and construction ; insurance ; banking , merchant banking and asset finance ; oil chemicals ; pharmaceuticals ; engineering ; telecommunications ; electronic and computer information technology ; manufacturing of household or heavy industrial goods , ships , aircraft or [cars] ; entertainment ; leisure ; imports and exports ; distribution ; marketing ; advertising .

This program was designed and programmed to keep track of your vehicles expenses .
this program was designed and programmed to keep track of your [cars] expenses .

It is really for a business with more than three vehicles to look after and keep track of .
it is really for a business with more than three [cars] to look after and keep track of .

Clinton also announced measures to clean up the government 's own house , including a commitment that federal agencies will buy ozone-friendly products , energy-conserving computers , fuel-efficient vehicles and recycled products .
clinton also announced measures to clean up the government 's own house , including a commitment that federal agencies will buy ozone-friendly products , energy-conserving computers , fuel-efficient [cars] and recycled products .

The mean time between road vehicles is r seconds .
the mean time between road [cars] is r seconds .

Because there are more short gaps than long gaps between vehicles the Gaussian probability distribution is not used to approximate the distribution of time gaps between vehicles .
because there are more short gaps than long gaps between [cars] the gaussian probability distribution is not used to approximate the distribution of time gaps between [cars] .

The mean time between vehicles and the time taken by the train to cross the road are the factors that are varied ; the following mean times between vehicles were used : 70 , 35 and 10 seconds .
the mean time between [cars] and the time taken by the train to cross the road are the factors that are varied ; the following mean times between [cars] were used : 70 , 35 and 10 seconds .

The results showed that , for a train crossing time of 10 seconds , the mean delay to road vehicles was 0 .
the results showed that , for a train crossing time of 10 seconds , the mean delay to road [cars] was 0 .

14 second ( 70 seconds between vehicles ) , 0.23 second ( 35 seconds between vehicles ) and 1.8 seconds ( 10 seconds between vehicles ) with the maximum queue length over a 24-hour period being 2 , 2 and 8 vehicles respectively .
14 second ( 70 seconds between [cars] ) , 0.23 second ( 35 seconds between [cars] ) and 1.8 seconds ( 10 seconds between [cars] ) with the maximum queue length over a 24-hour period being 2 , 2 and 8 [cars] respectively .

For instance , it is not realistic to expect that trains will run regularly at fixed intervals throughout the day and night , nor is it true that the mean time between vehicles is the same over a 24-hour period .
for instance , it is not realistic to expect that trains will run regularly at fixed intervals throughout the day and night , nor is it true that the mean time between [cars] is the same over a 24-hour period .

Additional programming would be needed to permit ( a ) the real train timetable to be entered and used by the program and ( b ) changes in the mean time between vehicles to take place at hourly or half-hourly intervals throughout the day to allow a closer representation of reality .
additional programming would be needed to permit ( a ) the real train timetable to be entered and used by the program and ( b ) changes in the mean time between [cars] to take place at hourly or half-hourly intervals throughout the day to allow a closer representation of reality .

Beginning with Frank directing removal vans and other vehicles , with inevitable results , it soon sees the couple 's home of seconds earlier fall down as Frank disappears round the corner in the removal lorry .
beginning with frank directing removal vans and other [cars] , with inevitable results , it soon sees the couple 's home of seconds earlier fall down as frank disappears round the corner in the removal lorry .

It contained the most unpromising terrain for modern warfare of the whole extent of the battlefront — the habitat of the Marsh Arabs , the cluster of lakes north of Basrah , particularly ill-adapted to the deployment of battle tanks and other tracked vehicles .
it contained the most unpromising terrain for modern warfare of the whole extent of the battlefront — the habitat of the marsh arabs , the cluster of lakes north of basrah , particularly ill-adapted to the deployment of battle tanks and other tracked [cars] .

Military vehicles were no rarity in the streets , while press and television maintained a steady flow of information on how things were going on the different fronts .
military [cars] were no rarity in the streets , while press and television maintained a steady flow of information on how things were going on the different fronts .

In a highly controversial episode , a large party of Iraqis , bolting homewards out of Kuwait in assorted vehicles , was blocked by Allied armour at a point called Mutla ‘ Ridge , where Allied aircraft wiped out the entire group .
in a highly controversial episode , a large party of iraqis , bolting homewards out of kuwait in assorted [cars] , was blocked by allied armour at a point called mutla ‘ ridge , where allied aircraft wiped out the entire group .

Some 50 vehicles drove the 4-mile circuit including a vintage coach , horse drawn brewery dray , solar powered car , various commercial vehicles including our own , and a few classic cars for good measure .
some 50 [cars] drove the 4-mile circuit including a vintage coach , horse drawn brewery dray , solar powered car , various commercial [cars] including our own , and a few classic cars for good measure .

With the acquisition of in 1987 inherited a fleet of 12 bulk malt delivery vehicles — we had transferred our own fleet to a contract hire operator two years earlier .
with the acquisition of in 1987 inherited a fleet of 12 bulk malt delivery [cars] — we had transferred our own fleet to a contract hire operator two years earlier .

In the past , Guinness vehicles were loaded and discharged by hand .
in the past , guinness [cars] were loaded and discharged by hand .

On top of those attractions will be a five a side motaball contest , with players ‘ driving ’ small single seater vehicles to ‘ kick ’ a giant ball .
on top of those attractions will be a five a side motaball contest , with players ‘ driving ’ small single seater [cars] to ‘ kick ’ a giant ball .

The rest of us had a series of lectures on Russian and Latvian etiquette , literature , architecture , religion and recognition of uniforms and fighting vehicles of the Soviet Army .
the rest of us had a series of lectures on russian and latvian etiquette , literature , architecture , religion and recognition of uniforms and fighting [cars] of the soviet army .

Their main thrust is against motor vehicles .
their main thrust is against motor [cars] .

Highways are being split down the middle , with special ‘ car pool lanes ’ for vehicles carrying more than two passengers , allowing them to cruise past the traffic jams .
highways are being split down the middle , with special ‘ car pool lanes ’ for [cars] carrying more than two passengers , allowing them to cruise past the traffic jams .

The threat of a mass blockade by thousands of ramshackle vehicles proved to be an awesome bargaining weapon .
the threat of a mass blockade by thousands of ramshackle [cars] proved to be an awesome bargaining weapon .

Has my right hon. Friend seen the view of the chief constable of west Yorkshire , Mr. Peter Nobes , that the upsurge in the taking of motor vehicles has probably occurred since the change in the Criminal Justice Act 1988 , which reduced the unauthorised taking of a motor vehicle to a summary offence triable only at a magistrates court ? He believes that the deterrent effect , which no longer seems to exist for young people , should be reinstated . Is my right hon. Friend willing to consider that further ?
has my right hon. friend seen the view of the chief constable of west yorkshire , mr. peter nobes , that the upsurge in the taking of motor [cars] has probably occurred since the change in the criminal justice act 1988 , which reduced the unauthorised taking of a motor vehicle to a summary offence triable only at a magistrates court ? he believes that the deterrent effect , which no longer seems to exist for young people , should be reinstated . is my right hon. friend willing to consider that further ?

Will the Bill deal with the problem of people reoffending while on bail ? Chief Superintendent Riding of Bolton said that one youth has been arrested 30 times so far this year for taking vehicles .
will the bill deal with the problem of people reoffending while on bail ? chief superintendent riding of bolton said that one youth has been arrested 30 times so far this year for taking [cars] .

Residents and police are in the front line of a war against hooliganism and car crime , including the displaying of stolen vehicles , which is now running at some 10 to 12 reported incidents per week .
residents and police are in the front line of a war against hooliganism and car crime , including the displaying of stolen [cars] , which is now running at some 10 to 12 reported incidents per week .

Dawtrey , 18 , of Boundary Brook Road , Oxford , who admitted causing death by reckless driving and five offences of taking vehicles without consent , was also banned from driving for four years .
dawtrey , 18 , of boundary brook road , oxford , who admitted causing death by reckless driving and five offences of taking [cars] without consent , was also banned from driving for four years .

This indicates that if the court 's desire is to protect the public from persons who take vehicles without the owner 's consent , that is by a sense of general deterrence , then this particular criterion of the Criminal Justice Act will not be applicable The question posed for the courts must be whether taking a vehicle without consent can ever , as an individual offence , be so serious that a non-custodial sentence can not be considered .
this indicates that if the court 's desire is to protect the public from persons who take [cars] without the owner 's consent , that is by a sense of general deterrence , then this particular criterion of the criminal justice act will not be applicable the question posed for the courts must be whether taking a vehicle without consent can ever , as an individual offence , be so serious that a non-custodial sentence can not be considered .

Even with such opportunities as the Bill presents to get cases into the Crown court , where the offence involves only damage to vehicles or property — the vast bulk of cases — it is the value of the damage to property , as set out in clause 2 , that is the criterion , not the extent of the nuisance and danger , although that is the real problem with which we need to get to grips .
even with such opportunities as the bill presents to get cases into the crown court , where the offence involves only damage to [cars] or property — the vast bulk of cases — it is the value of the damage to property , as set out in clause 2 , that is the criterion , not the extent of the nuisance and danger , although that is the real problem with which we need to get to grips .

It is also important that we should all realise that surveys show that a quarter of all stolen cars are used for death riding , just as a quarter of all car thefts happen to unlocked vehicles — which is our fault .
it is also important that we should all realise that surveys show that a quarter of all stolen cars are used for death riding , just as a quarter of all car thefts happen to unlocked [cars] — which is our fault .

There is no reason why we should not lock our vehicles when we leave them and thus prevent that crime .
there is no reason why we should not lock our [cars] when we leave them and thus prevent that crime .

It would arise where a defendant could not prove , on the balance of probabilities , that his story was correct , that someone else was responsible for causing personal injury or damage to the vehicle taken or to other vehicles and articles , and that he was not a party to the offence .
it would arise where a defendant could not prove , on the balance of probabilities , that his story was correct , that someone else was responsible for causing personal injury or damage to the vehicle taken or to other [cars] and articles , and that he was not a party to the offence .

Such a muddled approach is symptomatic of a tendency , among all too many people who should know better , to treat the taking and driving away of vehicles as a less serious offence than it is .
such a muddled approach is symptomatic of a tendency , among all too many people who should know better , to treat the taking and driving away of [cars] as a less serious offence than it is .

of all vehicles taken and driven away unlawfully are damaged when returned to their owner .
of all [cars] taken and driven away unlawfully are damaged when returned to their owner .

The unlawful taking and driving away of vehicles goes well beyond damage to property .
the unlawful taking and driving away of [cars] goes well beyond damage to property .

In 1990 , nearly 500,000 vehicles were stolen in the United Kingdom — one every minute of the night and day .
in 1990 , nearly 500,000 [cars] were stolen in the united kingdom — one every minute of the night and day .

Some 30,000 vehicles were stolen in Northumbria alone , and more than 770,000 thefts were reported from vehicles .
some 30,000 [cars] were stolen in northumbria alone , and more than 770,000 thefts were reported from [cars] .

Nearly one third of all recorded crimes were due to thefts from or of motor vehicles .
nearly one third of all recorded crimes were due to thefts from or of motor [cars] .

About one quarter of missing vehicles were never recovered .
about one quarter of missing [cars] were never recovered .

He was rounded up about a week later , having stolen four more vehicles .
he was rounded up about a week later , having stolen four more [cars] .

That offender damaged no fewer than eight vehicles , and the police gave up the chase on four separate occasions because it was too dangerous to continue pursuing the stolen vehicle at various stages .
that offender damaged no fewer than eight [cars] , and the police gave up the chase on four separate occasions because it was too dangerous to continue pursuing the stolen vehicle at various stages .

It may be no coincidence that just prior to this the Criminal Justice Act 1988 reduced the unauthorised taking of motor vehicles to a summary offence , triable only at magistrates courts .
it may be no coincidence that just prior to this the criminal justice act 1988 reduced the unauthorised taking of motor [cars] to a summary offence , triable only at magistrates courts .

Following this reduction to a less serious ' offence , sentencing policy seems to be that the offence of taking vehicles without consent is not in isolation deemed to be serious enough to attract a custodial sentence .
following this reduction to a less serious ' offence , sentencing policy seems to be that the offence of taking [cars] without consent is not in isolation deemed to be serious enough to attract a custodial sentence .

The chief constable adds : ’ The proposed legislation to deal with aggravated taking of vehicles is most welcomed as recognition that there is a real problem to be addressed .
the chief constable adds : ’ the proposed legislation to deal with aggravated taking of [cars] is most welcomed as recognition that there is a real problem to be addressed .

Over the past few years , there has been a massive increase in hooligan crime — crime perpetrated by maladjusted , ill-disciplined adolescents : vehicle theft , theft from vehicles , vandalism , mugging and , at a lower level , intimidatory cycling on modern pedestrian estates , which is very disturbing for residents .
over the past few years , there has been a massive increase in hooligan crime — crime perpetrated by maladjusted , ill-disciplined adolescents : vehicle theft , theft from [cars] , vandalism , mugging and , at a lower level , intimidatory cycling on modern pedestrian estates , which is very disturbing for residents .

More than half of all recorded crimes are car crimes , involving the theft of vehicles or the theft of property from vehicles .
more than half of all recorded crimes are car crimes , involving the theft of [cars] or the theft of property from [cars] .

It involves predominantly young people who have been involved in taking vehicles without consent for many years .
it involves predominantly young people who have been involved in taking [cars] without consent for many years .

The schemes involve the use of motor vehicles off the road .
the schemes involve the use of motor [cars] off the road .

The Minister will know from many of the schemes that he visits that one of the carrots that they hold out to young people is the ability to drive vehicles off road and eventually to train for a full licence .
the minister will know from many of the schemes that he visits that one of the carrots that they hold out to young people is the ability to drive [cars] off road and eventually to train for a full licence .

Friend the Member for Meriden ( Mr. Mills ) said that such people were not content with being in a car but wanted to be in the boot as well — and by the speed and lethal power of the Cosworths and other vehicles which they steal .
friend the member for meriden ( mr. mills ) said that such people were not content with being in a car but wanted to be in the boot as well — and by the speed and lethal power of the cosworths and other [cars] which they steal .

of the people who take without consent are charged with criminal damage , yet four out of every 10 vehicles returned to their unfortunate owners suffer substantial damage .
of the people who take without consent are charged with criminal damage , yet four out of every 10 [cars] returned to their unfortunate owners suffer substantial damage .

Five million more motor cars on the roads since 1980 mean that there is bound to be more damage to , theft from and taking of motor vehicles .
five million more motor cars on the roads since 1980 mean that there is bound to be more damage to , theft from and taking of motor [cars] .

What impact will the proposed station have on its environment and especially on traffic ? According to British Rail and the Department of Transport 's own published estimates , the new low-level station will double the number of rail passengers passing through the King 's Cross station complex during the morning peak hours . It will double the number of vehicles that will come into King 's Cross or St.
what impact will the proposed station have on its environment and especially on traffic ? according to british rail and the department of transport 's own published estimates , the new low-level station will double the number of rail passengers passing through the king 's cross station complex during the morning peak hours . it will double the number of [cars] that will come into king 's cross or st.

Friend introduced a Bill last week to strengthen the law against those who criminally take other people 's vehicles .
friend introduced a bill last week to strengthen the law against those who criminally take other people 's [cars] .

On the last point , we are committed to minimising the impact of heavy goods vehicles on roads and we are arguing strongly in Europe for road-friendly suspension for lorries .
on the last point , we are committed to minimising the impact of heavy goods [cars] on roads and we are arguing strongly in europe for road-friendly suspension for lorries .

For 2.6 million of our fellow citizens the unemployment figures are not disappointing — they are absolutely devastating . Why does the Prime Minister ignore the evidence of employers , who tell us that unless policies change 50,000 more jobs will go from construction , 40,000 from motor vehicles and textiles , with a further 70,000 manufacturing jobs going ? Why does the Prime Minister ignore all that evidence ? Why does he just sit there and do absolutely nothing to combat the recession that his policies have caused ? After 22 months , does he not yet understand that sitting there crossing his fingers and closing his eyes will not bring recovery ?
for 2.6 million of our fellow citizens the unemployment figures are not disappointing — they are absolutely devastating . why does the prime minister ignore the evidence of employers , who tell us that unless policies change 50,000 more jobs will go from construction , 40,000 from motor [cars] and textiles , with a further 70,000 manufacturing jobs going ? why does the prime minister ignore all that evidence ? why does he just sit there and do absolutely nothing to combat the recession that his policies have caused ? after 22 months , does he not yet understand that sitting there crossing his fingers and closing his eyes will not bring recovery ?

Those are a necessary complement to last year 's directive on emission standards for heavy duty diesel vehicles .
those are a necessary complement to last year 's directive on emission standards for heavy duty diesel [cars] .

Is the Minister aware that many people in London are deeply disturbed by the increasing incidence of asthma among children , but that the Minister for Health has been unable to give figures relating to the level of asthma suffering in London as a result of air pollution , which is caused mainly by vehicles ? In December , air quality levels were the worst for 11 years , with carbon monoxide at 13.3 parts per million , and nitrogen dioxide at 243 parts per billion ? Does he agree that the serious deterioration of air quality in London arises mainly from increasing vehicle movements and that the best course would therefore be to improve public transport , reduce the number of cars going through London and ensure cleaner fuels and cleaner burn to preserve the health of our children , who are suffering grievously because of the increasing levels of pollution in central London ?
is the minister aware that many people in london are deeply disturbed by the increasing incidence of asthma among children , but that the minister for health has been unable to give figures relating to the level of asthma suffering in london as a result of air pollution , which is caused mainly by [cars] ? in december , air quality levels were the worst for 11 years , with carbon monoxide at 13.3 parts per million , and nitrogen dioxide at 243 parts per billion ? does he agree that the serious deterioration of air quality in london arises mainly from increasing vehicle movements and that the best course would therefore be to improve public transport , reduce the number of cars going through london and ensure cleaner fuels and cleaner burn to preserve the health of our children , who are suffering grievously because of the increasing levels of pollution in central london ?

Is the Secretary of State aware that any measures taken to increase car security will be welcome in Northern Ireland , where stolen vehicles are so often used in terrorist murders and other such crimes ? Will he also ask the manufacturers to consider the possibility of installing devices to enable stolen cars to be traced , so that if a terrorist murder is committed the police can get on the track quickly ?
is the secretary of state aware that any measures taken to increase car security will be welcome in northern ireland , where stolen [cars] are so often used in terrorist murders and other such crimes ? will he also ask the manufacturers to consider the possibility of installing devices to enable stolen cars to be traced , so that if a terrorist murder is committed the police can get on the track quickly ?

Although those figures are very encouraging , does my hon. Friend agree that an awful lot of older vehicles could be converted to run on unleaded petrol but that people are ignorant of that fact ? Will my hon. Friend therefore consult his colleagues at the Department of Transport to see whether it is possible for notices to be sent with car tax reminders , indicating whether certain vehicles could be easily converted to run on unleaded petrol ?
although those figures are very encouraging , does my hon. friend agree that an awful lot of older [cars] could be converted to run on unleaded petrol but that people are ignorant of that fact ? will my hon. friend therefore consult his colleagues at the department of transport to see whether it is possible for notices to be sent with car tax reminders , indicating whether certain [cars] could be easily converted to run on unleaded petrol ?

Secondly , traffic levels in east Hackney , with more juggernauts and heavy goods vehicles , would rise considerably , bringing noise , fumes , dirt , accidents and nightmarish living conditions to a wide area .
secondly , traffic levels in east hackney , with more juggernauts and heavy goods [cars] , would rise considerably , bringing noise , fumes , dirt , accidents and nightmarish living conditions to a wide area .

Whilst the weather could have been kinder for the photographers wishing to capture the splendid liveries of the trams , both in the sheds and on the extensive outdoor system , we managed to dodge the couple of showers and visited the considerable number of preserved vehicles and small exhibits .
whilst the weather could have been kinder for the photographers wishing to capture the splendid liveries of the trams , both in the sheds and on the extensive outdoor system , we managed to dodge the couple of showers and visited the considerable number of preserved [cars] and small exhibits .

To do so it is necessary to examine the origins of our literary expectations which so frequently assume that the best literary experience deals with individuals capable of making moral distinctions and to question the pejorative critical formulations which tend to accompany assessments of characters as vehicles for ideas : caricature , static , incompletely realised , and so on .
to do so it is necessary to examine the origins of our literary expectations which so frequently assume that the best literary experience deals with individuals capable of making moral distinctions and to question the pejorative critical formulations which tend to accompany assessments of characters as [cars] for ideas : caricature , static , incompletely realised , and so on .

Spenser represented real cultural preoccupations in his texts but these representational forms became vehicles which helped enforce cultural categories and the apparent identities they confer .
spenser represented real cultural preoccupations in his texts but these representational forms became [cars] which helped enforce cultural categories and the apparent identities they confer .

‘ as fit for the purpose or purposes for which goods of that kind are commonly bought as it is reasonable to expect … ’ In the case of motor vehicles those purposes include , not merely the purpose of driving it from place to place but of doing so with the appropriate degree of comfort , ease of handling and pride in the vehicle 's outward and interior appearance .
‘ as fit for the purpose or purposes for which goods of that kind are commonly bought as it is reasonable to expect … ’ in the case of motor [cars] those purposes include , not merely the purpose of driving it from place to place but of doing so with the appropriate degree of comfort , ease of handling and pride in the vehicle 's outward and interior appearance .

Nevertheless the general approach laid down in Rogers v. Parish ( Scarborough ) Ltd. applies equally to second-hand vehicles Business Applications Specialists Ltd. v. Nationwide Credit Corpn .
nevertheless the general approach laid down in rogers v. parish ( scarborough ) ltd. applies equally to second-hand [cars] business applications specialists ltd. v. nationwide credit corpn .

Certainly , they 'd passed no other vehicles .
certainly , they 'd passed no other [cars] .

‘ Total inadequacy of rural roads ’ , farming community , heavy goods vehicles .
‘ total inadequacy of rural roads ’ , farming community , heavy goods [cars] .

Ensure reflect need to move people and products rather than vehicles .
ensure reflect need to move people and products rather than [cars] .

There is the option of a couple of hours for shopping in Kidderminster , or a short talk on the construction and restoration of railway goods vehicles .
there is the option of a couple of hours for shopping in kidderminster , or a short talk on the construction and restoration of railway goods [cars] .

Very few vehicles pass , but when they do they bear down from nowhere full of gun-toting unsmiling men in the American uniform of checked shirts , peaked caps and bullet-proof , puffa-waistcoats .
very few [cars] pass , but when they do they bear down from nowhere full of gun-toting unsmiling men in the american uniform of checked shirts , peaked caps and bullet-proof , puffa-waistcoats .

We are not seeking to provide a definitive , exhaustive account of the effects of policy ; rather , we are using the models as a source of insights and as vehicles for illustrating mechanisms that may not otherwise be apparent .
we are not seeking to provide a definitive , exhaustive account of the effects of policy ; rather , we are using the models as a source of insights and as [cars] for illustrating mechanisms that may not otherwise be apparent .

General insurance covers such things as accident , vehicles , goods in transit , damage to property , various forms of liability , fire and natural forces and legal expenses .
general insurance covers such things as accident , [cars] , goods in transit , damage to property , various forms of liability , fire and natural forces and legal expenses .

Coffin turned his back to the pier , Peter and Nona had already disappeared down a flight of steps , and walked towards the road , where a line of police vehicles was drawn up .
coffin turned his back to the pier , peter and nona had already disappeared down a flight of steps , and walked towards the road , where a line of police [cars] was drawn up .

The gravel sweep had more sand than gravel on it and the places which vehicles did not pass over were weedy .
the gravel sweep had more sand than gravel on it and the places which [cars] did not pass over were weedy .

There were several other police vehicles parked around , and a small group of men working under floodlights and umbrellas at the back of the court itself , but that was all .
there were several other police [cars] parked around , and a small group of men working under floodlights and umbrellas at the back of the court itself , but that was all .

They were all slumped in the shade of the vehicles , blurred by patches of cigarette smoke .
they were all slumped in the shade of the [cars] , blurred by patches of cigarette smoke .

To take a case from the motoring sphere , supposing one wished to exclude vehicles above a certain length from a residential street ; would the ordinary motorist tolerate a barrier which required a complex reversing manoevre ?
to take a case from the motoring sphere , supposing one wished to exclude [cars] above a certain length from a residential street ; would the ordinary motorist tolerate a barrier which required a complex reversing manoevre ?

The bollards at each end have been successful in keeping out vehicles , without impeding the passage of bicycles , prams etc .
the bollards at each end have been successful in keeping out [cars] , without impeding the passage of bicycles , prams etc .

Cheap petrol at present does not reflect the true environmental costs of global warming and the effects on the health of everyone from the atmospheric pollutants discharged by road vehicles .
cheap petrol at present does not reflect the true environmental costs of global warming and the effects on the health of everyone from the atmospheric pollutants discharged by road [cars] .

There was certainly no shortage of vehicles available .
there was certainly no shortage of [cars] available .

This narrowed our market and the prospective sellers were only too keen to bring their vehicles to our immobile selves for inspection .
this narrowed our market and the prospective sellers were only too keen to bring their [cars] to our immobile selves for inspection .

It also does not kill or maim ( death and serious injury to cyclists in the absence of motor vehicles being very rare ) .
it also does not kill or maim ( death and serious injury to cyclists in the absence of motor [cars] being very rare ) .

It also allows police to seize vehicles used to commit offences under the 1988 Act , such as manslaughter or furious and wanton driving .
it also allows police to seize [cars] used to commit offences under the 1988 act , such as manslaughter or furious and wanton driving .

During the year we have combined the sales and marketing strengths of Johnson Matthey and Emissionsteknik to promote diesel control systems for use on road vehicles and for off-road applications .
during the year we have combined the sales and marketing strengths of johnson matthey and emissionsteknik to promote diesel control systems for use on road [cars] and for off-road applications .

In Europe Johnson Matthey , through Emissionsteknik , is working with Eminox , a leading company in exhaust systems , to offer the benefits of particulate filters and catalytic converter technology on heavy duty vehicles .
in europe johnson matthey , through emissionsteknik , is working with eminox , a leading company in exhaust systems , to offer the benefits of particulate filters and catalytic converter technology on heavy duty [cars] .

At the site of the accident Pan Gulf developers have erected a large hoarding which obscures the view of the road for oncoming traffic and almost opposite a local resident has placed large stones on the grass verge to prevent vehicles encroaching onto his property .
at the site of the accident pan gulf developers have erected a large hoarding which obscures the view of the road for oncoming traffic and almost opposite a local resident has placed large stones on the grass verge to prevent [cars] encroaching onto his property .

On a similar matter a local resident mentioned that the owners of the property known as Rivendell have , in effect , extended their garden by planting shrubs etc on the grass verge thus making it impossible for either vehicles or pedestrians to use this as a refuge in an emergency .
on a similar matter a local resident mentioned that the owners of the property known as rivendell have , in effect , extended their garden by planting shrubs etc on the grass verge thus making it impossible for either [cars] or pedestrians to use this as a refuge in an emergency .

For most of the length there is no footpath and no way for a pedestrian to avoid oncoming vehicles .
for most of the length there is no footpath and no way for a pedestrian to avoid oncoming [cars] .

On a previous occasion when Station Lane was closed to vehicles there were problems because the contractors refused to allow pedal cycles to proceed .
on a previous occasion when station lane was closed to [cars] there were problems because the contractors refused to allow pedal cycles to proceed .

It was thought that the position of these encourages motorists to cut the corner when coming over the bridge thus causing a hazard to vehicles and pedestrians coming the other way .
it was thought that the position of these encourages motorists to cut the corner when coming over the bridge thus causing a hazard to [cars] and pedestrians coming the other way .

There are two narrow bridges , both on bends , and many other blind corners where pedestrians can not step off the carriageway to avoid oncoming vehicles .
there are two narrow bridges , both on bends , and many other blind corners where pedestrians can not step off the carriageway to avoid oncoming [cars] .

It is restricted to the use of children under 14 and in my opinion would not be suitable for large numbers of bikes or support vehicles .
it is restricted to the use of children under 14 and in my opinion would not be suitable for large numbers of bikes or support [cars] .

Brambles from the embankment are beginning to encroach onto the highway causing problems both for pedestrians and for vehicles .
brambles from the embankment are beginning to encroach onto the highway causing problems both for pedestrians and for [cars] .

Making an estimate of the second measure of objective risk would mean estimating the number of accidents per ten million vehicles ( or some other large denominator ) .
making an estimate of the second measure of objective risk would mean estimating the number of accidents per ten million [cars] ( or some other large denominator ) .

speed driven , number of other vehicles present , time spent at junction ) .
speed driven , number of other [cars] present , time spent at junction ) .

From these figures it was possible to calculate the number of vehicles passing through each of the 40 junctions over the same period .
from these figures it was possible to calculate the number of [cars] passing through each of the 40 junctions over the same period .

For both measures ( total accidents and accidents per 1000 vehicles ) the correlation with accident estimates is significantly higher than that with risk ratings ( for total accidents t ( 1137 ) =4.23 , p < 0.01 , for accidents per 1000 vehicles t ( 1137 ) =2.74 , p < 0.01 ) .
for both measures ( total accidents and accidents per 1000 [cars] ) the correlation with accident estimates is significantly higher than that with risk ratings ( for total accidents t ( 1137 ) =4.23 , p < 0.01 , for accidents per 1000 [cars] t ( 1137 ) =2.74 , p < 0.01 ) .

For both accident estimates and risk ratings the correlation with total accidents is significantly higher than that with accidents per 1000 vehicles , t ( 1137 ) =9.79 , p < 0.01 and t ( 1137 ) =7.13 , p < 0.01 respectively .
for both accident estimates and risk ratings the correlation with total accidents is significantly higher than that with accidents per 1000 [cars] , t ( 1137 ) =9.79 , p < 0.01 and t ( 1137 ) =7.13 , p < 0.01 respectively .

The time taken to pass between the two points was recorded from the video for each junction and the number of vehicles visible in that period was also recorded .
the time taken to pass between the two points was recorded from the video for each junction and the number of [cars] visible in that period was also recorded .

The number of vehicles recorded at a junction ranged from none to 105 , mean 10.4 .
the number of [cars] recorded at a junction ranged from none to 105 , mean 10.4 .

Correlations with time at junction , average speed over junction and the number of vehicles seen at the junction are calculated from the video record for 28 subjects only .
correlations with time at junction , average speed over junction and the number of [cars] seen at the junction are calculated from the video record for 28 subjects only .

Risk ratings and accident estimates were both significantly correlated with the two measures of objective risk , time spent at the junction , vehicles seen , and the average driving speed at the junction ( negatively ) .
risk ratings and accident estimates were both significantly correlated with the two measures of objective risk , time spent at the junction , [cars] seen , and the average driving speed at the junction ( negatively ) .

There were also significant correlations with the actual accident statistics , r ( 1064 ) =0.142 , average weekday traffic flow , r ( 1064 ) =0.236 , accident estimate , r ( 1064 ) =0.278 , the time spent at the junction , r ( 1064 ) =0.246 , the number of vehicles visible in the film , r ( 1064 ) =0.201 , and the average speed at the junction , r ( 1064 ) =-0.118 , all of which are to a large degree measures of how much would actually have been happening at the junction .
there were also significant correlations with the actual accident statistics , r ( 1064 ) =0.142 , average weekday traffic flow , r ( 1064 ) =0.236 , accident estimate , r ( 1064 ) =0.278 , the time spent at the junction , r ( 1064 ) =0.246 , the number of [cars] visible in the film , r ( 1064 ) =0.201 , and the average speed at the junction , r ( 1064 ) =-0.118 , all of which are to a large degree measures of how much would actually have been happening at the junction .

Simply calculating correlations across the 40 junctions there are also significant correlations of recall with accident estimate , r ( 38 ) =0.722 , p < 0.01 , the time spent at the junction , r ( 38 ) =0.690 , p < 0.01 , the number of vehicles seen , r ( 38 ) =0.517 , p < 0.01 , and the actual accident statistics at the junction , r ( 38 ) =0.310 , p < 0.05 .
simply calculating correlations across the 40 junctions there are also significant correlations of recall with accident estimate , r ( 38 ) =0.722 , p < 0.01 , the time spent at the junction , r ( 38 ) =0.690 , p < 0.01 , the number of [cars] seen , r ( 38 ) =0.517 , p < 0.01 , and the actual accident statistics at the junction , r ( 38 ) =0.310 , p < 0.05 .

These mean ratings , together with the number of vehicles at the junction and the time spent there , are presented in Table 3.5 .
these mean ratings , together with the number of [cars] at the junction and the time spent there , are presented in table 3.5 .

The difference for accident estimates approaches significance but the differences in vehicles seen or time at junction do not .
the difference for accident estimates approaches significance but the differences in [cars] seen or time at junction do not .

Not only is there a significant relationship between the two , but this relationship remains significant even when comparisons are made within individual junctions , a procedure which leaves no significant effect on recall of estimated risk , number of vehicles seen or the time spent at the junction .
not only is there a significant relationship between the two , but this relationship remains significant even when comparisons are made within individual junctions , a procedure which leaves no significant effect on recall of estimated risk , number of [cars] seen or the time spent at the junction .

their speed , proximity to other vehicles etc .
their speed , proximity to other [cars] etc .

This result was particularly striking when junctions were considered individually and it became clear that this relationship was at least partly independent of the amount of time spent at the junction , number of vehicles seen and the judgment of estimated risk made at the same time .
this result was particularly striking when junctions were considered individually and it became clear that this relationship was at least partly independent of the amount of time spent at the junction , number of [cars] seen and the judgment of estimated risk made at the same time .

For comparison Figures 4.3 and 4.4 show the mean length of the films of each junction and the mean number of motor vehicles visible in the films .
for comparison figures 4.3 and 4.4 show the mean length of the films of each junction and the mean number of motor [cars] visible in the films .

However , there are more substantial differences in the number of motor vehicles visible .
however , there are more substantial differences in the number of motor [cars] visible .

There are significant correlations between risk ratings and both these measures , r ( 58 ) =0.32 , p < 0.05 , with the length of the film and r ( 58 ) =0.39 , p < 0.01 , with the number of vehicles visible .
there are significant correlations between risk ratings and both these measures , r ( 58 ) =0.32 , p < 0.05 , with the length of the film and r ( 58 ) =0.39 , p < 0.01 , with the number of [cars] visible .

Neither of the measures is significantly correlated with accident estimates , r ( 58 ) =0.16 with length of film and r ( 58 ) =0.17 with number of vehicles visible .
neither of the measures is significantly correlated with accident estimates , r ( 58 ) =0.16 with length of film and r ( 58 ) =0.17 with number of [cars] visible .

In the Hall study accidents at 177 signalized crossroads were analysed over a period of four years , over this period accidents involving a vehicle turning right outnumbered those to vehicles turning left by a ratio of 6.6:1 ( accidents involving one vehicle turning in each direction were excluded from the analysis ) .
in the hall study accidents at 177 signalized crossroads were analysed over a period of four years , over this period accidents involving a vehicle turning right outnumbered those to [cars] turning left by a ratio of 6.6:1 ( accidents involving one vehicle turning in each direction were excluded from the analysis ) .

the colour of other vehicles ) .
the colour of other [cars] ) .

Adjacent is a car park for 2,600 vehicles .
adjacent is a car park for 2,600 [cars] .

34 New Diesel Catalyst manufacturing facility at Royston tackling the problems associated with diesel engine vehicles
34 new diesel catalyst manufacturing facility at royston tackling the problems associated with diesel engine [cars]

Opposite and this page : Manufacturing auto catalysts for the control of emissions from diesel engine vehicles at Johnson Matthey 's new production facility in Royston
opposite and this page : manufacturing auto catalysts for the control of emissions from diesel engine [cars] at johnson matthey 's new production facility in royston

The Old Testament kings had been warriors and conquerors , smiting their enemies , but they had also been vehicles through whom the law of God was interpreted and enforced .
the old testament kings had been warriors and conquerors , smiting their enemies , but they had also been [cars] through whom the law of god was interpreted and enforced .

All vehicles carry videotapes and illustrative material and are designed to accommodate up to sixteen girls working in pairs at eight work stations .
all [cars] carry videotapes and illustrative material and are designed to accommodate up to sixteen girls working in pairs at eight work stations .

The vehicles are available for :
the [cars] are available for :

Since the launch of the first bus the vehicles have been used for periods of between one and three weeks in some 70 LEAs and schools throughout England , Scotland and Wales .
since the launch of the first bus the [cars] have been used for periods of between one and three weeks in some 70 leas and schools throughout england , scotland and wales .

To date , six vehicles have been converted ( five buses and one trailer ) as mobile teaching/exhibition units each providing a programme of ‘ hands on ’ technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range . Whilst the work stations on each vehicle are not identical opportunities are provided for work in :
to date , six [cars] have been converted ( five buses and one trailer ) as mobile teaching/exhibition units each providing a programme of ‘ hands on ’ technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range . whilst the work stations on each vehicle are not identical opportunities are provided for work in :

Even with six vehicles it is not possible to visit more than a small percentage of the schools in England , Scotland and Wales .
even with six [cars] it is not possible to visit more than a small percentage of the schools in england , scotland and wales .

Currently the schedule for the vehicles is arranged until the Autumn of 1993 , with many more requests on file .
currently the schedule for the [cars] is arranged until the autumn of 1993 , with many more requests on file .

sponsorship of one or more work stations on the vehicles
sponsorship of one or more work stations on the [cars]

Insurance also covers personal effects required during travel on Company business and the use of privately owned motor vehicles for authorised business purposes .
insurance also covers personal effects required during travel on company business and the use of privately owned motor [cars] for authorised business purposes .

These attractions are as diverse as war games , vintage vehicles and flying falcons .
these attractions are as diverse as war games , vintage [cars] and flying falcons .

More than 1,000 classic and vintage vehicles are due to take part in the 350-mile event .
more than 1,000 classic and vintage [cars] are due to take part in the 350-mile event .

One of the biggest articulated vehicles on the road , the 44-foot long unit replaces an ageing , converted lorry trailer .
one of the biggest articulated [cars] on the road , the 44-foot long unit replaces an ageing , converted lorry trailer .

Mr Bolter added : ‘ It is one of the most advanced vehicles of its type .
mr bolter added : ‘ it is one of the most advanced [cars] of its type .

Overall , they were intended to bring emission standards for heavy vehicles into line with those for cars .
overall , they were intended to bring emission standards for heavy [cars] into line with those for cars .

Some 5,000 right-wing white farmers used farm vehicles to bring Pretoria to a standstill on Jan. 29 in a protest at government agricultural and economic policies , including uncertainty about anticipated amendments to the Land Act which would desegregate land ownership .
some 5,000 right-wing white farmers used farm [cars] to bring pretoria to a standstill on jan. 29 in a protest at government agricultural and economic policies , including uncertainty about anticipated amendments to the land act which would desegregate land ownership .

Croatian forces then took advantage of the lull to begin moving heavy artillery , vehicles , armoured personnel carriers and tanks seized from army bases into combat positions , particularly around Vukovar and Novska ( near where the motorway was cut ) .
croatian forces then took advantage of the lull to begin moving heavy artillery , [cars] , armoured personnel carriers and tanks seized from army bases into combat positions , particularly around vukovar and novska ( near where the motorway was cut ) .

The exhaust emissions standards could only be met with current technology by installing three-way catalytic converters in petrol-driven vehicles .
the exhaust emissions standards could only be met with current technology by installing three-way catalytic converters in petrol-driven [cars] .

On Aug. 29 , 1990 , the government announced drastic energy-saving measures to reduce fuel consumption , including the introduction of rationing vouchers to achieve a 50 and 30 per cent cut in petrol and diesel supplies for the state sector and private vehicles respectively .
on aug. 29 , 1990 , the government announced drastic energy-saving measures to reduce fuel consumption , including the introduction of rationing vouchers to achieve a 50 and 30 per cent cut in petrol and diesel supplies for the state sector and private [cars] respectively .

— limiting to 1,600 strategic nuclear delivery vehicles , ballistic missiles ( as opposed to warheads ) and bombers ;
— limiting to 1,600 strategic nuclear delivery [cars] , ballistic missiles ( as opposed to warheads ) and bombers ;

Financial and logistical support ( vehicles , petrol and food ) had been provided for the coup by Haiti 's rich minority , who saw Aristide as bent on fomenting class war .
financial and logistical support ( [cars] , petrol and food ) had been provided for the coup by haiti 's rich minority , who saw aristide as bent on fomenting class war .

Security sources said that 150 Lebanese army commandos in armoured vehicles arrived in the region to join 11,000 troops already there .
security sources said that 150 lebanese army commandos in armoured [cars] arrived in the region to join 11,000 troops already there .

Reports spoke of three deaths , the burning of four barracks and the theft of cash and vehicles .
reports spoke of three deaths , the burning of four barracks and the theft of cash and [cars] .

Macedonian vehicles were being turned back at the Greek border and hundreds of thousands of demonstrators in Salonika ( Greek Macedonia ) protested on Feb. 14 at the republic 's use of the name Macedonia .
macedonian [cars] were being turned back at the greek border and hundreds of thousands of demonstrators in salonika ( greek macedonia ) protested on feb. 14 at the republic 's use of the name macedonia .

Initially the unrest was characterized by interracial mob violence , with white and hispanic motorists being dragged from their vehicles and beaten by black gangs .
initially the unrest was characterized by interracial mob violence , with white and hispanic motorists being dragged from their [cars] and beaten by black gangs .

The demonstrators set fire to vehicles and blocked access roads with barricades made from burning tyres .
the demonstrators set fire to [cars] and blocked access roads with barricades made from burning tyres .

Police were instructed to cease searching vehicles and homes without warrant and to remove all roadblocks immediately .
police were instructed to cease searching [cars] and homes without warrant and to remove all roadblocks immediately .

The most immediate impact would be on transport , through the creation of a national rail freight corporation and a national registration and taxation scheme for heavy vehicles .
the most immediate impact would be on transport , through the creation of a national rail freight corporation and a national registration and taxation scheme for heavy [cars] .

Tariffs on passenger vehicles were to be reduced from 35 per cent in 1992 to 15 per cent by 2000 , and protection for textiles , clothing and footwear was to be cut from a maximum of 55 per cent to 25 per cent .
tariffs on passenger [cars] were to be reduced from 35 per cent in 1992 to 15 per cent by 2000 , and protection for textiles , clothing and footwear was to be cut from a maximum of 55 per cent to 25 per cent .

Special tribunals would try crimes extending from the wilful destruction of vehicles and property to murder , and judges were empowered to pass sentences within 30 days of conviction , ranging from five years to life imprisonment and death .
special tribunals would try crimes extending from the wilful destruction of [cars] and property to murder , and judges were empowered to pass sentences within 30 days of conviction , ranging from five years to life imprisonment and death .

The Treaty imposed equal ceilings on non-nuclear weapons located between the Atlantic Ocean and the Ural Mountains , restricting each side to 20,000 tanks , 20,000 artillery pieces , 30,000 armoured combat vehicles , 6,800 combat aircraft and 2,000 attack helicopters .
the treaty imposed equal ceilings on non-nuclear weapons located between the atlantic ocean and the ural mountains , restricting each side to 20,000 tanks , 20,000 artillery pieces , 30,000 armoured combat [cars] , 6,800 combat aircraft and 2,000 attack helicopters .

Stoltenberg 's resignation followed a controversy over the sale of German armoured vehicles to Turkey , and the widespread public condemnation of their use by Turkish government forces in an offensive against Kurds in south-east Turkey [ see p. 38834 ] .
stoltenberg 's resignation followed a controversy over the sale of german armoured [cars] to turkey , and the widespread public condemnation of their use by turkish government forces in an offensive against kurds in south-east turkey [ see p. 38834 ] .

Pro-Mobutu troops surrounded the parliament building with tanks and armoured vehicles on Oct. 5 to protect this unauthorized session .
pro-mobutu troops surrounded the parliament building with tanks and armoured [cars] on oct. 5 to protect this unauthorized session .

Police fired into a crowd of demonstrators , killing and injuring a number of bystanders , after left-wing activists had reportedly set fire to a Royal Nepal Airlines fuel depot and smashed street lamps , telephone exchange equipment and vehicles in both Kathmandu and the nearby town of Patan .
police fired into a crowd of demonstrators , killing and injuring a number of bystanders , after left-wing activists had reportedly set fire to a royal nepal airlines fuel depot and smashed street lamps , telephone exchange equipment and [cars] in both kathmandu and the nearby town of patan .

As thousands of troops and vehicles , many loaded with looted goods , struggled north on the main road to Basra , they became caught in a congested and disorganized column many kilometres in length , and were subjected to hours of ruthless attack from the air with cluster bombs and , possibly , incendiary weapons .
as thousands of troops and [cars] , many loaded with looted goods , struggled north on the main road to basra , they became caught in a congested and disorganized column many kilometres in length , and were subjected to hours of ruthless attack from the air with cluster bombs and , possibly , incendiary weapons .

Some managed to cross by using overloaded pontoon bridges or a range of small vessels , but these too were the objects of relentless allied air attack , as were the troops and vehicles stranded on either bank of the waterway .
some managed to cross by using overloaded pontoon bridges or a range of small vessels , but these too were the objects of relentless allied air attack , as were the troops and [cars] stranded on either bank of the waterway .

Concern was also expressed that the sight of armoured vehicles on the streets would heighten public fears of the onset of dictatorship .
concern was also expressed that the sight of armoured [cars] on the streets would heighten public fears of the onset of dictatorship .

Early on Feb. 18 , Soviet troops supported by three tanks and 10 armoured vehicles stormed a training camp of the Mkhedrioni , a paramilitary Georgian nationalist group , near the Georgian capital , Tbilisi .
early on feb. 18 , soviet troops supported by three tanks and 10 armoured [cars] stormed a training camp of the mkhedrioni , a paramilitary georgian nationalist group , near the georgian capital , tbilisi .

This had been banned throughout Albania 's more than four decades of communist rule , and the only motorized vehicles seen on the streets were those used by state enterprises , by the army and police , and by senior officials .
this had been banned throughout albania 's more than four decades of communist rule , and the only motorized [cars] seen on the streets were those used by state enterprises , by the army and police , and by senior officials .

The decree allowed enterprises and institutions to sell their vehicles to private citizens through state retail outlets .
the decree allowed enterprises and institutions to sell their [cars] to private citizens through state retail outlets .

The crime in s.9 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 of vehicle interference ( see Chapter 12 ) partly covers this gap , though that crime is restricted to motor vehicles .
the crime in s.9 of the criminal attempts act 1981 of vehicle interference ( see chapter 12 ) partly covers this gap , though that crime is restricted to motor [cars] .

By sub-s. ( 3 ) `` building `` includes inhabited vehicles and vessels .
by sub-s. ( 3 ) `` building `` includes inhabited [cars] and vessels .

One or two lkg slices were placed in a special tray at the top of the familiar airline catering trolleys which were then transported in unrefrigerated vehicles to the aircraft .
one or two lkg slices were placed in a special tray at the top of the familiar airline catering trolleys which were then transported in unrefrigerated [cars] to the aircraft .

The second defendant also drove negligently and collided with the vehicles that had been involved in the first accident , killing the plaintiff .
the second defendant also drove negligently and collided with the [cars] that had been involved in the first accident , killing the plaintiff .

It has been held to cover motor vehicles , lifts , clothes , cleaning fluids and buildings .
it has been held to cover motor [cars] , lifts , clothes , cleaning fluids and buildings .

Further definition is provided by s. 45(1) to include substances , growing crops , things comprised in land by virtue of being attached to it , ships , aircraft and vehicles .
further definition is provided by s. 45(1) to include substances , growing crops , things comprised in land by virtue of being attached to it , ships , aircraft and [cars] .

The defendant 's vehicle was in breach of the Construction and Use Regulations for motor vehicles .
the defendant 's vehicle was in breach of the construction and use regulations for motor [cars] .

The same could be true of software used to design buildings and vehicles .
the same could be true of software used to design buildings and [cars] .

any liability in connection with vehicles .
any liability in connection with [cars] .

The sale , for a sum not thought to be material , marks the final dismemberment of Metro-Cammell Weymann , the vehicles business which unbeknown to Laird lost £50m over several years .
the sale , for a sum not thought to be material , marks the final dismemberment of metro-cammell weymann , the [cars] business which unbeknown to laird lost £50m over several years .

Several police vehicles were burned or wrecked , windows were smashed and public buildings were damaged .
several police [cars] were burned or wrecked , windows were smashed and public buildings were damaged .

On the Continent , governments have actively encouraged the use of diesel-powered vehicles as a way of stretching resources .
on the continent , governments have actively encouraged the use of diesel-powered [cars] as a way of stretching resources .

Similar principles apply to all vehicles that are required to travel in a straight line .
similar principles apply to all [cars] that are required to travel in a straight line .

We then did n't have enough materials for the wall so we had to shorten its length , which in turn meant there was not enough room for media vehicles and not enough space for VIPs to manoeuvre their cars in , and that meant altering security arrangements .
we then did n't have enough materials for the wall so we had to shorten its length , which in turn meant there was not enough room for media [cars] and not enough space for vips to manoeuvre their cars in , and that meant altering security arrangements .

Someone else got up to reply , with some indignation , and said that private individuals transported goods and passengers much more cheaply that the government could manage ; government garages were scrap-heaps for vehicles which any private individual could repair in half an hour .
someone else got up to reply , with some indignation , and said that private individuals transported goods and passengers much more cheaply that the government could manage ; government garages were scrap-heaps for [cars] which any private individual could repair in half an hour .

Still , rich men had motor vehicles in greater number and in better condition than middling men ; poor men had none at all .
still , rich men had motor [cars] in greater number and in better condition than middling men ; poor men had none at all .

Traffic was strictly regulated in Arcady , ground vehicles being confined to certain routes , especially those that were outside the city regulations concerning fuel effluent , such as the Star Eye trucks .
traffic was strictly regulated in arcady , ground [cars] being confined to certain routes , especially those that were outside the city regulations concerning fuel effluent , such as the star eye trucks .

The British contingent is based on the 145 members of 24 Field Ambulance , from Catterick , North Yorkshire , who will take with them 18 ambulances , 62 other vehicles and a selection of mechanics , communications , logistics and headquarters personnel .
the british contingent is based on the 145 members of 24 field ambulance , from catterick , north yorkshire , who will take with them 18 ambulances , 62 other [cars] and a selection of mechanics , communications , logistics and headquarters personnel .

Traffic across the border is always heavy — about 12,000 vehicles a day , according to officials — because many Libyans go on shopping day-trips to Tunisia .
traffic across the border is always heavy — about 12,000 [cars] a day , according to officials — because many libyans go on shopping day-trips to tunisia .

Many of the vehicles found their way back to the West , some were delivered to the Middle East and some to the Soviet Union .
many of the [cars] found their way back to the west , some were delivered to the middle east and some to the soviet union .

They have access to a ring of thieves who act as couriers , stripping streets of luxury cars or ramming the gates of car showrooms and disappearing with the entire fleet of vehicles .
they have access to a ring of thieves who act as couriers , stripping streets of luxury cars or ramming the gates of car showrooms and disappearing with the entire fleet of [cars] .

He sounds a further note of caution : ‘ It is sometimes difficult to be sure you are sending your cars to be serviced at a garage that is properly equipped to deal with diesel vehicles and has appropriately trained staff . ’
he sounds a further note of caution : ‘ it is sometimes difficult to be sure you are sending your cars to be serviced at a garage that is properly equipped to deal with diesel [cars] and has appropriately trained staff . ’

But now ‘ job ’ cars are going diesel completely , because from next year all cars must be cat-equipped if they are petrol vehicles , and so the price differential has been ironed out between petrol and diesel , since ‘ cat ’ cars are more expensive than non-'cats ' .
but now ‘ job ’ cars are going diesel completely , because from next year all cars must be cat-equipped if they are petrol [cars] , and so the price differential has been ironed out between petrol and diesel , since ‘ cat ’ cars are more expensive than non-'cats ' .

Gross is in charge of a 1,100 fleet made up of 800 ‘ job ’ cars and 300 user-chooser vehicles , and is expecting to save around £400 a year per car by switching to diesel with a mix of manufacturers .
gross is in charge of a 1,100 fleet made up of 800 ‘ job ’ cars and 300 user-chooser [cars] , and is expecting to save around £400 a year per car by switching to diesel with a mix of manufacturers .

The vehicles are standard models .
the [cars] are standard models .

Building one of these vehicles is an expensive exercise .
building one of these [cars] is an expensive exercise .

City of London police said that partial closures meant Leadenhall Street and Cornhill were open to vehicles for access only and not used as through routes .
city of london police said that partial closures meant leadenhall street and cornhill were open to [cars] for access only and not used as through routes .

Detectives trying to trace the vans — a Ford Transit and a Bedford — have appealed for information from anyone who may have sold such vehicles in recent weeks .
detectives trying to trace the vans — a ford transit and a bedford — have appealed for information from anyone who may have sold such [cars] in recent weeks .

In addition to vehicles using the motorway and North Circular , the junction normally copes with heavy traffic heading for the Brent Cross shopping centre .
in addition to [cars] using the motorway and north circular , the junction normally copes with heavy traffic heading for the brent cross shopping centre .

One is Daimler-Benz , the aerospace and vehicles group .
one is daimler-benz , the aerospace and [cars] group .

Paul is declaring that none of the things we boast about , or trust in — intellect , upbringing , orthodoxy , good life , and so on — are vehicles of salvation .
paul is declaring that none of the things we boast about , or trust in — intellect , upbringing , orthodoxy , good life , and so on — are [cars] of salvation .

As matters stand , the number of vehicles is expected to grow from five million in 1985 to almost 8 million in 2010 .
as matters stand , the number of [cars] is expected to grow from five million in 1985 to almost 8 million in 2010 .

Although passenger cars are expected to be 80–90 per cent ‘ cleaner ’ ( and lorries 75 — per cent ) under the plan , there obviously comes a point where , unless there is an endless expansion of the road system , so many vehicles will defeat their purpose , mobility , and still be , however ‘ clean ’ , a pollution problem .
although passenger cars are expected to be 80–90 per cent ‘ cleaner ’ ( and lorries 75 — per cent ) under the plan , there obviously comes a point where , unless there is an endless expansion of the road system , so many [cars] will defeat their purpose , mobility , and still be , however ‘ clean ’ , a pollution problem .

They can succeed only if they fit in with similar international plans ; in the Netherlands ' case , with the standards agreed by the European Community to which it belongs , and that applies particularly to vehicles .
they can succeed only if they fit in with similar international plans ; in the netherlands ' case , with the standards agreed by the european community to which it belongs , and that applies particularly to [cars] .

Wherever one goes , whatever statistical projection is used in an attempt to bring the future into focus , one is aware of a rising sea of people and their vehicles which defeats frontiers .
wherever one goes , whatever statistical projection is used in an attempt to bring the future into focus , one is aware of a rising sea of people and their [cars] which defeats frontiers .

Vehicles are the main source of man-made nitrogen oxides , one of which , nitrous oxide , is a greenhouse gas .
[cars] are the main source of man-made nitrogen oxides , one of which , nitrous oxide , is a greenhouse gas .

What was needed was a much improved rail link to Southampton , backed by a tax policy that would penalize motor vehicles and favour the railways .
what was needed was a much improved rail link to southampton , backed by a tax policy that would penalize motor [cars] and favour the railways .

If , for example , lean-burn engines are developed by Western manufacturers as the best way of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by the world 's rapidly increasing stock of vehicles , is the technology passed on free of charge to developing countries beginning a build-up to mass production from their own motor industries ?
if , for example , lean-burn engines are developed by western manufacturers as the best way of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by the world 's rapidly increasing stock of [cars] , is the technology passed on free of charge to developing countries beginning a build-up to mass production from their own motor industries ?

In addition to the launch vehicles provided by the Soviet Union , Iraq has apparently invented a makeshift disposable launcher of its own .
in addition to the launch [cars] provided by the soviet union , iraq has apparently invented a makeshift disposable launcher of its own .

Traces of at least a dozen different cars up that wee track that leads back to the road , and of two or three heavy vehicles , all very deeply indented .
traces of at least a dozen different cars up that wee track that leads back to the road , and of two or three heavy [cars] , all very deeply indented .

One Victorian scheme was for a tunnel lit by candles , where horses would draw passengers across in special vehicles , pausing only at an artificial island in the middle of the Channel for everyone to come up for air and water .
one victorian scheme was for a tunnel lit by candles , where horses would draw passengers across in special [cars] , pausing only at an artificial island in the middle of the channel for everyone to come up for air and water .

Coach services have increased and are provided in modern , comfortable vehicles at competitive prices .
coach services have increased and are provided in modern , comfortable [cars] at competitive prices .

Lead emissions from British vehicles fell by more than half between 1975 and 1988 .
lead emissions from british [cars] fell by more than half between 1975 and 1988 .

Four out of five of their rescue vehicles were out of commission for repairs or oil changes .
four out of five of their rescue [cars] were out of commission for repairs or oil changes .

In fact , little is known about drought 's most likely victims , who often live beyond the reach of the aid workers ' vehicles .
in fact , little is known about drought 's most likely victims , who often live beyond the reach of the aid workers ' [cars] .

Some are police cars or rental vehicles , for example , but most are kept by individual drivers .
some are police cars or rental [cars] , for example , but most are kept by individual drivers .

Most employees select their company car from a list of vehicles within a certain price range .
most employees select their company car from a list of [cars] within a certain price range .

When the final numbers are tallied , sales of new cars and light trucks in the United States in 1990 will almost certainly have fallen by about 500,000 , to 14m vehicles .
when the final numbers are tallied , sales of new cars and light trucks in the united states in 1990 will almost certainly have fallen by about 500,000 , to 14m [cars] .

Indeed David Newbery , of the department of applied economics at Cambridge University , argues * that the costs of accidents may be as large as all the other costs that vehicles inflict on society taken together .
indeed david newbery , of the department of applied economics at cambridge university , argues * that the costs of accidents may be as large as all the other costs that [cars] inflict on society taken together .

The best known of the Power surveys is the Customer Satisfaction Index , which asks 30,000 drivers to rate the quality of their vehicles and the standard of service provided by dealers a year after their purchase .
the best known of the power surveys is the customer satisfaction index , which asks 30,000 drivers to rate the quality of their [cars] and the standard of service provided by dealers a year after their purchase .

Members have been asked to hand in their guns , grenade throwers , anti-aircraft guns and armoured vehicles .
members have been asked to hand in their guns , grenade throwers , anti-aircraft guns and armoured [cars] .

Members have been asked to hand in guns , grenade throwers , anti-aircraft guns and armoured vehicles .
members have been asked to hand in guns , grenade throwers , anti-aircraft guns and armoured [cars] .

Members have been asked to hand in their guns , grenade throwers , anti-aircraft guns and armoured vehicles to the army and the police .
members have been asked to hand in their guns , grenade throwers , anti-aircraft guns and armoured [cars] to the army and the police .

The demonstrators came despite pelting snow and rumours that tanks and armoured vehicles were lurking on the city outskirts .
the demonstrators came despite pelting snow and rumours that tanks and armoured [cars] were lurking on the city outskirts .

The demonstrators came despite pelting snow and rumours that tanks and armoured vehicles were lurking on the city outskirts .
the demonstrators came despite pelting snow and rumours that tanks and armoured [cars] were lurking on the city outskirts .

Occasionally the traffic had to be stopped to prevent modern vehicles spoiling the period setting .
occasionally the traffic had to be stopped to prevent modern [cars] spoiling the period setting .

Officially the trams , which use railway lines for the most part with a quick dive into the streets as they reach the city centre , are ‘ Light Rapid Transit ’ vehicles , or LRTs .
officially the trams , which use railway lines for the most part with a quick dive into the streets as they reach the city centre , are ‘ light rapid transit ’ [cars] , or lrts .

Heron — which builds houses , owns petrol stations and imports Suzuki vehicles as well as selling other cars including Rolls-Royce — made a small trading loss in the year to March , compared with a £60m profit in 1990–91 .
heron — which builds houses , owns petrol stations and imports suzuki [cars] as well as selling other cars including rolls-royce — made a small trading loss in the year to march , compared with a £60m profit in 1990–91 .

Suitable investment vehicles over the medium to long term include tax exempt special savings accounts , personal equity plans , unit trusts and investment trusts .
suitable investment [cars] over the medium to long term include tax exempt special savings accounts , personal equity plans , unit trusts and investment trusts .

The South Africans were escorted through red traffic lights to their hotel by police motorcyclists and vehicles , but there was not a demonstrator in sight .
the south africans were escorted through red traffic lights to their hotel by police motorcyclists and [cars] , but there was not a demonstrator in sight .

Some 1,400 new vehicles have been added to the fleet to replace much older stock , and by next year the average age of vehicles will be down to seven years .
some 1,400 new [cars] have been added to the fleet to replace much older stock , and by next year the average age of [cars] will be down to seven years .

Reports indicated that Serbian forces counter-attacked yesterday after Croatian units , apparently using tanks and armoured vehicles , overran Kupres , in strategic highlands separating Serbian and Croatian-populated regions .
reports indicated that serbian forces counter-attacked yesterday after croatian units , apparently using tanks and armoured [cars] , overran kupres , in strategic highlands separating serbian and croatian-populated regions .

The sharing of part of its freight line corridor at Sheffield is a sign of things to come , since the running of light rapid transit vehicles along existing British Rail track , interspersed with its own services , is under investigation .
the sharing of part of its freight line corridor at sheffield is a sign of things to come , since the running of light rapid transit [cars] along existing british rail track , interspersed with its own services , is under investigation .

The drivers had turned the vehicles back towards the highway to be ready to move the moment the men , weapons and ammunition were loaded .
the drivers had turned the [cars] back towards the highway to be ready to move the moment the men , weapons and ammunition were loaded .

With the vehicles gone , Miguelito swung down from the cabin top . ‘ You wan' a las ' cup coffee , leetle dog ? ’
with the [cars] gone , miguelito swung down from the cabin top . ‘ you wan' a las ' cup coffee , leetle dog ? ’

Sheepbridge & Brimington station buildings may still be traced today , surrounded by commercial vehicles and patrolled by an aggressive alsation .
sheepbridge & brimington station buildings may still be traced today , surrounded by commercial [cars] and patrolled by an aggressive alsation .

When goods are carried in different vehicles or are of a different kind or are divided into different lots , the sender of the carrier is entitled to require a separate consignment note for each vehicle or each kind or lot of goods .
when goods are carried in different [cars] or are of a different kind or are divided into different lots , the sender of the carrier is entitled to require a separate consignment note for each vehicle or each kind or lot of goods .

Forty per cent of the Port 's throughput is now unitised — both containers and freight vehicles .
forty per cent of the port 's throughput is now unitised — both containers and freight [cars] .

The port also provides an extensive well-serviced , floodlit fenced marshalling area for new trade cars and has automatic weighing facilities for the export of heavy goods vehicles .
the port also provides an extensive well-serviced , floodlit fenced marshalling area for new trade cars and has automatic weighing facilities for the export of heavy goods [cars] .

Commercial vehicles rose from 322,572 in 1989 to 333,732 last year .
commercial [cars] rose from 322,572 in 1989 to 333,732 last year .

With a capacity for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the Harland & Wolff built vessel provides an additional freight capacity of 25 vehicles per day .
with a capacity for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the harland & wolff built vessel provides an additional freight capacity of 25 [cars] per day .

Thus , while driving to work , an awareness of the road , other vehicles and the surrounding environment may become quite peripheral while the attention focuses upon a conversation , a recent argument at home , or a coming confrontation with a boss or client .
thus , while driving to work , an awareness of the road , other [cars] and the surrounding environment may become quite peripheral while the attention focuses upon a conversation , a recent argument at home , or a coming confrontation with a boss or client .

Encouraging action internationally , and within our own motor industry , to promote more fuel-efficient vehicles .
encouraging action internationally , and within our own motor industry , to promote more fuel-efficient [cars] .

Some firms also offer extra-high models , for vehicles higher than normal family saloons — camper vans and the like .
some firms also offer extra-high models , for [cars] higher than normal family saloons — camper vans and the like .

vehicles garaged in certain Rating Districts where the claims experience has been particularly satisfactory .
[cars] garaged in certain rating districts where the claims experience has been particularly satisfactory .

motor vehicles , caravans , trailers , aircraft , hovercraft or boats , or parts of accessories on or in any of them ;
motor [cars] , caravans , trailers , aircraft , hovercraft or boats , or parts of accessories on or in any of them ;

You can also add cover for employers liability , ‘ all risks ’ on tools and other business equipment , motor cover for cars or commercial vehicles , extra expenses and personal accident .
you can also add cover for employers liability , ‘ all risks ’ on tools and other business equipment , motor cover for cars or commercial [cars] , extra expenses and personal accident .

If a motorist was not making mental calculations all day long he would be forever banging into objects , people and other vehicles .
if a motorist was not making mental calculations all day long he would be forever banging into objects , people and other [cars] .

About 50 military vehicles will supplement 53 from the police and voluntary organisations , such as the St John Ambulance .
about 50 military [cars] will supplement 53 from the police and voluntary organisations , such as the st john ambulance .

Of the 103 vehicles in use , 60 will serve London north of the Thames , and 43 the south .
of the 103 [cars] in use , 60 will serve london north of the thames , and 43 the south .

All military and voluntary vehicles will be given some of London 's equipment , including special orthopaedic stretchers and chairs .
all military and voluntary [cars] will be given some of london 's equipment , including special orthopaedic stretchers and chairs .

Kirkland claimed that vehicles , equipment , and training had all improved since he started , but the attitude to ambulancemen had not .
kirkland claimed that [cars] , equipment , and training had all improved since he started , but the attitude to ambulancemen had not .

About 50 military vehicles will supplement 53 from the police and voluntary organisations , such as the St John Ambulance .
about 50 military [cars] will supplement 53 from the police and voluntary organisations , such as the st john ambulance .

In an evident effort to convince the West once again that military might is not what the Soviet Union is all about , the imposing array of missiles , rocket-launchers , self-propelled guns , and armoured vehicles were all ‘ long in the tooth , ’ according to a Western diplomatic source .
in an evident effort to convince the west once again that military might is not what the soviet union is all about , the imposing array of missiles , rocket-launchers , self-propelled guns , and armoured [cars] were all ‘ long in the tooth , ’ according to a western diplomatic source .

Laden wagons could shelter in such porches if the threshing floors were already occupied by other vehicles unloading .
laden wagons could shelter in such porches if the threshing floors were already occupied by other [cars] unloading .

Many more are awaiting follow-on air-land sorties , along with the large numbers of vehicles and stores that were not delivered with the initial assaults .
many more are awaiting follow-on air-land sorties , along with the large numbers of [cars] and stores that were not delivered with the initial assaults .

Staff Sergeant McRobb supervising the loading of vehicles on to a Royal Corps of Transport craft at the military Port of Marchwood near Southampton
staff sergeant mcrobb supervising the loading of [cars] on to a royal corps of transport craft at the military port of marchwood near southampton

In Scotland , by 0830 on the Sunday the sappers had cleared up the site , breakfasted , packed up their tents and kit , loaded the vehicles and parked them safely away from the danger area .
in scotland , by 0830 on the sunday the sappers had cleared up the site , breakfasted , packed up their tents and kit , loaded the [cars] and parked them safely away from the danger area .

After washing , cleaning , packing and breakfast , the companies departed for the ranges in four-tonne trucks : like most of the infantry , we fight on our feet , but generally travel in vehicles .
after washing , cleaning , packing and breakfast , the companies departed for the ranges in four-tonne trucks : like most of the infantry , we fight on our feet , but generally travel in [cars] .

Supported by Milan missile firing posts from the battlegroup 's anti-tank platoon , and fire from the mortar platoon and the artillery , the companies held out against probing attacks by enemy reconnaissance patrols of armoured vehicles and tanks .
supported by milan missile firing posts from the battlegroup 's anti-tank platoon , and fire from the mortar platoon and the artillery , the companies held out against probing attacks by enemy reconnaissance patrols of armoured [cars] and tanks .

In the quiet of the dawn , the young platoon commanders and their sergeants walked around the four vehicLes that made up their command , to check their soldiers and their equipment .
in the quiet of the dawn , the young platoon commanders and their sergeants walked around the four [cars] that made up their command , to check their soldiers and their equipment .

Once complete , the sections mounted their vehicles .
once complete , the sections mounted their [cars] .

From the moment the lead vehicles broke cover , they could see the enemy headquarters , halted at the edge of a wood .
from the moment the lead [cars] broke cover , they could see the enemy headquarters , halted at the edge of a wood .

The platoon commanders barked their orders to dismount and the vehicles came to an abrupt standstill amongst the enemy .
the platoon commanders barked their orders to dismount and the [cars] came to an abrupt standstill amongst the enemy .

When the power rear doors opened , the men moved out to the left and right of their vehicles , into their battle positions , and began to shoot at the enemy .
when the power rear doors opened , the men moved out to the left and right of their [cars] , into their battle positions , and began to shoot at the enemy .

The vehicles started to move off to the washdown point and thence to the trains that would take them home .
the [cars] started to move off to the washdown point and thence to the trains that would take them home .

Members of a Rifle Section stand ready for action in front of their Warrior Mechanised Combat Vehicles
members of a rifle section stand ready for action in front of their warrior mechanised combat [cars]

Between them they must decide whether this is a one-off fault or whether other vehicles are likely to be affected , and if the defect is likely to endanger life .
between them they must decide whether this is a one-off fault or whether other [cars] are likely to be affected , and if the defect is likely to endanger life .

On his way round , via the Operations Room , he hears about the armed escort vehicles in hot pursuit of a police Hotspur Land-Rover , which in turn is giving chase to an orange Lada for minor motoring offences .
on his way round , via the operations room , he hears about the armed escort [cars] in hot pursuit of a police hotspur land-rover , which in turn is giving chase to an orange lada for minor motoring offences .

Forty minutes later , having checked out several vehicles Which were unknown to us , the teams re-entered the base .
forty minutes later , having checked out several [cars] which were unknown to us , the teams re-entered the base .

Having collected the mail and picked up the following day 's patrol tasks , the vehicles arrive and we return to Rosemount for lunch .
having collected the mail and picked up the following day 's patrol tasks , the [cars] arrive and we return to rosemount for lunch .

The barrier at the main gate is already open and the two vehicles shoot through and off into the darkness .
the barrier at the main gate is already open and the two [cars] shoot through and off into the darkness .

The team drive at speed in the centre of the road , other vehicles permitting .
the team drive at speed in the centre of the road , other [cars] permitting .

Most of the vehicles they meet on the road move over to let them pass , but there are always the odd one or two who will be damned if they will .
most of the [cars] they meet on the road move over to let them pass , but there are always the odd one or two who will be damned if they will .

They wait , kitted up and vehicles running , for ten minutes before the phone rings again and they are told to stand down ; it was a false alarm .
they wait , kitted up and [cars] running , for ten minutes before the phone rings again and they are told to stand down ; it was a false alarm .

The vehicles were fired upon by two men in civilian clothes as they pulled up to a T-junction .
the [cars] were fired upon by two men in civilian clothes as they pulled up to a t-junction .

Mr Yuri Roshka , a spokesman for the Moldavian Popular Front , said that several thousand people clashed with police after clambering over tanks and other military vehicles preparing to move into Lenin Square in Kishinyev .
mr yuri roshka , a spokesman for the moldavian popular front , said that several thousand people clashed with police after clambering over tanks and other military [cars] preparing to move into lenin square in kishinyev .

The main thing was that the parade by the military vehicles did not take place .
the main thing was that the parade by the military [cars] did not take place .

The traditional Land-Rover is simply too agricultural to compete against the Japanese , especially as these vehicles spend more time ploughing round town than wading through mire .
the traditional land-rover is simply too agricultural to compete against the japanese , especially as these [cars] spend more time ploughing round town than wading through mire .

The Japanese car manufacturer has a strong presence , however , in four-wheel drive utility vehicles and minivans — an area where Chrysler is also dominant .
the japanese car manufacturer has a strong presence , however , in four-wheel drive utility [cars] and minivans — an area where chrysler is also dominant .

Chrysler and Mitsubishi have already set up a $ 1bn ( £653m ) car plant in Illinois which has a capacity of 250,000 vehicles a year .
chrysler and mitsubishi have already set up a $ 1bn ( £653m ) car plant in illinois which has a capacity of 250,000 [cars] a year .

Our research was designed to ensure that the field-worker was also around a great deal and was stubborn in exploiting the naturally occurring situations of privacy , where natural conversation is inevitable because it is interactionally difficult to abstain from it , such as in the back of vehicles , in the sanger while on guard duty , relaxing in many of the recreational rooms , or off duty .
our research was designed to ensure that the field-worker was also around a great deal and was stubborn in exploiting the naturally occurring situations of privacy , where natural conversation is inevitable because it is interactionally difficult to abstain from it , such as in the back of [cars] , in the sanger while on guard duty , relaxing in many of the recreational rooms , or off duty .

During the period of field-work the sorts of crime that occurred in Easton under this heading included murder and major robbery , possession of drugs , breaking and entering , car chases for stolen vehicles , and the occasional sex-related crime .
during the period of field-work the sorts of crime that occurred in easton under this heading included murder and major robbery , possession of drugs , breaking and entering , car chases for stolen [cars] , and the occasional sex-related crime .

It is possible to illustrate this by selecting at random two occasions when the field-worker accompanied policemen in their vehicles and cataloguing the calls they attended .
it is possible to illustrate this by selecting at random two occasions when the field-worker accompanied policemen in their [cars] and cataloguing the calls they attended .

Like , we get literally hundreds of calls on Friday and Saturday nights and we 're sending vehicles out to the same thing every time .
like , we get literally hundreds of calls on friday and saturday nights and we 're sending [cars] out to the same thing every time .

However , on occasions they do patrol work in vehicles ( on policewomen on patrol work in the United States see Bloch and Anderson 1974 ; Ehrlich 1980 ; Sichel 1978 ) .
however , on occasions they do patrol work in [cars] ( on policewomen on patrol work in the united states see bloch and anderson 1974 ; ehrlich 1980 ; sichel 1978 ) .

David Shattock , the Chief Constable of Avon , says in a report : ‘ Vehicles currently being purchased have greatly improved seating .
david shattock , the chief constable of avon , says in a report : ‘ [cars] currently being purchased have greatly improved seating .

Lists of questions ask about possible suspicious sightings of people and vehicles around the barracks and taxi rides to and from the area to pubs or Dover docks .
lists of questions ask about possible suspicious sightings of people and [cars] around the barracks and taxi rides to and from the area to pubs or dover docks .

The roads are terrifyingly steep and on the map look like coils of intestines , which translated into reality become dizzying sets of hairpin bends , too narrow for two vehicles to pass in comfort at any speed .
the roads are terrifyingly steep and on the map look like coils of intestines , which translated into reality become dizzying sets of hairpin bends , too narrow for two [cars] to pass in comfort at any speed .

On safety , Eurotunnel 's latest report states : The extended series of studies and tests required to support our proposals for non-segregation of passengers and their vehicles have continued .
on safety , eurotunnel 's latest report states : the extended series of studies and tests required to support our proposals for non-segregation of passengers and their [cars] have continued .

The use of video cameras in police vehicles and at town-centre trouble spots could change all this .
the use of video cameras in police [cars] and at town-centre trouble spots could change all this .

Under Mobility 's hire scheme , it is possible to choose from a wide range of vehicles from most major manufacturers .
under mobility 's hire scheme , it is possible to choose from a wide range of [cars] from most major manufacturers .

Often vehicles are provided for the use of children or other non-drivers .
often [cars] are provided for the use of children or other non-drivers .

In addition , the venturi effect between the two vehicles assists this swing and tends to suck the two vehicles together .
in addition , the venturi effect between the two [cars] assists this swing and tends to suck the two [cars] together .

Professor Dudek had envisaged the series coming out in paper covers ( the format that was just becoming the way to the mass market ) ; Leonard ensured that it went into hard ; Dudek had not meant the books to be prestigious in format but vehicles of introduction ; Leonard saw to it that his book could stand alongside the best that there were from both sides of the Atlantic .
professor dudek had envisaged the series coming out in paper covers ( the format that was just becoming the way to the mass market ) ; leonard ensured that it went into hard ; dudek had not meant the books to be prestigious in format but [cars] of introduction ; leonard saw to it that his book could stand alongside the best that there were from both sides of the atlantic .

Most vehicles have a chassis/frame number either stamped on or fixed to the body shell with a plate .
most [cars] have a chassis/frame number either stamped on or fixed to the body shell with a plate .

If you see someone attempting or actually stealing a vehicle , or see someone acting suspiciously near vehicles — ring the police immediately .
if you see someone attempting or actually stealing a vehicle , or see someone acting suspiciously near [cars] — ring the police immediately .

The controversy between ‘ individual selection ’ and ‘ group selection ’ is a real controversy between alternative vehicles .
the controversy between ‘ individual selection ’ and ‘ group selection ’ is a real controversy between alternative [cars] .

Therefore , to that extent and that extent only , the two vehicles remain separated as a snail and a recognizably distinct fluke inside it .
therefore , to that extent and that extent only , the two [cars] remain separated as a snail and a recognizably distinct fluke inside it .

We might n't even be able to tell that there ever had been two vehicles .
we might n't even be able to tell that there ever had been two [cars] .

Everywhere we find that life , as a matter of fact , is bundled into discrete , individually purposeful vehicles like wolves and bee-hives .
everywhere we find that life , as a matter of fact , is bundled into discrete , individually purposeful [cars] like wolves and bee-hives .

It undeniably happens to be the case that these phenotypic effects have largely become bundled up into discrete vehicles , each with its genes disciplined and ordered by the prospect of a shared bottleneck of sperms or eggs funnelling them into the future .
it undeniably happens to be the case that these phenotypic effects have largely become bundled up into discrete [cars] , each with its genes disciplined and ordered by the prospect of a shared bottleneck of sperms or eggs funnelling them into the future .

Why did genes come together into large vehicles , each with a single genetic exit route ?
why did genes come together into large [cars] , each with a single genetic exit route ?

At some point in the evolution of life on our earth , this ganging up of mutually compatible replicators began to be formalized in the creation of discrete vehicles — cells and , later , many-celled bodies .
at some point in the evolution of life on our earth , this ganging up of mutually compatible replicators began to be formalized in the creation of discrete [cars] — cells and , later , many-celled bodies .

Vehicles that evolved a bottlenecked life cycle prospered , and became more discrete and vehicle-like .
[cars] that evolved a bottlenecked life cycle prospered , and became more discrete and vehicle-like .

This packaging of living material into discrete vehicles became such a salient and dominant feature that , when biologists arrived on the scene and started asking questions about life , their questions were mostly about vehicles — individual organisms .
this packaging of living material into discrete [cars] became such a salient and dominant feature that , when biologists arrived on the scene and started asking questions about life , their questions were mostly about [cars] — individual organisms .

( i ) The highest possible operating convenience and efficiency ; ( ii ) Easy and direct means of access and egress for passengers and vehicles ; ( iii ) The standardization of construction and equipment as far as the site and circumstances permit ; ( iv ) Its immediate recognition as a railway station within the limits of harmony with its surrounding .
( i ) the highest possible operating convenience and efficiency ; ( ii ) easy and direct means of access and egress for passengers and [cars] ; ( iii ) the standardization of construction and equipment as far as the site and circumstances permit ; ( iv ) its immediate recognition as a railway station within the limits of harmony with its surrounding .

The key must be to utilize a group of barns , cow sheds or other such buildings laid out round a farmyard , so that vehicles can be parked out of sight .
the key must be to utilize a group of barns , cow sheds or other such buildings laid out round a farmyard , so that [cars] can be parked out of sight .

The vehicles must be varied in appearance , the destination told to the driver in code as he leaves the depot — by you or me .
the [cars] must be varied in appearance , the destination told to the driver in code as he leaves the depot — by you or me .

The vehicles are still behind us .
the [cars] are still behind us .

From his vantage point he could see vehicles approaching from the north a good way off .
from his vantage point he could see [cars] approaching from the north a good way off .

The two vehicles rushed towards each other .
the two [cars] rushed towards each other .

Tweed calculated the combined speeds of the two vehicles as best he could , his mind moving like lightning .
tweed calculated the combined speeds of the two [cars] as best he could , his mind moving like lightning .

The classic Hollywood narrative , he proposes , in a manner quite similar to Bakhtin 's , is defined by the centrality of a logic of causation to which character is central , and to which space and time are always subordinate : ‘ In the Hollywood style the systems do not play equal roles : space and time are almost invariably made vehicles for narrative causality ’ .
the classic hollywood narrative , he proposes , in a manner quite similar to bakhtin 's , is defined by the centrality of a logic of causation to which character is central , and to which space and time are always subordinate : ‘ in the hollywood style the systems do not play equal roles : space and time are almost invariably made [cars] for narrative causality ’ .

The only vehicles Irena took any notice of were the thin double trams , locked inscrutably into their own system , clanging their way up and down the narrow streets making unmistakable tram noises .
the only [cars] irena took any notice of were the thin double trams , locked inscrutably into their own system , clanging their way up and down the narrow streets making unmistakable tram noises .

Again short of water , they found themselves after a brief sandstorm in the middle of a group of Italian vehicles .
again short of water , they found themselves after a brief sandstorm in the middle of a group of italian [cars] .

Marching on that night , suffering terribly from thirst , they came on a track that was not marked on their maps but was used by vehicles .
marching on that night , suffering terribly from thirst , they came on a track that was not marked on their maps but was used by [cars] .

The convoy of thirty-five heavily laden vehicles left Kabrit on 3 July and drove to Cairo .
the convoy of thirty-five heavily laden [cars] left kabrit on 3 july and drove to cairo .

They drove through the dreadful remains of a recent battle , the desert littered with burned-out vehicles and smashed equipment .
they drove through the dreadful remains of a recent battle , the desert littered with burned-out [cars] and smashed equipment .

Then to David Stirling 's fury they saw a convoy of light armoured vehicles moving across their line of advance .
then to david stirling 's fury they saw a convoy of light armoured [cars] moving across their line of advance .

Accounts differ as to who was present and how many vehicles they had , so what follows is an approximation of what actually happened .
accounts differ as to who was present and how many [cars] they had , so what follows is an approximation of what actually happened .

They travelled in three or four vehicles , Stirling in the ‘ Blitz Buggy ’ and Paddy Mayne 's crew in one or two jeeps .
they travelled in three or four [cars] , stirling in the ‘ blitz buggy ’ and paddy mayne 's crew in one or two jeeps .

We set out the same night for Bug Bug , but failed to make our objective owing to the bad nature of the ground for the vehicles .
we set out the same night for bug bug , but failed to make our objective owing to the bad nature of the ground for the [cars] .

The following day they saw a column of vehicles approaching from the wrong direction to that from which Timpson should have appeared .
the following day they saw a column of [cars] approaching from the wrong direction to that from which timpson should have appeared .

Stirling thus decided to abandon operations for a while and send a strong party back to base to collect stores and the new vehicles he had requested .
stirling thus decided to abandon operations for a while and send a strong party back to base to collect stores and the new [cars] he had requested .

Seekings had been left behind to supervise the equipping of the new vehicles , and by dint of bullying and gentle persuasion , had managed to get them ready for service .
seekings had been left behind to supervise the equipping of the new [cars] , and by dint of bullying and gentle persuasion , had managed to get them ready for service .

All three vehicles continued to function but young André Zirnheld had been hit twice .
all three [cars] continued to function but young andré zirnheld had been hit twice .

They hit many patches of soft sand and wasted hours unloading vehicles , shoving them up to the top of dunes and reloading again .
they hit many patches of soft sand and wasted hours unloading [cars] , shoving them up to the top of dunes and reloading again .

The three convoys arrived at Kufra to find the small oasis packed with men and vehicles , as the other raiding groups had also gathered there .
the three convoys arrived at kufra to find the small oasis packed with men and [cars] , as the other raiding groups had also gathered there .

The memo continues by stating that if the group who were to be part of the first squadron returned by road , they would waste too much time and should therefore be flown back to collect the new vehicles and supplies needed at Kufra .
the memo continues by stating that if the group who were to be part of the first squadron returned by road , they would waste too much time and should therefore be flown back to collect the new [cars] and supplies needed at kufra .

Looking back , it seems incredible that five desert-stained jeeps laden down with kit and crewed by ruffianly looking characters sporting beards , could get away with driving among enemy vehicles in broad daylight .
looking back , it seems incredible that five desert-stained jeeps laden down with kit and crewed by ruffianly looking characters sporting beards , could get away with driving among enemy [cars] in broad daylight .

They camouflaged the vehicles in a wadi and dispersed in search of shade and some sleep .
they camouflaged the [cars] in a wadi and dispersed in search of shade and some sleep .

Some joined the insurgence and armoured vehicles left the scene of the protest draped in white flags .
some joined the insurgence and armoured [cars] left the scene of the protest draped in white flags .

As the protest grew , the troops came in with automatic weapons , armoured vehicles and teargas .
as the protest grew , the troops came in with automatic weapons , armoured [cars] and teargas .

Reports from East European news agencies and diplomats gave graphic witness accounts of earlier violence in which armoured vehicles crushed demonstrators to death and police shot at anything that moved .
reports from east european news agencies and diplomats gave graphic witness accounts of earlier violence in which armoured [cars] crushed demonstrators to death and police shot at anything that moved .

Earlier , Tanjug 's correspondent reported from Bucharest that armoured vehicles ran over students , while police turned automatic gunfire on crowds chanting ‘ Down with Ceausescu ’ and ‘ Down with the killers ’ during demonstrations that erupted at the government-organised rally in support of President Ceausescu .
earlier , tanjug 's correspondent reported from bucharest that armoured [cars] ran over students , while police turned automatic gunfire on crowds chanting ‘ down with ceausescu ’ and ‘ down with the killers ’ during demonstrations that erupted at the government-organised rally in support of president ceausescu .

Twenty youths were killed running to help two people who had been crushed by armoured vehicles on Student Square , said the agency .
twenty youths were killed running to help two people who had been crushed by armoured [cars] on student square , said the agency .

Tass confirmed the report of armoured vehicles running over students , saying demonstrators were killed by the personnel carriers .
tass confirmed the report of armoured [cars] running over students , saying demonstrators were killed by the personnel carriers .

Pittston has drafted in ‘ scab ’ labour to get the coal out , but the roads in these mountains are narrow and winding so the strikers drive their vehicles ahead of the coal trucks as slowly as possible .
pittston has drafted in ‘ scab ’ labour to get the coal out , but the roads in these mountains are narrow and winding so the strikers drive their [cars] ahead of the coal trucks as slowly as possible .

Passengers will have to be separated from light commercial vehicles , light vehicles with caravans or trailers and mixed-use vehicles like campers and mobile homes .
passengers will have to be separated from light commercial [cars] , light [cars] with caravans or trailers and mixed-use [cars] like campers and mobile homes .

The company had already decided to separate drivers and passengers of heavy goods vehicles and motorcycles from their vehicles .
the company had already decided to separate drivers and passengers of heavy goods [cars] and motorcycles from their [cars] .

However , it also assumes a reduction of 2,400 vehicles on the provincial network by 1993/94 .
however , it also assumes a reduction of 2,400 [cars] on the provincial network by 1993/94 .

Shop windows containing the Romanian dictator 's portrait were also smashed and vehicles overturned and set alight .
shop windows containing the romanian dictator 's portrait were also smashed and [cars] overturned and set alight .

Killington also boasts the East Coast 's largest fleet of snow-grooming vehicles which , in a single mid-winter night , groom the equivalent of seven interstate highway lanes from Boston to Killington .
killington also boasts the east coast 's largest fleet of snow-grooming [cars] which , in a single mid-winter night , groom the equivalent of seven interstate highway lanes from boston to killington .

The London Ambulance Service usually deploys 110 vehicles .
the london ambulance service usually deploys 110 [cars] .

Then a speedy convergence of vehicles from nowhere , one of them a taxi converted into an ambulance .
then a speedy convergence of [cars] from nowhere , one of them a taxi converted into an ambulance .

The Panamanian army can only muster 3,500 volunteers , lightly equipped with armoured vehicles , mortars and rocket launchers .
the panamanian army can only muster 3,500 volunteers , lightly equipped with armoured [cars] , mortars and rocket launchers .

Mr Richard Warburton , director general of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents , said : ‘ If you were looking for the highest standards of safety , then you would be separating people from their vehicles in the tunnel .
mr richard warburton , director general of the royal society for the prevention of accidents , said : ‘ if you were looking for the highest standards of safety , then you would be separating people from their [cars] in the tunnel .

Total registrations , excluding mini vehicles , rose by only 0.3 per cent on last year to total sales of 503,977 , leaving industry-watchers speculating on a market decline .
total registrations , excluding mini [cars] , rose by only 0.3 per cent on last year to total sales of 503,977 , leaving industry-watchers speculating on a market decline .

Last year Volvo also won the Prince Michael Road Safety Award for safety belt tensioners that operate automatically in a collision , and its 700-series car was declared the safest in an accident following crash-testing in 199 different vehicles by the American Highway Loss Data Institute .
last year volvo also won the prince michael road safety award for safety belt tensioners that operate automatically in a collision , and its 700-series car was declared the safest in an accident following crash-testing in 199 different [cars] by the american highway loss data institute .

Jaguar Cars has made two appointments as part of plans to expand its range of vehicles and treble output by the year 2000 .
jaguar cars has made two appointments as part of plans to expand its range of [cars] and treble output by the year 2000 .

Roads much traversed in the Civil War or in the invasion of Poland , like those of Belorussia , deteriorated from use by military vehicles .
roads much traversed in the civil war or in the invasion of poland , like those of belorussia , deteriorated from use by military [cars] .

They are on the bonnets of the jeeps , some are clinging precariously onto the sides as both vehicles speed away through the farmyard and out into the road .
they are on the bonnets of the jeeps , some are clinging precariously onto the sides as both [cars] speed away through the farmyard and out into the road .

In Ghana at Suame Magazine in the city of Kumasi , about 5,000 craftsmen operating in makeshift sheds , in small garages , and in workshops , offer a complete repair service to Ghana 's fleet of ageing vehicles , all suffering badly from a ten-year shortage of spare parts .
in ghana at suame magazine in the city of kumasi , about 5,000 craftsmen operating in makeshift sheds , in small garages , and in workshops , offer a complete repair service to ghana 's fleet of ageing [cars] , all suffering badly from a ten-year shortage of spare parts .

In Nairobi , most oil cans used in the routine servicing of vehicles are re-cycled to hold oil wicks dipped in paraffin as a main source of domestic light for both urban and rural homes .
in nairobi , most oil cans used in the routine servicing of [cars] are re-cycled to hold oil wicks dipped in paraffin as a main source of domestic light for both urban and rural homes .

‘ We have got to do a great deal more about restrictions on motor vehicles and give the cities back to the people .
‘ we have got to do a great deal more about restrictions on motor [cars] and give the cities back to the people .

Another company to which Ferranti is known to be talking is Daimler Benz , the giant West German vehicles , aircraft and electricals group .
another company to which ferranti is known to be talking is daimler benz , the giant west german [cars] , aircraft and electricals group .

In 1985 the Hong Kong government , faced with 350,000 vehicles and only 1,227km of roads ( an unequalled density ) decided on an experiment with electronic toll collection .
in 1985 the hong kong government , faced with 350,000 [cars] and only 1,227km of roads ( an unequalled density ) decided on an experiment with electronic toll collection .

The aim of the traffic engineers was to cut car journeys by up to 10 per cent , creating congestion-free running for buses , goods vehicles and the remaining cars .
the aim of the traffic engineers was to cut car journeys by up to 10 per cent , creating congestion-free running for buses , goods [cars] and the remaining cars .

More than a million and half vehicles enter or leave central London every working day .
more than a million and half [cars] enter or leave central london every working day .

Trams , however , were taken off the streets of London , in 1935 , and were replaced by trolley-buses — vehicles able to run on electric power by having two arms stretching above their roof to make contact with a pair of overhead cables , instead of the single arm of the tram and the metal rails set in the carriageway of the road along which their route was arranged .
trams , however , were taken off the streets of london , in 1935 , and were replaced by trolley-buses — [cars] able to run on electric power by having two arms stretching above their roof to make contact with a pair of overhead cables , instead of the single arm of the tram and the metal rails set in the carriageway of the road along which their route was arranged .

In one sense the headage payments are sometimes regarded as a social subsidy yet as Figure 2 illustrates they lack stability and responsiveness in regulating agricultural incomes and must therefore be considered also as vehicles for regulating agricultural production .
in one sense the headage payments are sometimes regarded as a social subsidy yet as figure 2 illustrates they lack stability and responsiveness in regulating agricultural incomes and must therefore be considered also as [cars] for regulating agricultural production .

Prosecutors claim to have found that all the companies involved in the transactions , including the shipper , were companies owned by Mr McNamara and allege that no vehicles were ever involved in the transactions .
prosecutors claim to have found that all the companies involved in the transactions , including the shipper , were companies owned by mr mcnamara and allege that no [cars] were ever involved in the transactions .

The fastest growth will occur in the electrical sector , with overall rates of 7 per cent pa , but uncertainty over recycling will damage prospects for the automotive polyesters — annual growth is forecast to be as low as 2 per cent for cars and 1.7 per cent for commercial vehicles .
the fastest growth will occur in the electrical sector , with overall rates of 7 per cent pa , but uncertainty over recycling will damage prospects for the automotive polyesters — annual growth is forecast to be as low as 2 per cent for cars and 1.7 per cent for commercial [cars] .

Electricity driven vehicles fulfil all the basic requirements of the consumer except that , so far , no battery offering a range comparable with that of a car has yet been made .
electricity driven [cars] fulfil all the basic requirements of the consumer except that , so far , no battery offering a range comparable with that of a car has yet been made .

If we look far enough ahead electric vehicles are eventually likely to replace the internal combustion engine but this will probably be far in the future for a number of reasons .
if we look far enough ahead electric [cars] are eventually likely to replace the internal combustion engine but this will probably be far in the future for a number of reasons .

In addition to improvements in fuel consumption by means of improved design , computer control , weight reduction and increased engine and transmission efficiency , fuel is likely to be conserved by the more efficient use of vehicles .
in addition to improvements in fuel consumption by means of improved design , computer control , weight reduction and increased engine and transmission efficiency , fuel is likely to be conserved by the more efficient use of [cars] .

But the quotas limited imports by number of vehicles rather than sales , encouraging the Japanese to develop luxury cars that earn higher per-unit profits .
but the quotas limited imports by number of [cars] rather than sales , encouraging the japanese to develop luxury cars that earn higher per-unit profits .

( j ) Weapons , Motor Vehicles , and Endangerment
( j ) weapons , motor [cars] , and endangerment

In fact , English criminal law has a wide range of such offences , of which those involving firearms , offensive weapons , motor vehicles , and other endangerment will be outlined here .
in fact , english criminal law has a wide range of such offences , of which those involving firearms , offensive weapons , motor [cars] , and other endangerment will be outlined here .

Where motor vehicles are concerned , the problems are different .
where motor [cars] are concerned , the problems are different .

Vehicles for off- and on-road use feature in our special Country Car features .
[cars] for off- and on-road use feature in our special country car features .

At least five fire-beating tools must be available , and all vehicles used in the operation must carry fire extinguishers .
at least five fire-beating tools must be available , and all [cars] used in the operation must carry fire extinguishers .

Constrained by the above , current gas fuel work is directed at short-haul transport like city-based buses and delivery vehicles .
constrained by the above , current gas fuel work is directed at short-haul transport like city-based buses and delivery [cars] .

Bill Murray is always worth watching , no matter how bad the movie , and Quick Change is better than most of his comic vehicles .
bill murray is always worth watching , no matter how bad the movie , and quick change is better than most of his comic [cars] .

The column stopped abruptly and when the noise of aircraft climbing away from the raid faded into the distance there was a short silence during which only the chug-chug of many stationary vehicles could be heard .
the column stopped abruptly and when the noise of aircraft climbing away from the raid faded into the distance there was a short silence during which only the chug-chug of many stationary [cars] could be heard .

Christopher could indeed be heard approaching , calling calmly to the occupants of each of the vehicles under his command .
christopher could indeed be heard approaching , calling calmly to the occupants of each of the [cars] under his command .

Vehicles started up again and a familiar voice shouted to him from the side of the truck .
[cars] started up again and a familiar voice shouted to him from the side of the truck .

Suddenly conscious that he was flashing past vehicles which appeared to be dawdling , he glanced at the speedometer .
suddenly conscious that he was flashing past [cars] which appeared to be dawdling , he glanced at the speedometer .

If he wants to import vehicles or components from Taiwan or Singapore or Hong Kong into Europe , he 'll go ahead and do it , regardless of the economic consequences for the European countries concerned .
if he wants to import [cars] or components from taiwan or singapore or hong kong into europe , he 'll go ahead and do it , regardless of the economic consequences for the european countries concerned .

‘ Similarly , the Austrian Government has made it clear that unless multi-nationals manufacture vehicles or components within the country to correct its trade deficit , then it will be obliged to take appropriate steps to close its domestic markets to their products . ’
‘ similarly , the austrian government has made it clear that unless multi-nationals manufacture [cars] or components within the country to correct its trade deficit , then it will be obliged to take appropriate steps to close its domestic markets to their products . ’

‘ How very interesting . And pray do tell me which countries will have to accept the exports of motor vehicles or components from Spain , say , as a result of anything which might be agreed between United Motors and the Spanish Government ? ’
‘ how very interesting . and pray do tell me which countries will have to accept the exports of motor [cars] or components from spain , say , as a result of anything which might be agreed between united motors and the spanish government ? ’

Cleaning tools and equipment : may be disinfected if it is necessary to prevent them from becoming vehicles of contamination .
cleaning tools and equipment : may be disinfected if it is necessary to prevent them from becoming [cars] of contamination .

From the downhill direction came infrequent vehicles with business in their tiny settlement .
from the downhill direction came infrequent [cars] with business in their tiny settlement .

State funding of the provision of mass-produced easily accessible vehicles which can be adapted for disabled use will give real mobility to the people , and undermine the expensive import car market .
state funding of the provision of mass-produced easily accessible [cars] which can be adapted for disabled use will give real mobility to the people , and undermine the expensive import car market .

‘ Though under constant shell and mortar fire , ’ as the official history recorded , ‘ the sappers blasted their way through critical roadblocks , and were also engaged in making roads passable for tracked vehicles .
‘ though under constant shell and mortar fire , ’ as the official history recorded , ‘ the sappers blasted their way through critical roadblocks , and were also engaged in making roads passable for tracked [cars] .

Easy motorway access and four-wheel-drive vehicles bring urban gangs with their dogs .
easy motorway access and four-wheel-drive [cars] bring urban gangs with their dogs .

Arrangements can be made for ‘ pre-boarding ’ disabled passengers and their vehicles .
arrangements can be made for ‘ pre-boarding ’ disabled passengers and their [cars] .

Given warning , ferry staff will arrange for vehicles with handicapped passengers to stop by the lift .
given warning , ferry staff will arrange for [cars] with handicapped passengers to stop by the lift .

Books : Earthly vehicles
books : earthly [cars]

It should provide quick reference on the important events and trends , including motive power , traffic , vehicles and safety , in the eighties .
it should provide quick reference on the important events and trends , including motive power , traffic , [cars] and safety , in the eighties .

Like the 1920s stock before them , 1938-design vehicles were shipped over to the island to provide a moderately more comfortable service between Ryde and Shanklin .
like the 1920s stock before them , 1938-design [cars] were shipped over to the island to provide a moderately more comfortable service between ryde and shanklin .

Now they were told ‘ Sorry — no spare vehicles ’ .
now they were told ‘ sorry — no spare [cars] ’ .

Where others would have dismissed the idea as impractical , Sherwood set about locating those vehicles which had survived intact .
where others would have dismissed the idea as impractical , sherwood set about locating those [cars] which had survived intact .

Across the Channel , Sherwood had indulged in a similar restoration exercise with a variety of former Wagons-Lits coaches , arranging the professional refurbishment of the sleeping cars , diners , day cars and staff vehicles by the Wagon-Lits shops at Ostende , and the Bremer Waggonbau company at Bremen .
across the channel , sherwood had indulged in a similar restoration exercise with a variety of former wagons-lits coaches , arranging the professional refurbishment of the sleeping cars , diners , day cars and staff [cars] by the wagon-lits shops at ostende , and the bremer waggonbau company at bremen .

The inclusion in the Land Cruise trainset of seven first-class sleeping cars , coupled to InterCity 's insistence that every passenger should have a window seat , stretched the West Highlander formation to sixteen vehicles — too long for the platforms at King 's Cross which could cope with only fourteen — so by default the Friday evening departure was written down to St Pancras , picking up at St Albans and Derby . By way of example , the highlights of the 1989 train itinerary looked something like this :
the inclusion in the land cruise trainset of seven first-class sleeping cars , coupled to intercity 's insistence that every passenger should have a window seat , stretched the west highlander formation to sixteen [cars] — too long for the platforms at king 's cross which could cope with only fourteen — so by default the friday evening departure was written down to st pancras , picking up at st albans and derby . by way of example , the highlights of the 1989 train itinerary looked something like this :

The only modern-design vehicles , apart from the Scottish air-conditioned stock , were possibly the Class 310 electric multiple units radiating from Rugby , and even these dated from the mid 1960s .
the only modern-design [cars] , apart from the scottish air-conditioned stock , were possibly the class 310 electric multiple units radiating from rugby , and even these dated from the mid 1960s .

Modular catering ( though not necessarily Cuisine 2000 ) is expanding on to the Liverpool Street-Norwich run ( using former West Coast vehicles ) , the East Coast main line ( with Mk4 stock ) , and the Western Region , when the ex-ECML cars can be cascaded in 1991 .
modular catering ( though not necessarily cuisine 2000 ) is expanding on to the liverpool street-norwich run ( using former west coast [cars] ) , the east coast main line ( with mk4 stock ) , and the western region , when the ex-ecml cars can be cascaded in 1991 .

The new vehicles built as replacements during the 1980s were generally of higher capacity , privately owned and fitted with air brakes .
the new [cars] built as replacements during the 1980s were generally of higher capacity , privately owned and fitted with air brakes .

Where a customer did not wish to purchase his own fleet of wagons , he was usually encouraged to hire or lease from firms such as Procor or Tiphook in preference to using railway-owned vehicles .
where a customer did not wish to purchase his own fleet of wagons , he was usually encouraged to hire or lease from firms such as procor or tiphook in preference to using railway-owned [cars] .

In the Construction sub-sector , for example , the use of railway-owned vehicles on aggregates traffic ceased altogether in 1989 , following the withdrawal of a pool of 16.5 tonne opens based in the Peak District .
in the construction sub-sector , for example , the use of railway-owned [cars] on aggregates traffic ceased altogether in 1989 , following the withdrawal of a pool of 16.5 tonne opens based in the peak district .

So a familiar sight of the early 1980s was a standard formation of Mark 2 vehicles with an obviously inferior Mark 1 catering vehicle squeezed in .
so a familiar sight of the early 1980s was a standard formation of mark 2 [cars] with an obviously inferior mark 1 catering vehicle squeezed in .

The production of Mark 3 vehicles , at first for the High Speed Trains , began in 1975 , but the proportion of even top-grade express trains composed of them in the early 1980s was stili small .
the production of mark 3 [cars] , at first for the high speed trains , began in 1975 , but the proportion of even top-grade express trains composed of them in the early 1980s was stili small .

On the main line , the remorseless reduction in fleet sizes resulted in Mark 3 vehicles steadily being more predominant .
on the main line , the remorseless reduction in fleet sizes resulted in mark 3 [cars] steadily being more predominant .

Added to that was the desire to eradicate all vehicles with asbestos insulation by 1988 , a target not in fact achieved .
added to that was the desire to eradicate all [cars] with asbestos insulation by 1988 , a target not in fact achieved .

The replacement units , renovated life-expired 1938 ex-Underground vehicles , were fifty-one years old to begin with .
the replacement units , renovated life-expired 1938 ex-underground [cars] , were fifty-one years old to begin with .

Supt John Hoyle said he and his 25 officers feared for their lives as about 100 guards and party organisers smashed their vehicles , let off the gas , and menanced them rottweiler and dobermann dogs .
supt john hoyle said he and his 25 officers feared for their lives as about 100 guards and party organisers smashed their [cars] , let off the gas , and menanced them rottweiler and dobermann dogs .

The result will be a common level of NOx and particular emissions from vehicles ( measured in grammes per kilowat hour ) from vehicles sold in Europe after 1991 .
the result will be a common level of nox and particular emissions from [cars] ( measured in grammes per kilowat hour ) from [cars] sold in europe after 1991 .

London buses , for example , are exempt from traffic lawsaffecting other vehicles , which in the competitive deregulated world of modern bus operation , include expensive pollution control .
london buses , for example , are exempt from traffic lawsaffecting other [cars] , which in the competitive deregulated world of modern bus operation , include expensive pollution control .

Military vehicles were on standby in the county from 6am .
military [cars] were on standby in the county from 6am .

The new guarantee , good for the first year after purchase , would entitle consumers to free repairs , a replacement on loan or compensation if the product is not repaired within five days ( three for motor vehicles ) , the choice of a refund or replacement if the fault can not be put right in three attempts , or if the product is under repair for 30 days in any 12-month period .
the new guarantee , good for the first year after purchase , would entitle consumers to free repairs , a replacement on loan or compensation if the product is not repaired within five days ( three for motor [cars] ) , the choice of a refund or replacement if the fault can not be put right in three attempts , or if the product is under repair for 30 days in any 12-month period .

Parkers need to be clearly warned that they park their vehicles entirely at their own risk .
parkers need to be clearly warned that they park their [cars] entirely at their own risk .

Secondly , there are the sensor and guidance technologies for smart ‘ fire-and-forget ’ missiles ; these are able to detect , identify and attack armoured vehicles , combat aircraft and warships , as well as hardened , fixed targets like command and control centres , in all weathers and battlefield conditions .
secondly , there are the sensor and guidance technologies for smart ‘ fire-and-forget ’ missiles ; these are able to detect , identify and attack armoured [cars] , combat aircraft and warships , as well as hardened , fixed targets like command and control centres , in all weathers and battlefield conditions .

The official factory view is that you can not but as the vehicles have been out of production for thirty years , testing by the factory has not been carried out .
the official factory view is that you can not but as the [cars] have been out of production for thirty years , testing by the factory has not been carried out .

It is commonly fitted to vehicles used for towing a large trailer fitted with vacuum brakes If the reservoir is holed then the remote brake servo will not be working and needs removing Renew the brake pipe between the master cylinder and the multi way union mounted on the chassis at the back of the engine bay on the o/s just below the steering box and bleed the system with new brake fluid .
it is commonly fitted to [cars] used for towing a large trailer fitted with vacuum brakes if the reservoir is holed then the remote brake servo will not be working and needs removing renew the brake pipe between the master cylinder and the multi way union mounted on the chassis at the back of the engine bay on the o/s just below the steering box and bleed the system with new brake fluid .

The records for older vehicles are not held by Land Rover Ltd .
the records for older [cars] are not held by land rover ltd .

It is possible to fit the dual circuit systems as used on later vehicles if you use the brake pipes as fitted to the later models to get the circuitry correct .
it is possible to fit the dual circuit systems as used on later [cars] if you use the brake pipes as fitted to the later models to get the circuitry correct .

In reply to your second question , most Land Rover Parts dealers do not stock parts for vehicles of military origin .
in reply to your second question , most land rover parts dealers do not stock parts for [cars] of military origin .

Most military vehicles have different springs shock absorbers , lights , water pumps , fan belts and , more noticeably , body panels .
most military [cars] have different springs shock absorbers , lights , water pumps , fan belts and , more noticeably , body panels .

Some substitutions , particularly on vehicles not used to carrying a lot of weight , make the ride better .
some substitutions , particularly on [cars] not used to carrying a lot of weight , make the ride better .

Diesels have greater rate springs than their equivalent petrol models , as they are heavier vehicles .
diesels have greater rate springs than their equivalent petrol models , as they are heavier [cars] .

Four-door body sides , doors and rear wings can be fitted to two-door vehicles .
four-door body sides , doors and rear wings can be fitted to two-door [cars] .

The dealer supplying the vehicles , as the parts required are available from the factory .
the dealer supplying the [cars] , as the parts required are available from the factory .

The modification we have done in the past to vehicles ( particularly in windy areas ) is to screw to the door edge and footwell a strip of seat belt webbing which , when taught , stops the door touching the door post .
the modification we have done in the past to [cars] ( particularly in windy areas ) is to screw to the door edge and footwell a strip of seat belt webbing which , when taught , stops the door touching the door post .

The power steering on your vehicles should allow the wheel to be turned easily by one hand .
the power steering on your [cars] should allow the wheel to be turned easily by one hand .

Yes , your Land Rover is one of the first right hand drive home market vehicles .
yes , your land rover is one of the first right hand drive home market [cars] .

The rifles with which the Jews defended themselves have been welded onto the sides of the vehicles as a memorial .
the rifles with which the jews defended themselves have been welded onto the sides of the [cars] as a memorial .

It was calculated that 65,000 of the country 's registered 76,000 road vehicles were used by or for tourists .
it was calculated that 65,000 of the country 's registered 76,000 road [cars] were used by or for tourists .

Because of the weather Robyn decides not to use the motorway , and , finding the residential backstreets treacherous and strewn with abandoned vehicles , she joins a long , slow-moving convoy of traffic on the outer ring — not a purpose-built road , this , but a motley string of suburban shopping streets and main roads , where the snow has already been churned into filthy curds and whey .
because of the weather robyn decides not to use the motorway , and , finding the residential backstreets treacherous and strewn with abandoned [cars] , she joins a long , slow-moving convoy of traffic on the outer ring — not a purpose-built road , this , but a motley string of suburban shopping streets and main roads , where the snow has already been churned into filthy curds and whey .

Remember to fill in your medical card and place it inside your hat in case of injury . Always take a friend who can drive your transport in case you do get injured or the poor organisers will be left with unattached horses and vehicles all over the place !
remember to fill in your medical card and place it inside your hat in case of injury . always take a friend who can drive your transport in case you do get injured or the poor organisers will be left with unattached horses and [cars] all over the place !

On summer weekends , chattering crowds of sightseers parade the narrow streets and blaring transistor radios wreck the peace ; a parking area to keep vehicles off the cobbles has been enlarged progressively to the dimensions of a football pitch and soon fills to capacity .
on summer weekends , chattering crowds of sightseers parade the narrow streets and blaring transistor radios wreck the peace ; a parking area to keep [cars] off the cobbles has been enlarged progressively to the dimensions of a football pitch and soon fills to capacity .

Car owners whose main concern is to return to their parked vehicles will need to retrace their steps exactly to avoid steep cliffs at the south end , but others with no such inhibitions can extend the walk , and enjoy doing so , by following the crest of the ridge northwards until meeting the path coming up from Clapham Bottoms bound for Selside , here turning down east to join another path to Selside , this continuing the road along Crummackdale from Austwick .
car owners whose main concern is to return to their parked [cars] will need to retrace their steps exactly to avoid steep cliffs at the south end , but others with no such inhibitions can extend the walk , and enjoy doing so , by following the crest of the ridge northwards until meeting the path coming up from clapham bottoms bound for selside , here turning down east to join another path to selside , this continuing the road along crummackdale from austwick .

This was surprising in view of the fact that , under this Act , it is the local authorities who are empowered to provide and maintain such buildings , vehicles , apparatus , and equipment as may be required for the police purposes of their area .
this was surprising in view of the fact that , under this act , it is the local authorities who are empowered to provide and maintain such buildings , [cars] , apparatus , and equipment as may be required for the police purposes of their area .

During the strike , the policy was justified by reference first to a section in the Road Traffic Act 1972 which allows a police officer in uniform to stop vehicles and secondly to the common law breach of the peace power .
during the strike , the policy was justified by reference first to a section in the road traffic act 1972 which allows a police officer in uniform to stop [cars] and secondly to the common law breach of the peace power .

There were plenty other walkers fumbling around their vehicles in the car park when we arrived , but then Schiehallion is such an easy walk its popularity is assured .
there were plenty other walkers fumbling around their [cars] in the car park when we arrived , but then schiehallion is such an easy walk its popularity is assured .

The gentle breeze managed to cool down the heat of the sun a little but sustained the dust raised by the passing vehicles and deposited it in a thin film on the white tablecloths and the empty seats of the outdoor café .
the gentle breeze managed to cool down the heat of the sun a little but sustained the dust raised by the passing [cars] and deposited it in a thin film on the white tablecloths and the empty seats of the outdoor café .

From the courtyard of the decaying five-storey building that housed the pensione came the shouts of children playing and the occasional revving of vehicles .
from the courtyard of the decaying five-storey building that housed the pensione came the shouts of children playing and the occasional revving of [cars] .

There are more motor vehicles around than ever and you take your life in your hands just crossing the road … As for the War , well , that was a catastrophe , an absolute catastrophe .
there are more motor [cars] around than ever and you take your life in your hands just crossing the road … as for the war , well , that was a catastrophe , an absolute catastrophe .

All manholes must have covers which give access for clearing blockages , and which must be of adequate strength to take pedestrian traffic or , in the case of driveways , vehicles .
all manholes must have covers which give access for clearing blockages , and which must be of adequate strength to take pedestrian traffic or , in the case of driveways , [cars] .

The majority of vehicles pounding the British countryside produce four times their own weight in carbon dioxide every year .
the majority of [cars] pounding the british countryside produce four times their own weight in carbon dioxide every year .

Nitrogen oxide emissions from vehicles are rising every year because of the huge growth in the number of cars .
nitrogen oxide emissions from [cars] are rising every year because of the huge growth in the number of cars .

Vehicles and Transport
[cars] and transport

It has been known since the 1970s that the vehicles which have dramatically increased our mobility in the last 50 years have also constituted a grave danger .
it has been known since the 1970s that the [cars] which have dramatically increased our mobility in the last 50 years have also constituted a grave danger .

Vehicles emit a wide range of chemical substances , many of them harmless , but three of which are dangerous pollutants released in sufficient amounts to affect human health and have serious implications on the environment .
[cars] emit a wide range of chemical substances , many of them harmless , but three of which are dangerous pollutants released in sufficient amounts to affect human health and have serious implications on the environment .

Forty per cent of nitrogen oxide emissions in Britain come from vehicles .
forty per cent of nitrogen oxide emissions in britain come from [cars] .

Air pollution and energy conservation aside , private vehicles also come under attack when we consider rural and urban environments .
air pollution and energy conservation aside , private [cars] also come under attack when we consider rural and urban environments .

Noise and danger resulting from too many vehicles has played a significant role in making inner cities unpleasant places to be .
noise and danger resulting from too many [cars] has played a significant role in making inner cities unpleasant places to be .

Added to this is the vibration caused by heavy goods vehicles and the annoyance of air traffic suffered by all city dwellers .
added to this is the vibration caused by heavy goods [cars] and the annoyance of air traffic suffered by all city dwellers .

The answer is , of course , to reduce the number of private motor vehicles .
the answer is , of course , to reduce the number of private motor [cars] .

Unleaded ( minimum octane of 95 ) is for all petrol vehicles that do not need lead for ‘ valve ’ lubrication .
unleaded ( minimum octane of 95 ) is for all petrol [cars] that do not need lead for ‘ valve ’ lubrication .

Advanced Diesel is for all diesel engined vehicles .
advanced diesel is for all diesel engined [cars] .

You know how your vehicles are performing and what your fleet 's running costs are .
you know how your [cars] are performing and what your fleet 's running costs are .

The actual goods and services selected include a wide range of food items ; alcoholic drinks ; tobacco ; housing costs ( including mortgage interest payments ) ; fuel and light ; durable household goods ( such as furniture , television sets and hardware ) ; clothing and footwear ; transport and vehicles ( including petrol and oil ) ; a large selection of miscellaneous goods ( including books , newspapers and stationery ) ; services ( which include postage and telephone charges , and all entertainments ) ; and meals bought and consumed outside the home .
the actual goods and services selected include a wide range of food items ; alcoholic drinks ; tobacco ; housing costs ( including mortgage interest payments ) ; fuel and light ; durable household goods ( such as furniture , television sets and hardware ) ; clothing and footwear ; transport and [cars] ( including petrol and oil ) ; a large selection of miscellaneous goods ( including books , newspapers and stationery ) ; services ( which include postage and telephone charges , and all entertainments ) ; and meals bought and consumed outside the home .

Lee 's spontaneous remark could have been followed by a suggestion that he tried to sort the vans from the other vehicles in the garage , or he could have been encouraged to watch vans travelling outside the school .
lee 's spontaneous remark could have been followed by a suggestion that he tried to sort the vans from the other [cars] in the garage , or he could have been encouraged to watch vans travelling outside the school .

Animals , birds , people , vehicles These can all extend the range of sorting .
animals , birds , people , [cars] these can all extend the range of sorting .

Vehicles might be grouped according to colour , use , whether ‘ broken down ’ , number of wheels , etc .
[cars] might be grouped according to colour , use , whether ‘ broken down ’ , number of wheels , etc .

Boats and vehicles
boats and [cars]

Some nurseries have old boats and vehicles which have been made safe for children to play in .
some nurseries have old boats and [cars] which have been made safe for children to play in .

Vehicles must be left some distance away from the netting site , and downwind too , so find yourself a convenient parking site during daylight for use after dark .
[cars] must be left some distance away from the netting site , and downwind too , so find yourself a convenient parking site during daylight for use after dark .

Came the day , and the film unit — a ponderous line of vehicles , carrying half a ton of exceedingly expensive equipment and all the people required to make it work efficiently — rumbled out of the centre of Leeds .
came the day , and the film unit — a ponderous line of [cars] , carrying half a ton of exceedingly expensive equipment and all the people required to make it work efficiently — rumbled out of the centre of leeds .

It was seven miles from that location to the nearest road where the crew vehicles were parked .
it was seven miles from that location to the nearest road where the crew [cars] were parked .

Around the corner , in Rutherglen Road , a small knot of people would gather outside the office of the Hebrew Burial Society , awaiting the hearse and accompanying vehicles .
around the corner , in rutherglen road , a small knot of people would gather outside the office of the hebrew burial society , awaiting the hearse and accompanying [cars] .

the acquisition of vehicles , plant , machinery , etc. ,
the acquisition of [cars] , plant , machinery , etc. ,

the renewal of vehicles plant , machinery , etc. ,
the renewal of [cars] plant , machinery , etc. ,

The convoy , who met up at Dover , consisted of a number of large vehicles , carrying essential supplies such as food , building , plumbing and electrical equipment for the orphanage .
the convoy , who met up at dover , consisted of a number of large [cars] , carrying essential supplies such as food , building , plumbing and electrical equipment for the orphanage .

But will they tidy up the roads where they have not actually been working , and where their vehicles have caused ‘ disruption ’ ?
but will they tidy up the roads where they have not actually been working , and where their [cars] have caused ‘ disruption ’ ?

Although slowing the traffic down it is unlikely to reduce the volume , and the pinch points will result in the tailback of vehicles waiting to get through .
although slowing the traffic down it is unlikely to reduce the volume , and the pinch points will result in the tailback of [cars] waiting to get through .

Professional journals , local and national press , ethnic minority newsletters and libraries are all common vehicles for staff recruitment .
professional journals , local and national press , ethnic minority newsletters and libraries are all common [cars] for staff recruitment .

The Fitting Shop , seen here during the commissioning of 641 in 1984 , carries out all the heavy engineering work for the Department 's vehicles .
the fitting shop , seen here during the commissioning of 641 in 1984 , carries out all the heavy engineering work for the department 's [cars] .

At this time , the Blackpool Transport fleet totalled 350 vehicles and had become the seventh largest in the country .
at this time , the blackpool transport fleet totalled 350 [cars] and had become the seventh largest in the country .

Their purpose was to span rivers without hindering navigation , by supporting a beam high above the water level on two towers , and carrying goods across in vehicles suspended from the beam on cables .
their purpose was to span rivers without hindering navigation , by supporting a beam high above the water level on two towers , and carrying goods across in [cars] suspended from the beam on cables .

established in 1564 ; starting point of the north-country mail coaches , and house of call for many other vehicles travelling out London .
established in 1564 ; starting point of the north-country mail coaches , and house of call for many other [cars] travelling out london .

We have a few difficulties at the moment because the fungus does not impart resistance to wear , particularly from heavy armoured vehicles !
we have a few difficulties at the moment because the fungus does not impart resistance to wear , particularly from heavy armoured [cars] !

There will be times when courses , seminars , workshops and secondments will be the appropriate vehicles for transmitting the relevant material , especially when new practices have been tried and tested .
there will be times when courses , seminars , workshops and secondments will be the appropriate [cars] for transmitting the relevant material , especially when new practices have been tried and tested .

When a policeman raised his hand as a signal to approaching traffic to halt , there was no definite indication as to which vehicles were requested to move on when the officer waved his other arm .
when a policeman raised his hand as a signal to approaching traffic to halt , there was no definite indication as to which [cars] were requested to move on when the officer waved his other arm .

Then we went over the two Harnham Bridges , one with its niches to enable pedestrians to shelter from passing vehicles and so to Exeter Street and home .
then we went over the two harnham bridges , one with its niches to enable pedestrians to shelter from passing [cars] and so to exeter street and home .

To the right were double doors , one three feet wide , the other about six feet in width was only opened for the movement of vehicles .
to the right were double doors , one three feet wide , the other about six feet in width was only opened for the movement of [cars] .

Up in the top shop , the vehicle bodies , usually charabancs , carrier 's buses or delivery vehicles were constructed on two six-inch by four inch baulks of timber .
up in the top shop , the vehicle bodies , usually charabancs , carrier 's buses or delivery [cars] were constructed on two six-inch by four inch baulks of timber .

Posters and signs may be placed anywhere they will catch the eye of potential customers : on hoardings , walls and windows , on boards outside the shop ; on vehicles and delivery vans ; inside and outside buses .
posters and signs may be placed anywhere they will catch the eye of potential customers : on hoardings , walls and windows , on boards outside the shop ; on [cars] and delivery vans ; inside and outside buses .

In the beginning ( 1838 ) , early carriage department officers were mainly selected from those who had experience in the building of road vehicles , and their efforts resembled road coaches set upon a flat railway wagon .
in the beginning ( 1838 ) , early carriage department officers were mainly selected from those who had experience in the building of road [cars] , and their efforts resembled road coaches set upon a flat railway wagon .

These 42ft vehicles were sleeping saloons and , after they had been running some little time , some ordinary coaches 34ft in length , carried on six wheels , were built ; these had a total wheel base of 22ft , or 11 ft between centres .
these 42ft [cars] were sleeping saloons and , after they had been running some little time , some ordinary coaches 34ft in length , carried on six wheels , were built ; these had a total wheel base of 22ft , or 11 ft between centres .

The introduction of bogies soon put an end to any further construction of such vehicles .
the introduction of bogies soon put an end to any further construction of such [cars] .

Until 1880 oil was the only illuminant in use , but in that year a number of West Coast vehicles were lighted by compressed shale oil gas or , as it was commonly known , Pope 's gas .
until 1880 oil was the only illuminant in use , but in that year a number of west coast [cars] were lighted by compressed shale oil gas or , as it was commonly known , pope 's gas .

These were also the last vehicles to be constructed at Wolverton with a clerestory roof .
these were also the last [cars] to be constructed at wolverton with a clerestory roof .

‘ In the Carriage Finishing-off Shop ( 50 ) , vehicles are delivered into service This is a large building containing 12 tracks .
‘ in the carriage finishing-off shop ( 50 ) , [cars] are delivered into service this is a large building containing 12 tracks .

Here long vehicles which have already been in traffic , as distinguished from new coaches , are mainly dealt with .
here long [cars] which have already been in traffic , as distinguished from new coaches , are mainly dealt with .

Three lines are specially paved to suit the conditions of ‘ rubbing down ’ vehicles preparatory to receiving the early coats of paint .
three lines are specially paved to suit the conditions of ‘ rubbing down ’ [cars] preparatory to receiving the early coats of paint .

Other lines are used for painting ordinary vehicles , mostly of small class .
other lines are used for painting ordinary [cars] , mostly of small class .

These three paint shops give , on 42 roads , accommodation for about 240 vehicles .
these three paint shops give , on 42 roads , accommodation for about 240 [cars] .

Nearly 450 men are engaged here and an average of over 60 vehicles can be turned out every week .
nearly 450 men are engaged here and an average of over 60 [cars] can be turned out every week .

34 is a somewhat old ‘ lifting shop ’ , now used mainly for smaller vehicles .
34 is a somewhat old ‘ lifting shop ’ , now used mainly for smaller [cars] .

3 is the new paint shop , a magnificent department where all new vehicles are given their distinctive livery .
3 is the new paint shop , a magnificent department where all new [cars] are given their distinctive livery .

It has 21 roads , on which about 120 vehicles of an average length of 50ft can be painted at one and the same time .
it has 21 roads , on which about 120 [cars] of an average length of 50ft can be painted at one and the same time .

As a general rule , only long vehicles are taken in here for repair .
as a general rule , only long [cars] are taken in here for repair .

, on vehicles .
, on [cars] .

10 is known as the horsebox shop , that is , it deals with repairs to horseboxes , carriage trucks , parcel and milk vans , motor car trucks and various smaller vehicles which are incidentals to coaching traffic .
10 is known as the horsebox shop , that is , it deals with repairs to horseboxes , carriage trucks , parcel and milk vans , motor car trucks and various smaller [cars] which are incidentals to coaching traffic .

12 deals with road wagon repairs , though it is tending to become also a motor road vehicle body making and repair shop as these vehicles are becoming more numerous .
12 deals with road wagon repairs , though it is tending to become also a motor road vehicle body making and repair shop as these [cars] are becoming more numerous .

The vehicles were taken from main line traffic and altered , the trains completed in ten days , a naval train being actually finished in 30 hours .
the [cars] were taken from main line traffic and altered , the trains completed in ten days , a naval train being actually finished in 30 hours .

The trains were designed to accommodate patients in the central vehicles , those at either end were for the convenience of the staff , stores , etc .
the trains were designed to accommodate patients in the central [cars] , those at either end were for the convenience of the staff , stores , etc .

All the trains were vestibuled throughout , and composed of bogie vehicles with clerestory roofs .
all the trains were vestibuled throughout , and composed of bogie [cars] with clerestory roofs .

Each of these trains consisted of sixteen bogie vehicles , a complete train 950ft long and weighing 440 tons .
each of these trains consisted of sixteen bogie [cars] , a complete train 950ft long and weighing 440 tons .

Each train comprised sixteen vehicles with accommodation for 423 persons or , with a maximum of sitting cases , 652 .
each train comprised sixteen [cars] with accommodation for 423 persons or , with a maximum of sitting cases , 652 .

The construction programme for carriages was suspended , ( except for three Royal vehicles completed in 1941 ) but , during the first seven or eight months , workshop capacity was not fully utilised .
the construction programme for carriages was suspended , ( except for three royal [cars] completed in 1941 ) but , during the first seven or eight months , workshop capacity was not fully utilised .

Each of the home trains were composed on five and later eleven vehicles of seven types , while there were 16 vehicles of nine different types in each overseas train , the latter provided with couplings and drawgear of continental pattern and special steam couplings for use with French locomotives .
each of the home trains were composed on five and later eleven [cars] of seven types , while there were 16 [cars] of nine different types in each overseas train , the latter provided with couplings and drawgear of continental pattern and special steam couplings for use with french locomotives .

In the Spring of 1939 , the Ministry of Health approached the Railway Executive committee to consider the preparation of a number of trains for the evacuation of civilian casualties , each train originally being composed of two third-brake vehicles for housing stores and staff , together with 13 passenger corridor brake vans with brackets for carrying stretchers .
in the spring of 1939 , the ministry of health approached the railway executive committee to consider the preparation of a number of trains for the evacuation of civilian casualties , each train originally being composed of two third-brake [cars] for housing stores and staff , together with 13 passenger corridor brake vans with brackets for carrying stretchers .

During the autumn of 1939 it was decided to release one of the vehicles from each train and insert a Staff , Mess and Recreation Car , completely equipped with cooking apparatus , ample water supplies and seating facilities .
during the autumn of 1939 it was decided to release one of the [cars] from each train and insert a staff , mess and recreation car , completely equipped with cooking apparatus , ample water supplies and seating facilities .

677 motor vehicles of differing types were variously converted at Wolverton .
677 motor [cars] of differing types were variously converted at wolverton .

Later vehicles were of a more standard type , such as the Bedford 3-ton and 30 cwt lorries and the 5 ton Leyland .
later [cars] were of a more standard type , such as the bedford 3-ton and 30 cwt lorries and the 5 ton leyland .

These stronger vehicles were fitted with full metal protection and , to protect the driver , the ordinary doors and windscreens were removed and armour plating provided .
these stronger [cars] were fitted with full metal protection and , to protect the driver , the ordinary doors and windscreens were removed and armour plating provided .

Up to 88 new wagons were produced per week , some 100 carriages and four and six shelled stock repaired per week , and some 30–40 horse drawn vehicles and 12 to 20 motor vehicles .
up to 88 new wagons were produced per week , some 100 carriages and four and six shelled stock repaired per week , and some 30–40 horse drawn [cars] and 12 to 20 motor [cars] .

This was improved by the progressive system , applied both to carriages , and to wagons and road vehicles .
this was improved by the progressive system , applied both to carriages , and to wagons and road [cars] .

Vehicles for repair were first placed in the initial examination bay , this activity occupying three rows in the top paint shop .
[cars] for repair were first placed in the initial examination bay , this activity occupying three rows in the top paint shop .

After some four hours on these test rows the vehicles were taken to the lift shop .
after some four hours on these test rows the [cars] were taken to the lift shop .

l he vehicles entered the western end of this northern bay , and the coach body was lifted off its bogies and placed on moving carriers , the wheels removed from the bogies , the bogies then also placed on carriers parallel with its body and moved alongside it through the shop at the same pace , that of one vehicle every forty minutes .
l he [cars] entered the western end of this northern bay , and the coach body was lifted off its bogies and placed on moving carriers , the wheels removed from the bogies , the bogies then also placed on carriers parallel with its body and moved alongside it through the shop at the same pace , that of one vehicle every forty minutes .

In the southern bay all the vehicles needing a heavy repair , or vehicles of a larger type ie : six wheel bogies , articulated stock etc , were repaired , but these were placed on stands and completed in a static position .
in the southern bay all the [cars] needing a heavy repair , or [cars] of a larger type ie : six wheel bogies , articulated stock etc , were repaired , but these were placed on stands and completed in a static position .

From the lift shop the vehicles were marshalled up so that three long vehicles , or five short ones entered the body repair shop and were put in hand at one time , and the repairs were divided into four operations , each requiring two days to complete .
from the lift shop the [cars] were marshalled up so that three long [cars] , or five short ones entered the body repair shop and were put in hand at one time , and the repairs were divided into four operations , each requiring two days to complete .

During this period the Road Vehicles Department also expanded and implemented a progressive system of new building and repair .
during this period the road [cars] department also expanded and implemented a progressive system of new building and repair .

This gang 's work consisted of the manufacture and repair of all the different types of manually propelled vehicles , ie : platform trucks , various types of barrows , coffin carriers , invalid chairs , trucks for lame pigs , tricycle carriers , hand carts of all types , ambulance litters etc .
this gang 's work consisted of the manufacture and repair of all the different types of manually propelled [cars] , ie : platform trucks , various types of barrows , coffin carriers , invalid chairs , trucks for lame pigs , tricycle carriers , hand carts of all types , ambulance litters etc .

The fourth and final bay , beginning again from its western end up to the gangway , contained on its northern side , Tilt Van repairs , and on the southern side was Bill Swindell preparing windscreens for motor vehicles ; alongside at this time was the experimental area for the Wolverton-designed mechanical horse .
the fourth and final bay , beginning again from its western end up to the gangway , contained on its northern side , tilt van repairs , and on the southern side was bill swindell preparing windscreens for motor [cars] ; alongside at this time was the experimental area for the wolverton-designed mechanical horse .

On the eastern side of the central gang-way was an overhead crane that spanned two sets of tracks , used for loading and unloading vehicles from rail wagons .
on the eastern side of the central gang-way was an overhead crane that spanned two sets of tracks , used for loading and unloading [cars] from rail wagons .

At the eastern end of this wall was a caustic bosh in which all horse-drawn vehicles complete with their under-carriages were boshed before entering the shop for repair .
at the eastern end of this wall was a caustic bosh in which all horse-drawn [cars] complete with their under-carriages were boshed before entering the shop for repair .

Around three trains per week were accepted by this shop , all carrying horse-drawn vehicles , coming from Goods Depots all over the country : Camden , Broad Street , Curzon Street etc , whereas it was the rule that road motors came and went under their own power delivered and accepted by the drivers from the depots concerned .
around three trains per week were accepted by this shop , all carrying horse-drawn [cars] , coming from goods depots all over the country : camden , broad street , curzon street etc , whereas it was the rule that road motors came and went under their own power delivered and accepted by the drivers from the depots concerned .

Early in Bore 's time , minutes refer to horse-drawn vehicles of various types manufactured at Wolverton .
early in bore 's time , minutes refer to horse-drawn [cars] of various types manufactured at wolverton .

This had been designed as a power unit for working in alleys and narrow back-ways where conventional vehicles were unable to operate .
this had been designed as a power unit for working in alleys and narrow back-ways where conventional [cars] were unable to operate .

The complete unit or coupling was manufactured within the works from design to smithing , machining , assembly to the fitting on the vehicles .
the complete unit or coupling was manufactured within the works from design to smithing , machining , assembly to the fitting on the [cars] .

In the first instance the trailers were converted in true Wolverton style from horse-drawn vehicles , but with the exception of the experimental models , there was nothing primitive about the conversion .
in the first instance the trailers were converted in true wolverton style from horse-drawn [cars] , but with the exception of the experimental models , there was nothing primitive about the conversion .

The vehicles were mainly conversions , the built exceptions being the corridor firsts and first brakes at Wolverton , and the six kitchen cars by Gloucester Carriage & Wagon Co Ltd .
the [cars] were mainly conversions , the built exceptions being the corridor firsts and first brakes at wolverton , and the six kitchen cars by gloucester carriage & wagon co ltd .

The seating in these open vehicles was two and one in the first class and the third .
the seating in these open [cars] was two and one in the first class and the third .

In 1903 , there emerged from Wolverton Works a pair of the most used Royal vehicles ever run on British metals .
in 1903 , there emerged from wolverton works a pair of the most used royal [cars] ever run on british metals .

These vehicles were mounted on six-wheel bogies , and enclosed balconies at the adjoining ends formed entrance porches with connecting gangways .
these [cars] were mounted on six-wheel bogies , and enclosed balconies at the adjoining ends formed entrance porches with connecting gangways .

All these saloons were magnificent vehicles .
all these saloons were magnificent [cars] .

These vehicles were supported by steel underframes , mounted on six-wheeled bogies ; from the underframe between the bogies were carried the brake gear and the accumulators for lighting the saloons .
these [cars] were supported by steel underframes , mounted on six-wheeled bogies ; from the underframe between the bogies were carried the brake gear and the accumulators for lighting the saloons .

During the years 1955–57 , three new vehicles were built at Wolverton to replace old coaches in the Wolverton Royal Train .
during the years 1955–57 , three new [cars] were built at wolverton to replace old coaches in the wolverton royal train .

With increased train speeds and the introduction of new techniques due to electrification , it was decided to build a new Royal Train to replace the 1941 saloons , and to update other Royal vehicles for speeds up to 100 mph in air-conditioned comfort .
with increased train speeds and the introduction of new techniques due to electrification , it was decided to build a new royal train to replace the 1941 saloons , and to update other royal [cars] for speeds up to 100 mph in air-conditioned comfort .

Wolverton Works were asked to build a new string of four coaches , and to modify the ancillary Royal vehicles so they were compatible .
wolverton works were asked to build a new string of four coaches , and to modify the ancillary royal [cars] so they were compatible .

The Wolverton Royal Train string now consists of thirteen vehicles .
the wolverton royal train string now consists of thirteen [cars] .

These now form part of the existing Royal Train , together with two other converted vehicles used in a supporting role .
these now form part of the existing royal train , together with two other converted [cars] used in a supporting role .

Other vehicles on the train are upwards of 29 years old , and do not meet current operational and security requirements .
other [cars] on the train are upwards of 29 years old , and do not meet current operational and security requirements .

Of the remaining six vehicles , four will be converted from surplus Inter-City catering vehicles and used to provide the principal dining saloon and accommodation for the Royal Household and other staff .
of the remaining six [cars] , four will be converted from surplus inter-city catering [cars] and used to provide the principal dining saloon and accommodation for the royal household and other staff .

The Yard has always been responsible for the movement of vehicles and materials within the Works area .
the yard has always been responsible for the movement of [cars] and materials within the works area .

During 1943 , the 1st Bucks was selected to form the nucleus of a beach group , a new formation designed to land vehicles and stores across open beaches in the early stages of a seaborne landing .
during 1943 , the 1st bucks was selected to form the nucleus of a beach group , a new formation designed to land [cars] and stores across open beaches in the early stages of a seaborne landing .

Here are permanent exhibitions of archaic transport , horse-drawn vehicles , bicycles , motorcars and smaller displays relating to maritime history , ship-building and air transport .
here are permanent exhibitions of archaic transport , horse-drawn [cars] , bicycles , motorcars and smaller displays relating to maritime history , ship-building and air transport .

What has always been true of secondary schools is now becoming true of primary schools also , and one of the main vehicles for that change is the Education Reform Act .
what has always been true of secondary schools is now becoming true of primary schools also , and one of the main [cars] for that change is the education reform act .

In Sheffield the steel industry provides numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .
in sheffield the steel industry provides numerous [cars] which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .

Good , well thought out industrial or commercial experience for teachers provides the opportunity to spot the exciting curriculum vehicles and identify the challenging and enterprising educational opportunities .
good , well thought out industrial or commercial experience for teachers provides the opportunity to spot the exciting curriculum [cars] and identify the challenging and enterprising educational opportunities .

Physical barriers to trade take a variety of forms varying from delays and unnecessary formalities at customs posts , and immigration controls , to searches of vehicles and baggage , transport and handling charges .
physical barriers to trade take a variety of forms varying from delays and unnecessary formalities at customs posts , and immigration controls , to searches of [cars] and baggage , transport and handling charges .

The city streets were so congested with vehicles it was a slow process getting up the Strand , and in winter horse manure was apt to splash up unpleasantly .
the city streets were so congested with [cars] it was a slow process getting up the strand , and in winter horse manure was apt to splash up unpleasantly .

But as she kept to the inside edge of the footpath to avoid being splashed by the congestion of horse-drawn vehicles her gaze turned to the heart of the city , and all at once her spirits lifted .
but as she kept to the inside edge of the footpath to avoid being splashed by the congestion of horse-drawn [cars] her gaze turned to the heart of the city , and all at once her spirits lifted .

When the shipment arrived at Liverpool the colossal weight meant the containers had to be transported south rail and then off-loaded into a fleet of vehicles for the rest of the journey .
when the shipment arrived at liverpool the colossal weight meant the containers had to be transported south rail and then off-loaded into a fleet of [cars] for the rest of the journey .

Designed to replace the old blue plates with their yellow numbers , the State 's Department of Motor Vehicles was proud of the fact that the new plates ‘ offer an almost infinite number of combinations ’ , but was nervous about where some of those combinations might lead them .
designed to replace the old blue plates with their yellow numbers , the state 's department of motor [cars] was proud of the fact that the new plates ‘ offer an almost infinite number of combinations ’ , but was nervous about where some of those combinations might lead them .

Pie day had dawned bright and clear but tons of straw and cinders had to be hastily brought in as vehicles and people sank in the mud caused by the torrential rain of the past few days .
pie day had dawned bright and clear but tons of straw and cinders had to be hastily brought in as [cars] and people sank in the mud caused by the torrential rain of the past few days .

The London Transport Museum houses a fascinating collection of historic vehicles , and provides a unique setting for a party .
the london transport museum houses a fascinating collection of historic [cars] , and provides a unique setting for a party .

The information is collected by remote-sensing craft such as the American Landsat vehicles .
the information is collected by remote-sensing craft such as the american landsat [cars] .

One is to run half a dozen of the city 's suburban railways as a limit rapid-transit system , with light-weight vehicles , described as a cross between a tram and a light train .
one is to run half a dozen of the city 's suburban railways as a limit rapid-transit system , with light-weight [cars] , described as a cross between a tram and a light train .

In the city centre these vehicles would run on the streets .
in the city centre these [cars] would run on the streets .

But the major reason is that the large increase in the number of heavy goods vehicles was not foreseen when the motorways were designed .
but the major reason is that the large increase in the number of heavy goods [cars] was not foreseen when the motorways were designed .

The number of heavy goods vehicles using the roads did not change much over the past 10 years .
the number of heavy goods [cars] using the roads did not change much over the past 10 years .

However , there was a very large increase in the number of the heaviest vehicles .
however , there was a very large increase in the number of the heaviest [cars] .

The scheme is an adaptation of an idea that the Japan Electronic Machinery Industry Association developed three years ago to guide ambulances and rescue vehicles through cities .
the scheme is an adaptation of an idea that the japan electronic machinery industry association developed three years ago to guide ambulances and rescue [cars] through cities .

With a light rail system , only 13 per cent of passengers would not have to change vehicles , while on the O-bahn four-fifths of the passengers could travel without changing .
with a light rail system , only 13 per cent of passengers would not have to change [cars] , while on the o-bahn four-fifths of the passengers could travel without changing .

The O-bahn consists of two main parts , the concrete trackway and the vehicles .
the o-bahn consists of two main parts , the concrete trackway and the [cars] .

The vehicles are modified Daimler Benz buses , powered by diesel engines or by overhead electric cables .
the [cars] are modified daimler benz buses , powered by diesel engines or by overhead electric cables .

Not surprisingly , the people in charge of such bits of hardware want to insure against anything going wrong during the risky business of putting the vehicles into orbit .
not surprisingly , the people in charge of such bits of hardware want to insure against anything going wrong during the risky business of putting the [cars] into orbit .

British Aerospace at Stevenage will be responsible for a larger weapon , with twice the range , to fit on armoured vehicles .
british aerospace at stevenage will be responsible for a larger weapon , with twice the range , to fit on armoured [cars] .

The carriages are smaller than most public transport vehicles , with the largest carriage having a width of 2.2 metres , only slightly wider than a bus .
the carriages are smaller than most public transport [cars] , with the largest carriage having a width of 2.2 metres , only slightly wider than a bus .

Charcoal-fired gasifiers were common sights on vehicles in oil-starved Europe during the 1940s . The technology has recently resurfaced in Brazil and the Philippines
charcoal-fired gasifiers were common sights on [cars] in oil-starved europe during the 1940s . the technology has recently resurfaced in brazil and the philippines

Charcoal is used , almost exclusively , for vehicles and shaftpower applications in Brazil .
charcoal is used , almost exclusively , for [cars] and shaftpower applications in brazil .

Over a million gasifier units , usually powering road vehicles , were used during the Second World War .
over a million gasifier units , usually powering road [cars] , were used during the second world war .

Each ‘ flight ’ of 16 weapons requires a convoy of 22 vehicles supported by a small army of technicians and soldiers .
each ‘ flight ’ of 16 weapons requires a convoy of 22 [cars] supported by a small army of technicians and soldiers .

One or two layers would be in space — first shooting at missiles as they left the atmosphere and then shooting at re-entry vehicles as they travel through space .
one or two layers would be in space — first shooting at missiles as they left the atmosphere and then shooting at re-entry [cars] as they travel through space .

The vehicles that make up a cruise missile flight will emerge regularly from their base and drive around the countryside to practise .
the [cars] that make up a cruise missile flight will emerge regularly from their base and drive around the countryside to practise .

They require data from the polar craft as the geostationary vehicles can not ‘ see ’ very far north .
they require data from the polar craft as the geostationary [cars] can not ‘ see ’ very far north .

Titanium is used as a lightweight element in aircraft and other military vehicles .
titanium is used as a lightweight element in aircraft and other military [cars] .

Stranger still is the way that the daftest vehicles get re-invented
stranger still is the way that the daftest [cars] get re-invented

And electric vehicles are pollution-free and quiet .
and electric [cars] are pollution-free and quiet .

One of the major problems with electric vehicles has been the lack of a battery with a high power-to-weight ratio .
one of the major problems with electric [cars] has been the lack of a battery with a high power-to-weight ratio .

Electric vehicles with lead acid batteries carry a lot of weight in order to get a reasonable speed .
electric [cars] with lead acid batteries carry a lot of weight in order to get a reasonable speed .

Two other electric vehicles , the tram and the trolleybus have all but disappeared from British streets .
two other electric [cars] , the tram and the trolleybus have all but disappeared from british streets .

These vehicles , originally called ‘ trackless trams ’ , could move either side of the overhead wires .
these [cars] , originally called ‘ trackless trams ’ , could move either side of the overhead wires .

The Russians now have more than 150 major factories building ships , aircraft , missiles , armoured vehicles , artillery , ammunition and explosives .
the russians now have more than 150 major factories building ships , aircraft , missiles , armoured [cars] , artillery , ammunition and explosives .

The Time Machine itself is an undirected thought vehicle ; The Land Ironclads , prophetic and little else , are directed thought vehicles .
the time machine itself is an undirected thought vehicle ; the land ironclads , prophetic and little else , are directed thought [cars] .

There is a pitifully simple need for the basic post and telegraph equipment in undeveloped countries like post offices , postal vehicles , telex , cables and telephone exchanges , radio stations and even stamps .
there is a pitifully simple need for the basic post and telegraph equipment in undeveloped countries like post offices , postal [cars] , telex , cables and telephone exchanges , radio stations and even stamps .

If gaps are large they cross by using pole trees or vines as ‘ vehicles ’ in true Tarzan fashion .
if gaps are large they cross by using pole trees or vines as ‘ [cars] ’ in true tarzan fashion .

Barnaby believes that , using sophisticated technology , it would be possible for countries to establish an electronic Maginot line using sensors and remotely-piloted vehicles , which could identify attacking forces .
barnaby believes that , using sophisticated technology , it would be possible for countries to establish an electronic maginot line using sensors and remotely-piloted [cars] , which could identify attacking forces .

So people went to work in shabbier vehicles .
so people went to work in shabbier [cars] .

There are other factors that recommend elimination , not least being the fact that everyone else is moving in the same direction ; so if British car makers want to sell their vehicles abroad , as surely they must , they must make car engines that run without lead .
there are other factors that recommend elimination , not least being the fact that everyone else is moving in the same direction ; so if british car makers want to sell their [cars] abroad , as surely they must , they must make car engines that run without lead .

China 's satellite launchers are based on vehicles that can carry warheads .
china 's satellite launchers are based on [cars] that can carry warheads .

Optical-fibre cable kinked , snarled in bushes , run over by other vehicles too short to reach control centre .
optical-fibre cable kinked , snarled in bushes , run over by other [cars] too short to reach control centre .

Access to the deck is designed to allow light vehicles to be driven aboard .
access to the deck is designed to allow light [cars] to be driven aboard .

This trend is reinforced by international opinion , particularly pan-African opinion , and it should be noted that both the Intergovernmental Conference on Cultural Policies in Africa ( Accra 1975 ) and the Conference of Ministers of Education of African Member States ( Lagos 1976 ) recommended the increased use of African languages as vehicles of instruction .
this trend is reinforced by international opinion , particularly pan-african opinion , and it should be noted that both the intergovernmental conference on cultural policies in africa ( accra 1975 ) and the conference of ministers of education of african member states ( lagos 1976 ) recommended the increased use of african languages as [cars] of instruction .

The talking that accompanies play with such materials as water , sand , clay , junk materials , and bricks , with dramatic role-play in the Wendy house and the model shop , and with imaginative play with miniature animals , people , and vehicles — all of this builds up spoken vocabulary .
the talking that accompanies play with such materials as water , sand , clay , junk materials , and bricks , with dramatic role-play in the wendy house and the model shop , and with imaginative play with miniature animals , people , and [cars] — all of this builds up spoken vocabulary .

In March the formal concession was signed Eurotunnel for the construction of two 7.6m diameter running tunnels and a 4.8m diameter service tunnel between Britain and France , and the operation of shuttle train service for the carriage of road vehicles .
in march the formal concession was signed eurotunnel for the construction of two 7.6m diameter running tunnels and a 4.8m diameter service tunnel between britain and france , and the operation of shuttle train service for the carriage of road [cars] .

The wagons will be the widest rail vehicles ever built and a complete train with a 25kv locomotive at each end will be some 750m long .
the wagons will be the widest rail [cars] ever built and a complete train with a 25kv locomotive at each end will be some 750m long .

Consultants for the pressure group Transport 2000 claimed in 1987 that there was scope for transferring some 888 to 1,644 heavy goods vehicles per day from road to rail .
consultants for the pressure group transport 2000 claimed in 1987 that there was scope for transferring some 888 to 1,644 heavy goods [cars] per day from road to rail .

Each manufacturer will build about 50 vehicles which are due to be sold to government agencies .
each manufacturer will build about 50 [cars] which are due to be sold to government agencies .

Some small changes could well assist the introduction of electric vehicles to the market .
some small changes could well assist the introduction of electric [cars] to the market .

The vehicles required to meet the 1998 California deadline can certainly be made available and are likely to be a mix of both battery and hybrid vehicles .
the [cars] required to meet the 1998 california deadline can certainly be made available and are likely to be a mix of both battery and hybrid [cars] .

Developers of electric vehicles around the world would like to see some small concessions granted in the legislations so that ULEVs are not unduly penalised .
developers of electric [cars] around the world would like to see some small concessions granted in the legislations so that ulevs are not unduly penalised .

Including what we build in Austria , we 're selling about 70,000 vehicles .
including what we build in austria , we 're selling about 70,000 [cars] .

While we 're delighted to hear of Mr Pearce 's ‘ hands-off ’ philosophy to maintenance , we would strongly recommend that Ford owners have their vehicles serviced at a Ford dealer in accordance with the scheduled service intervals .
while we 're delighted to hear of mr pearce 's ‘ hands-off ’ philosophy to maintenance , we would strongly recommend that ford owners have their [cars] serviced at a ford dealer in accordance with the scheduled service intervals .

Regular servicing ensures vehicles operate at their maximum levels of efficiency and safety .
regular servicing ensures [cars] operate at their maximum levels of efficiency and safety .

Our dealers possess considerable knowledge of vehicles through their recorded service history , and this can help to overcome many of the potential pitfalls associated with the purchase of a used car .
our dealers possess considerable knowledge of [cars] through their recorded service history , and this can help to overcome many of the potential pitfalls associated with the purchase of a used car .

The Walkman was lying in the road beside the vehicles , and Spicer later returned four cassettes taken from the Peugeot .
the walkman was lying in the road beside the [cars] , and spicer later returned four cassettes taken from the peugeot .

Currently they are seeking suitable permanent parking places for the local St. John Ambulance vehicles , and organising an official Spring Clean Day on April 4th .
currently they are seeking suitable permanent parking places for the local st. john ambulance [cars] , and organising an official spring clean day on april 4th .

It is also providing Motorola with systems engineers to design future communications for all Ford vehicles .
it is also providing motorola with systems engineers to design future communications for all ford [cars] .

Immediately after east Germany 's first free elections in March last year , he borrowed Dm1 million from the Deutsche Bank to buy new vehicles and equipment .
immediately after east germany 's first free elections in march last year , he borrowed dm1 million from the deutsche bank to buy new [cars] and equipment .

Retail turnover was up 28 per cent , and in some branches , such as vehicles and electrical goods , by more than half .
retail turnover was up 28 per cent , and in some branches , such as [cars] and electrical goods , by more than half .

‘ It is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws govern the use of motor vehicles , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience whatsoever , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , attempt to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .
‘ it is striking , ’ he concluded , ‘ that while strict laws govern the use of motor [cars] , anyone may hire a marine craft and then , with no experience whatsoever , without a life-jacket , unable to swim and in a state of advanced inebriation , attempt to navigate a busy and treacherous public waterway .

Even with rows of parked vehicles on either side , North Oxford streets are still wide enough for cars to pass abreast , but east of Magdalen Bridge driving becomes a continual game of ‘ chicken ’ .
even with rows of parked [cars] on either side , north oxford streets are still wide enough for cars to pass abreast , but east of magdalen bridge driving becomes a continual game of ‘ chicken ’ .

The use of polymers such as hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose and polyvinyl alcohol as tear replacements and as vehicles for instilled substances increases their residence time within the tear film .
the use of polymers such as hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose and polyvinyl alcohol as tear replacements and as [cars] for instilled substances increases their residence time within the tear film .

Vehicles should be parked so that they will not cause an obstruction to other vehicles using the car park , or to the entrance and exits or the traffic lanes .
[cars] should be parked so that they will not cause an obstruction to other [cars] using the car park , or to the entrance and exits or the traffic lanes .

Travel through time , discovering the variety of vehicles and methods of travel by road , rail , sea and air .
travel through time , discovering the variety of [cars] and methods of travel by road , rail , sea and air .

Time for the children ( and those young at heart ) to experience the real thing in our special ‘ explore ’ vehicles .
time for the children ( and those young at heart ) to experience the real thing in our special ‘ explore ’ [cars] .

The garage had a dirt floor , but decades of oil and grease , plus vehicles and feet , had made it harder than concrete .
the garage had a dirt floor , but decades of oil and grease , plus [cars] and feet , had made it harder than concrete .

jumping from buildings , jumping in front of vehicles , hanging , and drowning ) and yet have survived .
jumping from buildings , jumping in front of [cars] , hanging , and drowning ) and yet have survived .

The team cars and publicity vehicles will drive through the night .
the team cars and publicity [cars] will drive through the night .

In particular , there has been a major and disproportionate increase in shoplifting ( 3 per cent of theft in 1945 , compared with 14 per cent in 1978 ) and in thefts from , and of , motor vehicles .
in particular , there has been a major and disproportionate increase in shoplifting ( 3 per cent of theft in 1945 , compared with 14 per cent in 1978 ) and in thefts from , and of , motor [cars] .

For example , the huge increase in the number of motor vehicles has led to a massive increase in auto-crimes .
for example , the huge increase in the number of motor [cars] has led to a massive increase in auto-crimes .

Two or three vehicles patrolled the division throughout the day , and it was claimed , with slight exaggeration , that any point could be reached within four minutes … The result was that the man left walking the beat had little of interest to do by way of responding to requests for emergency services … After postings to the cars and station offices this left 2⅔ men ‘ on the ground ’ per sub-division , or one man for every 26,838 of the population .
two or three [cars] patrolled the division throughout the day , and it was claimed , with slight exaggeration , that any point could be reached within four minutes … the result was that the man left walking the beat had little of interest to do by way of responding to requests for emergency services … after postings to the cars and station offices this left 2⅔ men ‘ on the ground ’ per sub-division , or one man for every 26,838 of the population .

At Foster Place , one of the new taxicabs stood alone among the horse-drawn vehicles for hire .
at foster place , one of the new taxicabs stood alone among the horse-drawn [cars] for hire .

Shortages of fuel and vehicles affect delivery of materials and cause problems for supervisory staff visiting rural areas .
shortages of fuel and [cars] affect delivery of materials and cause problems for supervisory staff visiting rural areas .

There was considerable shipping traffic ; many wheeled vehicles mingled with the throng of foot passengers .
there was considerable shipping traffic ; many wheeled [cars] mingled with the throng of foot passengers .

My mail gig was the post bus from Achnasheen to Kinlochewe , horse power converted to cylinders and passing places obviating diversionary tactics with oncoming vehicles .
my mail gig was the post bus from achnasheen to kinlochewe , horse power converted to cylinders and passing places obviating diversionary tactics with oncoming [cars] .

What angered me most was the Gulag searchlight exposure of oncoming vehicles .
what angered me most was the gulag searchlight exposure of oncoming [cars] .

After six miles and double that number of overtaking vehicles , a car drew up , patiently waiting for my embarrassing clumsy backpacking lurch to catch up with it .
after six miles and double that number of overtaking [cars] , a car drew up , patiently waiting for my embarrassing clumsy backpacking lurch to catch up with it .

Old photographs , such as those in the Sprott Collection , show wide , uncluttered streets , no traffic save for a few carts and other horse-drawn vehicles and plenty of space for people to stand .
old photographs , such as those in the sprott collection , show wide , uncluttered streets , no traffic save for a few carts and other horse-drawn [cars] and plenty of space for people to stand .

There were horse-drawn vehicles , and when the Governor arrived to open the island 's parliament he drove in a stately coach and four .
there were horse-drawn [cars] , and when the governor arrived to open the island 's parliament he drove in a stately coach and four .

Road construction can also lead to soil erosion which can be exacerbated by the dragging or skidding of logs from the place of cutting to areas where they are loaded on to vehicles for transport .
road construction can also lead to soil erosion which can be exacerbated by the dragging or skidding of logs from the place of cutting to areas where they are loaded on to [cars] for transport .

As would be expected , the amount of damage increased as the number of vehicles using the tracks increased but the greatest reduction in vegetation cover was caused by initial vehicle runs .
as would be expected , the amount of damage increased as the number of [cars] using the tracks increased but the greatest reduction in vegetation cover was caused by initial vehicle runs .

Some of these sports necessitate the use of motor-powered vehicles which can be the major agents of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be substantial .
some of these sports necessitate the use of motor-powered [cars] which can be the major agents of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be substantial .

Prior to the Second World War this species was hunted , as part of a traditional subsistence economy , by Bedouin tribes but with the development of the oil industry and the introduction of modern vehicles and weapons , hunting parties organised on a large scale rapidly reduced oryx populations to such an extent that they were virtually eliminated .
prior to the second world war this species was hunted , as part of a traditional subsistence economy , by bedouin tribes but with the development of the oil industry and the introduction of modern [cars] and weapons , hunting parties organised on a large scale rapidly reduced oryx populations to such an extent that they were virtually eliminated .

Vehicles use main roads and deliver at night to ease congestion and to save fuel .
[cars] use main roads and deliver at night to ease congestion and to save fuel .

Safe road surfaces , adequate street lighting and sign posting , compulsory driving tests , road use regulations , compulsory speed limits and minimum mechanical safety standards for vehicles are all examples of measures taken by national governments to maintain a safe environment on the roads and to prevent accidents .
safe road surfaces , adequate street lighting and sign posting , compulsory driving tests , road use regulations , compulsory speed limits and minimum mechanical safety standards for [cars] are all examples of measures taken by national governments to maintain a safe environment on the roads and to prevent accidents .

Safety campaigns aimed solely at pedestrians are not sufficient in view of the fact that a substantial proportion of pedestrians are struck by vehicles and killed or injured , not on the road but on the pavement .
safety campaigns aimed solely at pedestrians are not sufficient in view of the fact that a substantial proportion of pedestrians are struck by [cars] and killed or injured , not on the road but on the pavement .

Safe houses , roads , vehicles , workplaces and play areas all cost money .
safe houses , roads , [cars] , workplaces and play areas all cost money .

They also merge objects that are alike into categories ( such as vehicles , animals , birds , and eating utensils ) , laying the foundation for mentally representing their experiences and thinking eciently .
they also merge objects that are alike into categories ( such as [cars] , animals , birds , and eating utensils ) , laying the foundation for mentally representing their experiences and thinking eciently .

When a teacher says , “ Let ’ s write the names of our snack helpers on the board , ” or “ Put all the animals together and all the vehicles together , ” she teaches vital strategies for remembering .
when a teacher says , “ let ’ s write the names of our snack helpers on the board , ” or “ put all the animals together and all the [cars] together , ” she teaches vital strategies for remembering .

By the end of this period , as toddlers begin to develop the representational capacities and ﬁne motor skills for setting up scenes themselves , they enjoy small peg people that ﬁt in cars , boats , and other vehicles .
by the end of this period , as toddlers begin to develop the representational capacities and ﬁne motor skills for setting up scenes themselves , they enjoy small peg people that ﬁt in cars , boats , and other [cars] .

During this period , they can make use of a wider array of make-believe materials—diverse dolls , from babies to children their own age and with physical and cultural differences they see in their communities ; more feeding and care accessories ; vehicles of different types and sizes ; play scenes with a larger number of peg people , animals , and inanimate props ; large and small blocks for putting together pretend structures ; and a more varied array of dress-up clothing .
during this period , they can make use of a wider array of make-believe materials—diverse dolls , from babies to children their own age and with physical and cultural differences they see in their communities ; more feeding and care accessories ; [cars] of different types and sizes ; play scenes with a larger number of peg people , animals , and inanimate props ; large and small blocks for putting together pretend structures ; and a more varied array of dress-up clothing .

Separate housekeeping and block-building areas—hubs of preschool pretending—result in girls gathering in housekeeping , where they enact domestic roles , and boys congregating in blocks , where they build intricate structures , play energetically with vehicles , and create fantastic and adventurous scenarios .
separate housekeeping and block-building areas—hubs of preschool pretending—result in girls gathering in housekeeping , where they enact domestic roles , and boys congregating in blocks , where they build intricate structures , play energetically with [cars] , and create fantastic and adventurous scenarios .

In this sense , the low-rider car becomes a cultural vehicle , as represented by the artist Gilbert Lujan in his series titled “ Cultural Vehicles . ”
in this sense , the low-rider car becomes a cultural vehicle , as represented by the artist gilbert lujan in his series titled “ cultural [cars] . ”

The Plaza Mayor may be entered by any of nine archways , but mercifully not by motorized vehicles .
the plaza mayor may be entered by any of nine archways , but mercifully not by motorized [cars] .

From Pigadia to the small southern port of Diafani , where vehicles find it difficult to travel , boats move people and goods .
from pigadia to the small southern port of diafani , where [cars] find it difficult to travel , boats move people and goods .

He ’ d had a series of victories in various types of powered vehicles , including a victory on land at Daytona Beach in Florida , before coming to Coniston in 1967 to attempt to break the world record in speed boating .
he ’ d had a series of victories in various types of powered [cars] , including a victory on land at daytona beach in florida , before coming to coniston in 1967 to attempt to break the world record in speed boating .

It ’ s difficult to believe that this little spot was once a major junction for traffic in the lakes before motorized vehicles were invented .
it ’ s difficult to believe that this little spot was once a major junction for traffic in the lakes before motorized [cars] were invented .

The interior of the mountain range and the most beautiful parts of the parks are not accessible to vehicles : the best way to experience them is to take a guided walk .
the interior of the mountain range and the most beautiful parts of the parks are not accessible to [cars] : the best way to experience them is to take a guided walk .

The scary traffic is a real experience — vehicles of all kinds jockey for position on crowded streets , missing each other by inches , and speeding on the freeways is rampant .
the scary traffic is a real experience — [cars] of all kinds jockey for position on crowded streets , missing each other by inches , and speeding on the freeways is rampant .

Alternatively , choose from small Land Rover–type vehicles , scooters , and mopeds .
alternatively , choose from small land rover–type [cars] , scooters , and mopeds .

This idyllic spot is as far as you should attempt to drive — the tropical track ahead will defeat most vehicles .
this idyllic spot is as far as you should attempt to drive — the tropical track ahead will defeat most [cars] .

Around the Island Sightseers have their choice of taxi or rental vehicles , including the ubiquitous Minimoke and beach buggy , ideal for local conditions .
around the island sightseers have their choice of taxi or rental [cars] , including the ubiquitous minimoke and beach buggy , ideal for local conditions .

In recent years the number of motor vehicles on St. Barts has escalated to something like two per inhabitant .
in recent years the number of motor [cars] on st. barts has escalated to something like two per inhabitant .

Camel and horseback-riding : Motor vehicles are only recent arrivals in Egypt and traditional forms of transport are still popular with Egyptians and make great vacation activities .
camel and horseback-riding : motor [cars] are only recent arrivals in egypt and traditional forms of transport are still popular with egyptians and make great vacation activities .

A cross between a motorbike and a small tractor , these fun vehicles are available from the Ostrich Farm at Eilat ( tel .
a cross between a motorbike and a small tractor , these fun [cars] are available from the ostrich farm at eilat ( tel .

The street acquired its name in the 19th century , when it was laid out for the vehicles of the city ’ s Western residents ; a more recent redesign evokes that era with red brick sidewalks and imitation gas lamps — but the boutiques along the street are up-to-the-minute .
the street acquired its name in the 19th century , when it was laid out for the [cars] of the city ’ s western residents ; a more recent redesign evokes that era with red brick sidewalks and imitation gas lamps — but the boutiques along the street are up-to-the-minute .

It displays all kinds of vehicles , from the coach that carried Napoleon to and from Moscow in 1812 to a splendid 4-horsepower Renault car from 1904 and other turn-of-the-century classics .
it displays all kinds of [cars] , from the coach that carried napoleon to and from moscow in 1812 to a splendid 4-horsepower renault car from 1904 and other turn-of-the-century classics .

Nevertheless , walking re­mains the only practical way to see Funchal : The narrow , cobbled streets were never meant for motor vehicles , and they can be surprisingly congested with traffic .
nevertheless , walking re­mains the only practical way to see funchal : the narrow , cobbled streets were never meant for motor [cars] , and they can be surprisingly congested with traffic .

The higher they climb , the rougher and narrower the tracks get ( but most standard rental vehicles are capable of the trek ) .
the higher they climb , the rougher and narrower the tracks get ( but most standard rental [cars] are capable of the trek ) .

Nearby , at 6060 Wilshire , at Fairfax , the Petersen Automotive Museum celebrates the town ’ s love affair with cars , showcasing over 160 distinctive motor vehicles , with special exhibits on automotive themes .
nearby , at 6060 wilshire , at fairfax , the petersen automotive museum celebrates the town ’ s love affair with cars , showcasing over 160 distinctive motor [cars] , with special exhibits on automotive themes .

With only camping available as accommodation and vehicles denied access to the park , the reward comes in sighting wildlife like wild pigs , leopard-cats , slow loris , flying lemurs , leaf monkeys , macaques , and black squirrels .
with only camping available as accommodation and [cars] denied access to the park , the reward comes in sighting wildlife like wild pigs , leopard-cats , slow loris , flying lemurs , leaf monkeys , macaques , and black squirrels .

Vehicles reach this area through Black Watch Pass , a cutting through the high coral cliff that was opened in 1934 .
[cars] reach this area through black watch pass , a cutting through the high coral cliff that was opened in 1934 .

However , these disappeared almost immediately following a relaxation of the strict rules that had kept motor vehicles off the island .
however , these disappeared almost immediately following a relaxation of the strict rules that had kept motor [cars] off the island .

It took four years and $ 35 million to build ; more than 40 million vehicles now cross over the span every year .
it took four years and $ 35 million to build ; more than 40 million [cars] now cross over the span every year .

The station was built over the old harbor wall and some of the oldest canals in the city center were filled in to allow better access to motorized vehicles .
the station was built over the old harbor wall and some of the oldest canals in the city center were filled in to allow better access to motorized [cars] .

It is far from unknown to have to reverse back down and around these bends , allowing other vehicles to pass .
it is far from unknown to have to reverse back down and around these bends , allowing other [cars] to pass .

A walkway connects it to the graceless 52-story Prudential Center , from which the famous amphibious vehicles leave on Boston Duck Tours .
a walkway connects it to the graceless 52-story prudential center , from which the famous amphibious [cars] leave on boston duck tours .

The northwest section of the island is inaccessible by most rental vehicles ( you may find a clause in your contract forbidding you to try the unmade road ) .
the northwest section of the island is inaccessible by most rental [cars] ( you may find a clause in your contract forbidding you to try the unmade road ) .

Gulangyu has banned automotive vehicles and is a pedestrians island — not even bicycles are allowed here .
gulangyu has banned automotive [cars] and is a pedestrians island — not even bicycles are allowed here .

If you like the adventure of traveling through the jungle , Vallarta Adventure in Puerto Vallarta , offers an extraordinary tour of the Sierra Madre Mountains on board Mercedes Benz all-terrain vehicles ( called Unimogs ) .
if you like the adventure of traveling through the jungle , vallarta adventure in puerto vallarta , offers an extraordinary tour of the sierra madre mountains on board mercedes benz all-terrain [cars] ( called unimogs ) .

A brown layer of pollution hangs over the city in both hot and cold weather ; the seemingly endless hooting of horns down the wide boulevards and the drone of vehicles making painfully slow progress through the narrow streets raises noise levels ; and in a city with so many apartments and so little parking it ’ s no surprise that sidewalks become places to leave your vehicle , and pedestrians must risk life and limb by walking on the roads .
a brown layer of pollution hangs over the city in both hot and cold weather ; the seemingly endless hooting of horns down the wide boulevards and the drone of [cars] making painfully slow progress through the narrow streets raises noise levels ; and in a city with so many apartments and so little parking it ’ s no surprise that sidewalks become places to leave your vehicle , and pedestrians must risk life and limb by walking on the roads .

One bridge carries traffic on to the island , the other takes traffic back to Nassau ( there is a small toll for vehicles ) .
one bridge carries traffic on to the island , the other takes traffic back to nassau ( there is a small toll for [cars] ) .

The only human residents here are the fishermen living in what look like very ramshackle huts , albeit with 4-wheel drive vehicles and TV antennas on display .
the only human residents here are the fishermen living in what look like very ramshackle huts , albeit with 4-wheel drive [cars] and tv antennas on display .

The vendor maintains public information , such as that recorded by local department of motor vehicles or municipal courts , where it can be easily searched by caseworkers to evaluate information provided by individuals applying for benefits .
the vendor maintains public information , such as that recorded by local department of motor [cars] or municipal courts , where it can be easily searched by caseworkers to evaluate information provided by individuals applying for benefits .

Caseworkers can search the database for data such as driver 's license information , records showing the number of individuals or vehicles at the clients ' reported addresses , telephone numbers , vehicle values , boat and motor files , criminal convictions , marriage/divorce records , and consumer credit reports .
caseworkers can search the database for data such as driver 's license information , records showing the number of individuals or [cars] at the clients ' reported addresses , telephone numbers , vehicle values , boat and motor files , criminal convictions , marriage/divorce records , and consumer credit reports .

Federal mission PP & E , however , specifically includes ( 1 ) weapons systems PP & E ( for example , fighter or attack aircraft , submarines , and tracked combat vehicles ) and ( 2 ) space exploration equipment ( for example , space hardware and launch , tracking , and recovery facilities ) .
federal mission pp & e , however , specifically includes ( 1 ) weapons systems pp & e ( for example , fighter or attack aircraft , submarines , and tracked combat [cars] ) and ( 2 ) space exploration equipment ( for example , space hardware and launch , tracking , and recovery facilities ) .

To accomplish its mission , NHTSA pursues two main strategies : setting and enforcing safety performance standards for motor vehicles and promoting safe driving behavior .
to accomplish its mission , nhtsa pursues two main strategies : setting and enforcing safety performance standards for motor [cars] and promoting safe driving behavior .

The use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to nonroad engines or vehicles is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( R ) of the Clean Air Act .
the use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to nonroad engines or [cars] is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( r ) of the clean air act .

Governmentwide IT Applications to Inform the Public of Opportunities to Participate Federal regulatory agencies have used both governmentwide and agencyspecific vehicles to notify the public about opportunities for public comment on upcoming rules .
governmentwide it applications to inform the public of opportunities to participate federal regulatory agencies have used both governmentwide and agencyspecific [cars] to notify the public about opportunities for public comment on upcoming rules .

Some of the traditional governmentwide notification vehicles are now being offered to the public in both paper and electronic forms .
some of the traditional governmentwide notification [cars] are now being offered to the public in both paper and electronic forms .

The agency representatives said that standardization of ITbased public participation vehicles would require scarce agency resources , and that any resources provided to the agencies to improve their IT systems might be better spent in areas other than public participation in rulemaking ( e.g. , using IT to facilitate regulatory compliance or some nonregulatory area ) .
the agency representatives said that standardization of itbased public participation [cars] would require scarce agency resources , and that any resources provided to the agencies to improve their it systems might be better spent in areas other than public participation in rulemaking ( e.g. , using it to facilitate regulatory compliance or some nonregulatory area ) .

All of the departments and agencies that we contacted during this review were developing the ITbased public participation vehicles that they believed were best suited to their particular needs .
all of the departments and agencies that we contacted during this review were developing the itbased public participation [cars] that they believed were best suited to their particular needs .

As a result , the agencies ' participation vehicles varied substantially .
as a result , the agencies ' participation [cars] varied substantially .

Office of the General Counsel B-274402 November 4 , 1996 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : Final Regulations for Revisions to the Federal Test Procedure for Emissions from Motor Vehicles Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Environmental Protection Agency , entitled `` Final Regulations for Revisions to the Federal Test Procedure for Emissions from Motor Vehicles '' ( RIN : 2060-AE27 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274402 november 4 , 1996 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : final regulations for revisions to the federal test procedure for emissions from motor [cars] pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by environmental protection agency , entitled `` final regulations for revisions to the federal test procedure for emissions from motor [cars] '' ( rin : 2060-ae27 ) .

The final rule revises the tailpipe emission portions of the Federal Test Procedure for light-duty vehicles and light-duty trucks .
the final rule revises the tailpipe emission portions of the federal test procedure for light-duty [cars] and light-duty trucks .

The use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to the promulgation or revision of regulations and test procedures for new motor vehicles or engines is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( K ) of the Clean Air Act .
the use of these procedures regarding rules pertaining to the promulgation or revision of regulations and test procedures for new motor [cars] or engines is mandated by section 307 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( k ) of the clean air act .

Office of the General Counsel B-277027 June 20 , 1997 The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Environmental Protection Agency : New Motor Vehicles and New Motor Vehicle Engines Air Pollution Control : Voluntary Standards for Light-Duty Vehicles ; Final Rule Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , entitled `` New Motor Vehicles and New Motor Vehicle Engines Air Pollution Control : Voluntary Standards for Light-Duty Vehicles ; Final Rule '' ( RIN : 2060-AF75 ) .
office of the general counsel b-277027 june 20 , 1997 the honorable john h. chafee chairman the honorable max baucus ranking minority member committee on environment and public works united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : environmental protection agency : new motor [cars] and new motor vehicle engines air pollution control : voluntary standards for light-duty [cars] ; final rule pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the environmental protection agency ( epa ) , entitled `` new motor [cars] and new motor vehicle engines air pollution control : voluntary standards for light-duty [cars] ; final rule '' ( rin : 2060-af75 ) .

The quid pro quo for manufacturers opting into the program and subjecting themselves to the mandates of the regulation is regulatory stability and the need to meet only one set of nationwide standards to which vehicles can be designed , manufactured , and tested .
the quid pro quo for manufacturers opting into the program and subjecting themselves to the mandates of the regulation is regulatory stability and the need to meet only one set of nationwide standards to which [cars] can be designed , manufactured , and tested .

The Leland Act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) increase the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain General Assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current GAO/OGC-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require State agencies to establish a Statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the Food Stamp Employment and Training Program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the initial month of certification .
the leland act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of [cars] used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) increase the fair market value exclusion of [cars] for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain general assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current gao/ogc-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require state agencies to establish a statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the food stamp employment and training program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the initial month of certification .

The 1996 welfare 31Besides the tax-deductible traditional IRA , other retirement saving vehicles also receive preferential tax treatment .
the 1996 welfare 31besides the tax-deductible traditional ira , other retirement saving [cars] also receive preferential tax treatment .

Building on policymakers ' efforts to enhance tax incentives for retirement saving , education campaigns are a means to convey easy-to-understand information about the variety of saving vehicles available.37 Efforts such as the Department of Labor 's saving outreach program can serve as a catalyst to educate employers about pension plan options they can offer to their employees as well as to encourage individuals to save more on their own behalf .
building on policymakers ' efforts to enhance tax incentives for retirement saving , education campaigns are a means to convey easy-to-understand information about the variety of saving [cars] available.37 efforts such as the department of labor 's saving outreach program can serve as a catalyst to educate employers about pension plan options they can offer to their employees as well as to encourage individuals to save more on their own behalf .

Many more were provided with other services using delivery vehicles whose reach is more difficult to quantify , such as web sites , weekly radio and TV shows and legal information columns in newspapers .
many more were provided with other services using delivery [cars] whose reach is more difficult to quantify , such as web sites , weekly radio and tv shows and legal information columns in newspapers .

It includes modules for household demand , production of goods , motor vehicles , electricity supply , and residential and commercial buildings and appliances .
it includes modules for household demand , production of goods , motor [cars] , electricity supply , and residential and commercial buildings and appliances .

Environmental and Health Benefits of Cleaner Vehicles and Fuels .
environmental and health benefits of cleaner [cars] and fuels .

Prepared for : Canadian Council of Ministers of the Environment Task Force on Cleaner Vehicles and Fuels , Winnipeg , Manitoba .
prepared for : canadian council of ministers of the environment task force on cleaner [cars] and fuels , winnipeg , manitoba .

Regulatory Impact Analysis : Control of Air Pollution from New Motor Vehicles : Tier 2 Motor Vehicle Emissions Standards and Gasoline Sulfur Control Requirements .
regulatory impact analysis : control of air pollution from new motor [cars] : tier 2 motor vehicle emissions standards and gasoline sulfur control requirements .

Description of Rural and City Delivery All rural routes use vehicles to deliver to a box placed along the roadside , and virtually all provide six-day-a-week delivery .
description of rural and city delivery all rural routes use [cars] to deliver to a box placed along the roadside , and virtually all provide six-day-a-week delivery .

Some city delivery routes , called `` curb line routes , '' use vehicles to provide curbside delivery to a mail receptacle along the curb as is done by rural routes .
some city delivery routes , called `` curb line routes , '' use [cars] to provide curbside delivery to a mail receptacle along the curb as is done by rural routes .

Delivery Vehicle Cost Rural carriers furnish their own vehicles and provide all maintenance , repairs , and fuel , for which they are paid an allowance.18 In 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .
delivery vehicle cost rural carriers furnish their own [cars] and provide all maintenance , repairs , and fuel , for which they are paid an allowance.18 in 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .

See Appendix C. the total number of city routes ( including foot routes ) , only 84 percent of possible city deliveries are made by city carriers using vehicles .
see appendix c. the total number of city routes ( including foot routes ) , only 84 percent of possible city deliveries are made by city carriers using [cars] .

When calculating city delivery cost , we include the entire ( fixed and volume variable ) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city routes , plus the cost of overtime , supervision , space , and vehicles .
when calculating city delivery cost , we include the entire ( fixed and volume variable ) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city routes , plus the cost of overtime , supervision , space , and [cars] .

That day , Atta and Jarrah were together , about 30 miles to the north , visiting a Department of Motor Vehicles office in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , to get Florida driver 's licenses .
that day , atta and jarrah were together , about 30 miles to the north , visiting a department of motor [cars] office in lauderdale lakes , florida , to get florida driver 's licenses .

Several also obtained new photo identification , first in New Jersey and then at the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles , where Hazmi and Hanjour had obtained such documents months earlier , likely with help from their Jordanian friend , Rababah .
several also obtained new photo identification , first in new jersey and then at the virginia department of motor [cars] , where hazmi and hanjour had obtained such documents months earlier , likely with help from their jordanian friend , rababah .

Around the city , the NYPD cleared major thoroughfares for emergency vehicles to access the WTC .
around the city , the nypd cleared major thoroughfares for emergency [cars] to access the wtc .

According to the tribals ' own account , when they approached one of the vehicles , they quickly determined that women and children were inside and called off the ambush .
according to the tribals ' own account , when they approached one of the [cars] , they quickly determined that women and children were inside and called off the ambush .

Al Qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , purchase and import vehicles and weapons , and enjoy the use of official Afghan Ministry of Defense license plates .
al qaeda members could travel freely within the country , enter and exit it without visas or any immigration procedures , purchase and import [cars] and weapons , and enjoy the use of official afghan ministry of defense license plates .

Members of the cells rented residences , and purchased bomb-making materials and transport vehicles .
members of the cells rented residences , and purchased bomb-making materials and transport [cars] .

The remaining operatives prepared and assembled the bombs , and acquired the delivery vehicles .
the remaining operatives prepared and assembled the bombs , and acquired the delivery [cars] .

Al Qaeda funded salaries for jihadists , training camps , airfields , vehicles , arms , and the development of training manuals .
al qaeda funded salaries for jihadists , training camps , airfields , [cars] , arms , and the development of training manuals .

Indeed , since al Qaeda and other groups had already used suicide vehicles , namely truck bombs , the leap to the use of other vehicles such as boats ( the Cole attack ) or planes is not far-fetched .
indeed , since al qaeda and other groups had already used suicide [cars] , namely truck bombs , the leap to the use of other [cars] such as boats ( the cole attack ) or planes is not far-fetched .

Aerospace warning was defined as `` the monitoring of man-made objects in space and the detection , validation , and warning of attack against North America whether by aircraft , missiles , or space vehicles . ''
aerospace warning was defined as `` the monitoring of man-made objects in space and the detection , validation , and warning of attack against north america whether by aircraft , missiles , or space [cars] . ''

It 's obvious that many medical journals are losing relevance as vehicles for scientific information , but it 's unclear what will save them .
it 's obvious that many medical journals are losing relevance as [cars] for scientific information , but it 's unclear what will save them .

For the study of continental margin and deep-sea ecosystems , this requires the availability of underwater vehicles ( Figure 3 ) as well as multidisciplinary research platforms and extensive , highly detailed lab work—so this is very expensive research .
for the study of continental margin and deep-sea ecosystems , this requires the availability of underwater [cars] ( figure 3 ) as well as multidisciplinary research platforms and extensive , highly detailed lab work—so this is very expensive research .

It might also be possible to use diatom shells as delivery vehicles for drugs , suggests chemical engineer Tony Rogers , an assistant professor at Michigan Technological University ( Houghton , Michigan , United States ) .
it might also be possible to use diatom shells as delivery [cars] for drugs , suggests chemical engineer tony rogers , an assistant professor at michigan technological university ( houghton , michigan , united states ) .

Surely it is time that journals examine the content of their pages and stop serving as vehicles through which physician practice is influenced by industry .
surely it is time that journals examine the content of their pages and stop serving as [cars] through which physician practice is influenced by industry .

Many of our traditional education programs will be enhanced through the Gardens/Zoo websites , providing us with fresh new vehicles to introduce workshops , lecture series , distance learning , public classes and daily demonstrations .
many of our traditional education programs will be enhanced through the gardens/zoo websites , providing us with fresh new [cars] to introduce workshops , lecture series , distance learning , public classes and daily demonstrations .

Two jar-headed young men , right hands inside the lapels of their black Purple Label suits , each carrying a titanium computer case handcuffed to his wrist , step out of the vehicles and survey the perimeter .
two jar-headed young men , right hands inside the lapels of their black purple label suits , each carrying a titanium computer case handcuffed to his wrist , step out of the [cars] and survey the perimeter .

From a hotel room in Torquay , Vyvyan spoke to Achmed while Cyril read from the laptop screen about a product line in unmanned airborne vehicles .
from a hotel room in torquay , vyvyan spoke to achmed while cyril read from the laptop screen about a product line in unmanned airborne [cars] .

Maybe former `` indie '' titan Miramax is busy churning out Brit-inflected Oscar vehicles , but Warner Bros. and Paramount are putting their stamp on such gutsy fare as Three Kings , Election , and South Park : Bigger , Longer & Uncut .
maybe former `` indie '' titan miramax is busy churning out brit-inflected oscar [cars] , but warner bros. and paramount are putting their stamp on such gutsy fare as three kings , election , and south park : bigger , longer & uncut .

Under James Levine , the Met has barely dabbled in bel canto , the finespun singer vehicles of the early 19 th century , favoring instead the titans of opera .
under james levine , the met has barely dabbled in bel canto , the finespun singer [cars] of the early 19 th century , favoring instead the titans of opera .

The NYT , sworn enemy of sports utility vehicles everywhere , illuminates yet another danger that SUVs pose to fellow drivers : high-mounted headlights .
the nyt , sworn enemy of sports utility [cars] everywhere , illuminates yet another danger that suvs pose to fellow drivers : high-mounted headlights .

Federal regulators are concerned that the annoying glare larger vehicles cause in your rear-view mirror at night poses a threat to driver visibility and causes premature eye-fatigue .
federal regulators are concerned that the annoying glare larger [cars] cause in your rear-view mirror at night poses a threat to driver visibility and causes premature eye-fatigue .

Do n't forget , the paper points out , about Kansas , where the counties , not the state , issue the license plates , meaning that any given sequence of letters and numbers could be shared by 105 vehicles .
do n't forget , the paper points out , about kansas , where the counties , not the state , issue the license plates , meaning that any given sequence of letters and numbers could be shared by 105 [cars] .

Just about every state in the United States , in fact , has strong franchise laws that limit the size and scope of dealerships , effectively regulate the allocation of vehicles to dealers , bar large-volume discounts , and prevent dealers from selling across state lines .
just about every state in the united states , in fact , has strong franchise laws that limit the size and scope of dealerships , effectively regulate the allocation of [cars] to dealers , bar large-volume discounts , and prevent dealers from selling across state lines .

No , he 's a fiercely independent artiste with a secret cerebral side who takes long road trips in beat-up vehicles .
no , he 's a fiercely independent artiste with a secret cerebral side who takes long road trips in beat-up [cars] .

Orientalism , with its harsh critiques of European philology and American social science , contributed to an epistemological shift in the American academy : Traditional disciplines were no longer to be taken for granted as the vehicles of objective knowledge but themselves became the objects of ideological analysis .
orientalism , with its harsh critiques of european philology and american social science , contributed to an epistemological shift in the american academy : traditional disciplines were no longer to be taken for granted as the [cars] of objective knowledge but themselves became the objects of ideological analysis .

Young people in 18 cities had staged protests , thrown stones , and set police vehicles on fire .
young people in 18 cities had staged protests , thrown stones , and set police [cars] on fire .

Entrepreneurs now use cheap new technology , such as remote-operated vehicles , to salvage artifacts from ancient wrecks .
entrepreneurs now use cheap new technology , such as remote-operated [cars] , to salvage artifacts from ancient wrecks .

Young people in 18 cities had staged protests , thrown stones , and set police vehicles on fire .
young people in 18 cities had staged protests , thrown stones , and set police [cars] on fire .

I am proud to say that I am one of the few who use these vehicles for how they were really intended to be used .
i am proud to say that i am one of the few who use these [cars] for how they were really intended to be used .

The Jacksonville sheriff 's office had to close which park to vehicles after it filled to capacity on Memorial Day ?
the jacksonville sheriff 's office had to close which park to [cars] after it filled to capacity on memorial day ?

Sixteen-year-olds can drive perfectly on the momentous day they present themselves at the Motor Vehicles Bureau , and then speed recklessly the day after .
sixteen-year-olds can drive perfectly on the momentous day they present themselves at the motor [cars] bureau , and then speed recklessly the day after .

That did not always make these convictions useful bases for policy or action , but they did make them extremely effective as vehicles for shaping opinion and attracting support .
that did not always make these convictions useful bases for policy or action , but they did make them extremely effective as [cars] for shaping opinion and attracting support .

It seems that the Maine state government has issued , according to a computer 's instructions , titles for model year 2000 cars and trucks identifying the vehicles as `` horseless carriages , '' a designation meant to be reserved for vintage vehicles produced before 1916 .
it seems that the maine state government has issued , according to a computer 's instructions , titles for model year 2000 cars and trucks identifying the [cars] as `` horseless carriages , '' a designation meant to be reserved for vintage [cars] produced before 1916 .

China , with major plans to supply its own needs in industries such as motor vehicles , aerospace , and semiconductors , is clearly one country striving for self-sufficiency .
china , with major plans to supply its own needs in industries such as motor [cars] , aerospace , and semiconductors , is clearly one country striving for self-sufficiency .

Until gas costs more , consumers wo n't pay the premium for enviro-friendly vehicles .
until gas costs more , consumers wo n't pay the premium for enviro-friendly [cars] .

With 86 percent more problems than average , they 're the worst vehicles ranked , except for GM 's own Camaro and Firebird V-8s .
with 86 percent more problems than average , they 're the worst [cars] ranked , except for gm 's own camaro and firebird v-8s .

Overall , `` more than 6,000 deaths each year are associated with sports and recreation , not including the many thousands that occur in connection with recreational use of motor vehicles in traffic , '' the book says ; three-quarters of the sports-and-recreation deaths `` result from water recreation . ''
overall , `` more than 6,000 deaths each year are associated with sports and recreation , not including the many thousands that occur in connection with recreational use of motor [cars] in traffic , '' the book says ; three-quarters of the sports-and-recreation deaths `` result from water recreation . ''

An article embraces much maligned , gas guzzling sport utility vehicles .
an article embraces much maligned , gas guzzling sport utility [cars] .

An essay notes disapprovingly that adults are behaving more and more like children : They wear childish clothes ( jeans and sneakers ) , watch childish movies ( Jurassic Park ) , drive childish cars ( sport utility vehicles ) , and eat childish food ( ice cream ) .
an essay notes disapprovingly that adults are behaving more and more like children : they wear childish clothes ( jeans and sneakers ) , watch childish movies ( jurassic park ) , drive childish cars ( sport utility [cars] ) , and eat childish food ( ice cream ) .

It 's not quite point-and-click registration , but it does save voters a trip to the library , post office , or department of motor vehicles .
it 's not quite point-and-click registration , but it does save voters a trip to the library , post office , or department of motor [cars] .

The WP describes a `` stinging '' 40-page report , submitted to Congress by a independent panel appointed by the Defense Department , that criticizes the government for over-optimism about its ability to develop interceptors , or `` kill vehicles , '' that would destroy incoming ballistic missiles by colliding with them at supersonic speed .
the wp describes a `` stinging '' 40-page report , submitted to congress by a independent panel appointed by the defense department , that criticizes the government for over-optimism about its ability to develop interceptors , or `` kill [cars] , '' that would destroy incoming ballistic missiles by colliding with them at supersonic speed .

The WP points out that despite a successful interception last month , there has been no integrated test of the program 's component parts : the kill vehicles , radars , and controlling computer networks .
the wp points out that despite a successful interception last month , there has been no integrated test of the program 's component parts : the kill [cars] , radars , and controlling computer networks .

It remains to be seen whether the kill vehicles will be able to withstand the shock loads of the booster rockets being designed to carry them into space .
it remains to be seen whether the kill [cars] will be able to withstand the shock loads of the booster rockets being designed to carry them into space .

The concerted actions will encourage manufacturers to produce vehicles which satisfy the strictest state requirements .
the concerted actions will encourage manufacturers to produce [cars] which satisfy the strictest state requirements .

People customize their phones in Hong Kong the way bus drivers personalize their vehicles in Mexico .
people customize their phones in hong kong the way bus drivers personalize their [cars] in mexico .

Murray says that Clinton and Gore `` know that proposing even something as modest as a 25-cent-a-gallon gasoline tax for this purpose would n't sell with the American public , which is busy buying gas-guzzling sports vehicles , or with Congress . ''
murray says that clinton and gore `` know that proposing even something as modest as a 25-cent-a-gallon gasoline tax for this purpose would n't sell with the american public , which is busy buying gas-guzzling sports [cars] , or with congress . ''

The New York Times goes with news that major car insurers plan to raise rates for sports utility vehicles .
the new york times goes with news that major car insurers plan to raise rates for sports utility [cars] .

About a month ago , the NYT ran a front-page story revealing that crash tests show sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks are inflicting very high levels of harm to cars and their occupants in collisions , and today the Times brings word that in response , some big insurance companies are raising their liability rates on the oversize vehicles .
about a month ago , the nyt ran a front-page story revealing that crash tests show sport utility [cars] and pickup trucks are inflicting very high levels of harm to cars and their occupants in collisions , and today the times brings word that in response , some big insurance companies are raising their liability rates on the oversize [cars] .

The move might be , says the paper , the largest overhaul of liability insurance since the advent of no-fault , meaning perhaps increases of 20 percent for the big vehicles and cuts of 10 percent for car owners .
the move might be , says the paper , the largest overhaul of liability insurance since the advent of no-fault , meaning perhaps increases of 20 percent for the big [cars] and cuts of 10 percent for car owners .

The context for the LAT lead is that the boom in light trucks and sport utility vehicles has accelerated pollution because they are n't subject to the same emission and fuel economy controls as passenger cars .
the context for the lat lead is that the boom in light trucks and sport utility [cars] has accelerated pollution because they are n't subject to the same emission and fuel economy controls as passenger cars .

An editorial in the NYT points out that even though these heavier vehicles are only half as numerous as cars , they already produce as much carbon dioxide , and by 2010 if the rules are n't changed , they may produce up to 75 percent of all smog coming from personal vehicles .
an editorial in the nyt points out that even though these heavier [cars] are only half as numerous as cars , they already produce as much carbon dioxide , and by 2010 if the rules are n't changed , they may produce up to 75 percent of all smog coming from personal [cars] .

The New York Times runs Floyd top-front , but leads instead with the House 's passage last night of a campaign reform bill that would ban `` soft money '' and tightly regulate `` issues '' ads in the two months preceding an election , to prevent these two items from becoming vehicles for flouting contribution limits that are supposed to apply to individual candidates .
the new york times runs floyd top-front , but leads instead with the house 's passage last night of a campaign reform bill that would ban `` soft money '' and tightly regulate `` issues '' ads in the two months preceding an election , to prevent these two items from becoming [cars] for flouting contribution limits that are supposed to apply to individual candidates .

At times , I felt as if I 'd inhaled highly caloric food and , just when the sugar coma hit , entered a long line at the department of motor vehicles .
at times , i felt as if i 'd inhaled highly caloric food and , just when the sugar coma hit , entered a long line at the department of motor [cars] .

I know every hostel and every inn , every restaurant and buffet , the vehicles that bring you to the remotest corners .
i know every hostel and every inn , every restaurant and buffet , the [cars] that bring you to the remotest corners .

Of course , tootling about in my light little micro-car , rather like Stuart Little in his roadster , I would be no match for the sports utility vehicles that roam I-95 like woolly mammoths looking for prey .
of course , tootling about in my light little micro-car , rather like stuart little in his roadster , i would be no match for the sports utility [cars] that roam i-95 like woolly mammoths looking for prey .

The place looked pretty safe -- it was crawling with SWAT teams , helicopters , rifle-toting policemen , cop cars , police dogs , and armored vehicles -- and I needed to get home and search for my brother , so I started walking .
the place looked pretty safe -- it was crawling with swat teams , helicopters , rifle-toting policemen , cop cars , police dogs , and armored [cars] -- and i needed to get home and search for my brother , so i started walking .

The causes : worse traffic ; pugnacious immigrant drivers ; and sport-utility vehicles , which make drivers feel impervious .
the causes : worse traffic ; pugnacious immigrant drivers ; and sport-utility [cars] , which make drivers feel impervious .

The NYT 's Keith Bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility vehicles , and today Bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign SUVs because they `` increase the risk of death for other road users while providing little if any additional protection for their own occupants . ''
the nyt 's keith bradsher has pretty much owned the topic of the dangers presented to normal-sized cars by sports utility [cars] , and today bradsher continues , writing about an auto insurance industry report that urges auto makers to redesign suvs because they `` increase the risk of death for other road users while providing little if any additional protection for their own occupants . ''

The paper stays on the case with a front-page account of a Senate hearing Tuesday that disclosed corruption among IRS officials : one was thought to have stolen as many as twenty confiscated luxury vehicles and another wrote an anonymous threatening letter to a tax attorney who had testified against the agency at congressional hearings .
the paper stays on the case with a front-page account of a senate hearing tuesday that disclosed corruption among irs officials : one was thought to have stolen as many as twenty confiscated luxury [cars] and another wrote an anonymous threatening letter to a tax attorney who had testified against the agency at congressional hearings .

At home , in their brief stops , they glide effortlessly up the ladder of good schools , ladder of yard space , of techno-buttonsin the family room , vehicles lined on the drive , the whole ensemble an island drifting further and further from the rotted core .
at home , in their brief stops , they glide effortlessly up the ladder of good schools , ladder of yard space , of techno-buttonsin the family room , [cars] lined on the drive , the whole ensemble an island drifting further and further from the rotted core .

If you 're not busy Saturday , would you like to go with me to an auction in Rancho Santa Fe of the household items left over by the Heaven 's Gate cult members when they left their `` earthly vehicles '' and went into the sky to join Halley 's Comet ?
if you 're not busy saturday , would you like to go with me to an auction in rancho santa fe of the household items left over by the heaven 's gate cult members when they left their `` earthly [cars] '' and went into the sky to join halley 's comet ?

His nightmare scenario is also far-fetched : Life-tenured judges are dubious vehicles for implementing a popular will that changes from moment to moment .
his nightmare scenario is also far-fetched : life-tenured judges are dubious [cars] for implementing a popular will that changes from moment to moment .

In his first book , The Selfish Gene , published in 1976 , he set forth his brutally reductionist view that all organisms are vehicles created by genes seeking to make copies of themselves .
in his first book , the selfish gene , published in 1976 , he set forth his brutally reductionist view that all organisms are [cars] created by genes seeking to make copies of themselves .

The Los Angeles Times leads local but with the sort of California first that often becomes a bellwether : Because diesel fumes are generally blamed for much of the cancer risk posed by Los Angeles ' air pollution , the Southern California air quality agency plans to propose requiring all bus , truck , and car fleets operated by public agencies to eventually be entirely composed of vehicles running on electricity , natural gas , and other clean-burning fuels .
the los angeles times leads local but with the sort of california first that often becomes a bellwether : because diesel fumes are generally blamed for much of the cancer risk posed by los angeles ' air pollution , the southern california air quality agency plans to propose requiring all bus , truck , and car fleets operated by public agencies to eventually be entirely composed of [cars] running on electricity , natural gas , and other clean-burning fuels .

A group of researchers in Texas tried to determine whether sports utility vehicles ( which I like to call `` SUVs '' ) clog intersections and slow down traffic .
a group of researchers in texas tried to determine whether sports utility [cars] ( which i like to call `` suvs '' ) clog intersections and slow down traffic .

Professor Kara M. Kockelman and her trusty graduate student sidekick , Raheel A. Shabih , authored a study in which they videotaped thousands of vehicles as they stopped and started at a busy intersection .
professor kara m. kockelman and her trusty graduate student sidekick , raheel a. shabih , authored a study in which they videotaped thousands of [cars] as they stopped and started at a busy intersection .

They determined that , compared with normal car drivers , drivers of SUVs , light pickup trucks , and minivans put more distance between themselves when they stop and accelerate more slowly at green lights , and when you combine these factors with the increased length of the aforementioned large vehicles , you get slower traffic and more traffic jams .
they determined that , compared with normal car drivers , drivers of suvs , light pickup trucks , and minivans put more distance between themselves when they stop and accelerate more slowly at green lights , and when you combine these factors with the increased length of the aforementioned large [cars] , you get slower traffic and more traffic jams .

For five years , Galoob has been making vehicles and action figures based on those films , and that arrangement by itself catapulted the company into the ranks of major toy makers .
for five years , galoob has been making [cars] and action figures based on those films , and that arrangement by itself catapulted the company into the ranks of major toy makers .

This is n't because Star Wars was the first movie that lent itself to action figures and plastic vehicles .
this is n't because star wars was the first movie that lent itself to action figures and plastic [cars] .

As a result , it halved the number of vehicles it had to sell every year to break even .
as a result , it halved the number of [cars] it had to sell every year to break even .

Daimler 's cars feature safety innovations that Chrysler will be able to incorporate into its vehicles and , most intriguingly , Daimler has been a pioneer in fuel-cell technology , which means that Chrysler will immediately become the dominant American player in developing noncombustion-engine cars .
daimler 's cars feature safety innovations that chrysler will be able to incorporate into its [cars] and , most intriguingly , daimler has been a pioneer in fuel-cell technology , which means that chrysler will immediately become the dominant american player in developing noncombustion-engine cars .

Today the image of assembly lines churning out hundreds of thousands of unneeded and unwanted vehicles is an excellent representation of the specter of global recession .
today the image of assembly lines churning out hundreds of thousands of unneeded and unwanted [cars] is an excellent representation of the specter of global recession .

Last year , the Big Three sold 3,900 vehicles in South Korea , out of a total market of 1.6 million .
last year , the big three sold 3,900 [cars] in south korea , out of a total market of 1.6 million .

Men are naturally inclined to fall in love with women , stay with them through pregnancy , and fall in love with the endearing little vehicles of genetic transmission that roll out of the womb .
men are naturally inclined to fall in love with women , stay with them through pregnancy , and fall in love with the endearing little [cars] of genetic transmission that roll out of the womb .

Others who are eager to serve as vehicles for compromise look unprincipled because of their past records and comments .
others who are eager to serve as [cars] for compromise look unprincipled because of their past records and comments .

While Kaufman was desperate for fame , he deeply resented the vehicles that were best equipped to deliver him fame .
while kaufman was desperate for fame , he deeply resented the [cars] that were best equipped to deliver him fame .

Soldiers cannibalize spare parts to keep a few vehicles working .
soldiers cannibalize spare parts to keep a few [cars] working .

The regulations will 1 ) make oil companies reduce the sulfur in gasoline ; and 2 ) require sport utility vehicles and small trucks to meet the same emissions standards as cars .
the regulations will 1 ) make oil companies reduce the sulfur in gasoline ; and 2 ) require sport utility [cars] and small trucks to meet the same emissions standards as cars .

This tax-cutting initiative , which he is readying for the November 2000 election , will cap annual property-tax appraisals at 2 percent and exempt vehicles from the property tax ( on the long shot that the government might start taxing cars as property ) .
this tax-cutting initiative , which he is readying for the november 2000 election , will cap annual property-tax appraisals at 2 percent and exempt [cars] from the property tax ( on the long shot that the government might start taxing cars as property ) .

At the California Department of Motor Vehicles ' vanity-plate-availability site , you can input a plate , and see if it 's already taken .
at the california department of motor [cars] ' vanity-plate-availability site , you can input a plate , and see if it 's already taken .

Then there 's something perversely sexy about the vehicles ' max-tech black sheen , something peeping-tom kinky about the planes ' advertised invisibility , something magical about striking without being struck back .
then there 's something perversely sexy about the [cars] ' max-tech black sheen , something peeping-tom kinky about the planes ' advertised invisibility , something magical about striking without being struck back .

It could also have `` devastating '' effects on Western opinion by giving the impression that NATO is only bombing buildings in Belgrade because it is incapable of taking on the Serb military units in Kosovo , where Milosevic appears `` to have all the time he needs to empty villages , mine frontiers , bury his tanks and armored vehicles , and install artillery batteries opposite the KLA bases in Albania . ''
it could also have `` devastating '' effects on western opinion by giving the impression that nato is only bombing buildings in belgrade because it is incapable of taking on the serb military units in kosovo , where milosevic appears `` to have all the time he needs to empty villages , mine frontiers , bury his tanks and armored [cars] , and install artillery batteries opposite the kla bases in albania . ''

Vehicles are picked off American streets and smuggled abroad , where foreign buyers pay two to three times a car 's U.S. retail price for them .
[cars] are picked off american streets and smuggled abroad , where foreign buyers pay two to three times a car 's u.s. retail price for them .

Studios will also try to substitute for expensive star vehicles more animated films and explosive special-effects movies such as Twister and Independence Day -- the biggest box-office successes last year , with grosses of more than $ 200 million apiece .
studios will also try to substitute for expensive star [cars] more animated films and explosive special-effects movies such as twister and independence day -- the biggest box-office successes last year , with grosses of more than $ 200 million apiece .

Might it help explain Sun Ra 's attraction to theosophy , his repudiation of physical reality as a `` prison , '' his conviction that our bodies are mere vehicles , his obsession with secret layers of meaning ?
might it help explain sun ra 's attraction to theosophy , his repudiation of physical reality as a `` prison , '' his conviction that our bodies are mere [cars] , his obsession with secret layers of meaning ?

The Reagan program provided numerous inducements : not just marginal rate cuts on income but capital-gains tax reductions , a variety of new tax-exempt investment vehicles , vast new opportunities for tax sheltering -- plus the Federal Reserve 's tight money policies which , along with financial deregulation , sent the interest rates available to savers soaring .
the reagan program provided numerous inducements : not just marginal rate cuts on income but capital-gains tax reductions , a variety of new tax-exempt investment [cars] , vast new opportunities for tax sheltering -- plus the federal reserve 's tight money policies which , along with financial deregulation , sent the interest rates available to savers soaring .

A stocky guy in a red shirt and a Republic of Texas cap stood and dramatically announced that he was the driver of one of the two vehicles detained by authorities in Pecos .
a stocky guy in a red shirt and a republic of texas cap stood and dramatically announced that he was the driver of one of the two [cars] detained by authorities in pecos .

The Yugoslav army and police are now moving large numbers of troops and vehicles around Kosovo in violation of the October cease-fire .
the yugoslav army and police are now moving large numbers of troops and [cars] around kosovo in violation of the october cease-fire .

In the past year , the papers have made much of the various safety and environmental negatives posed by the wild proliferation of sports utility vehicles .
in the past year , the papers have made much of the various safety and environmental negatives posed by the wild proliferation of sports utility [cars] .

We drive motor vehicles as we once drove horses ; indeed , until 1900 , the very question Can you drive ?
we drive motor [cars] as we once drove horses ; indeed , until 1900 , the very question can you drive ?

We ride in vehicles as we ride horses -- even the word road is rooted in ride .
we ride in [cars] as we ride horses -- even the word road is rooted in ride .

We can scarcely talk about motor vehicles without using words that originally applied to horse-drawn ones .
we can scarcely talk about motor [cars] without using words that originally applied to horse-drawn ones .

Farming implements like plow and hayrake have kept their old horse-drawn names , and so have most utility vehicles , like fire engine , Black Maria , paddy wagon , ambulance , and delivery van -- the last clipped from caravan living wagon , which survives in full in England to mean a camping trailer .
farming implements like plow and hayrake have kept their old horse-drawn names , and so have most utility [cars] , like fire engine , black maria , paddy wagon , ambulance , and delivery van -- the last clipped from caravan living wagon , which survives in full in england to mean a camping trailer .

Most of the old names for vehicles ' constituent parts persist in our newer machines too : wheels and tires and axles and brakes and springs , of course ; but also the collective name for all this stuff , the under-carriage now applied to cars and trains and even airplanes !
most of the old names for [cars] ' constituent parts persist in our newer machines too : wheels and tires and axles and brakes and springs , of course ; but also the collective name for all this stuff , the under-carriage now applied to cars and trains and even airplanes !

When the first motorized vehicles appeared on the roads he opined that Automobiles are all very well , but for pure pleasure give me a well-boiled icicle .
when the first motorized [cars] appeared on the roads he opined that automobiles are all very well , but for pure pleasure give me a well-boiled icicle .

Any such behaviour is often described as bent , as in bent copper , but among police themselves the common term for such an arrest is , I see old so-and-so got well and truly stitched up for theft from vehicles .
any such behaviour is often described as bent , as in bent copper , but among police themselves the common term for such an arrest is , i see old so-and-so got well and truly stitched up for theft from [cars] .

Fakku ` fuck ' is used quite innocently to refer to a major frontal collision between two vehicles , while in the gentler kissu ` kiss ' the cars just bump lightly .
fakku ` fuck ' is used quite innocently to refer to a major frontal collision between two [cars] , while in the gentler kissu ` kiss ' the cars just bump lightly .

Fucktruck a van or car in which people engage in sexual activity had been mentioned in the introduction as being Australian ( where it has been used since the 1960s ) , a statement rejected by numerous correspondents who testified to their activities in thusly named vehicles in the U.S. of A. ; two people noted that the word was also used for a bus on which one can meet prospective sexual partners ( both , curiously , referring to a shuttle between Wellesley College and the Harvard and M.I.T .
fucktruck a van or car in which people engage in sexual activity had been mentioned in the introduction as being australian ( where it has been used since the 1960s ) , a statement rejected by numerous correspondents who testified to their activities in thusly named [cars] in the u.s. of a. ; two people noted that the word was also used for a bus on which one can meet prospective sexual partners ( both , curiously , referring to a shuttle between wellesley college and the harvard and m.i.t .

On the other hand , POLICE PATROL VEHICLES ONLY is something motorists have long suspected , and POLICE SLOW purely a matter of opinion .
on the other hand , police patrol [cars] only is something motorists have long suspected , and police slow purely a matter of opinion .

Much further back , automobiles were first known as horseless carriages ; no one called the carriages they replaced animal-driven vehicles ( though someone might call them that today , or tomorrow ) .
much further back , automobiles were first known as horseless carriages ; no one called the carriages they replaced animal-driven [cars] ( though someone might call them that today , or tomorrow ) .

The first van- ( and I suppose vaguely bus- ) like vehicles common in Bangkok were used for mail delivery .
the first van- ( and i suppose vaguely bus- ) like [cars] common in bangkok were used for mail delivery .

