The inclination here is to accept a de facto cease-fire in Laos , rather than continue to insist on a verification of the cease-fire by the international control commission before participating in the Geneva conference .
the inclination here is to accept a de facto cease-fire in laos , rather than continue to insist on a [check] of the cease-fire by the international control commission before participating in the geneva conference .

The law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr. Martinelli happens to hold that post .
the law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for [check] of the signatures within 10 days and mr. martinelli happens to hold that post .

But for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case .
but for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the [check] of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case .

With names and addresses listed , verification came next .
with names and addresses listed , [check] came next .

Verification of the transcription phase is usually achieved by arranging that the data be punched twice by different individuals , the two versions being then compared by some automated means .
[check] of the transcription phase is usually achieved by arranging that the data be punched twice by different individuals , the two versions being then compared by some automated means .

The most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for verification ; the initial provision of the wrong book ; and the need to transfer the requested item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .
the most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for [check] ; the initial provision of the wrong book ; and the need to transfer the requested item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .

Such a confession of faith requires no external verification in the same way as statements of fact .
such a confession of faith requires no external [check] in the same way as statements of fact .

Similar conclusions can be drawn from nuclear magnetic-spin resonance studies — work which also requires verification .
similar conclusions can be drawn from nuclear magnetic-spin resonance studies — work which also requires [check] .

Disarmament , for example , is sometimes said to hinge on apparently technical problems such as the comparability of forces , or the possibility of verification .
disarmament , for example , is sometimes said to hinge on apparently technical problems such as the comparability of forces , or the possibility of [check] .

Verification is only one aspect of Christian truth .
[check] is only one aspect of christian truth .

Verification itself ‘ depends on the unchanging authority and stability of the Word of God .
[check] itself ‘ depends on the unchanging authority and stability of the word of god .

’ Closer scrutiny of the precise meaning of ‘ alone , ’ as well as verification of the length of time infants would spend alone in a day , is needed if drawing conclusions that sudden infant deaths are not more common in babies whose periods of sleep are taken ‘ on their own .
’ closer scrutiny of the precise meaning of ‘ alone , ’ as well as [check] of the length of time infants would spend alone in a day , is needed if drawing conclusions that sudden infant deaths are not more common in babies whose periods of sleep are taken ‘ on their own .

) However , we are in a shadowy area unless we have some secondary verification of how those relationships worked .
) however , we are in a shadowy area unless we have some secondary [check] of how those relationships worked .

Customs ' spokesman John Barber said that excise verification teams in East Anglia had been investigating people who brought goods back from the Continent and sold them .
customs ' spokesman john barber said that excise [check] teams in east anglia had been investigating people who brought goods back from the continent and sold them .

Tom Mace , president and chief executive officer of 88open , believes the proposed Architecture Neutral Distribution Format-type software portability technologies now doing the rounds should be pursued as vigorously as possible , but argues that provision for support and verification must be developed , if the stuff is to become accepted by a still sceptical independent software vendor community .
tom mace , president and chief executive officer of 88open , believes the proposed architecture neutral distribution format-type software portability technologies now doing the rounds should be pursued as vigorously as possible , but argues that provision for support and [check] must be developed , if the stuff is to become accepted by a still sceptical independent software vendor community .

If it can be accepted , as empiricists do , that the process of empirical verification involves a separate and distinct process of consciousness than that of generating the ideal categories in the first place , then there is a basis for distinguishing between ideology and another form of knowledge , ‘ science ’ .
if it can be accepted , as empiricists do , that the process of empirical [check] involves a separate and distinct process of consciousness than that of generating the ideal categories in the first place , then there is a basis for distinguishing between ideology and another form of knowledge , ‘ science ’ .

This means that the application of empirical verification has a different effect in these different types of relations .
this means that the application of empirical [check] has a different effect in these different types of relations .

The various levels of verification of links makes the construction of large hyper-bases a very much easier and rigorous process through a multi-stage commit process .
the various levels of [check] of links makes the construction of large hyper-bases a very much easier and rigorous process through a multi-stage commit process .

When no verification came , they would send someone round .
when no [check] came , they would send someone round .

In the absence of any verification , interim profits will not be included in the capital base .
in the absence of any [check] , interim profits will not be included in the capital base .

The 100 Group 's submission expresses concern that ‘ the proposed requirements are very extensive … and are likely to prove onerous , not only in preparation , but in the degree of care and verification that will be necessary .
the 100 group 's submission expresses concern that ‘ the proposed requirements are very extensive … and are likely to prove onerous , not only in preparation , but in the degree of care and [check] that will be necessary .

Verification — if an applicant has successfully completed all the previous stages , now is the time to verify all the information .
[check] — if an applicant has successfully completed all the previous stages , now is the time to verify all the information .

How true the tale of this lemming population might be is beyond verification ; certainly a great deal of the monastic retelling of it could be put down to the strong regional bias of Northumbrian biographers against the strange races of the deep south .
how true the tale of this lemming population might be is beyond [check] ; certainly a great deal of the monastic retelling of it could be put down to the strong regional bias of northumbrian biographers against the strange races of the deep south .

How was that to be interpreted , except as a verification of what Gentle 's senses had glimpsed in New York ?
how was that to be interpreted , except as a [check] of what gentle 's senses had glimpsed in new york ?

The other is verification .
the other is [check] .

Arms cuts , improved verification and clever scaling techniques ( for guessing what a bigger bang would do ) mean that this limit could easily be dropped to 20 kilotons .
arms cuts , improved [check] and clever scaling techniques ( for guessing what a bigger bang would do ) mean that this limit could easily be dropped to 20 kilotons .

The evidence for these systems is generally personal and tends to reinforce our view that it is attitude of the teacher or parent which determines adherence to a given system rather than any objective verification .
the evidence for these systems is generally personal and tends to reinforce our view that it is attitude of the teacher or parent which determines adherence to a given system rather than any objective [check] .

6.3 shall keep complete and accurate records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and verification of the royalties payable to under this Agreement , and shall permit any authorized agent of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .
6.3 shall keep complete and accurate records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and [check] of the royalties payable to under this agreement , and shall permit any authorized agent of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .

Weismann 's germ plasm theory , that inheritance of characteristics was genetically determined , Galton 's stirp theory and work on hereditary genius , and the biometric work on population statistics , appeared to give empirical verification to the societal implications of Darwin 's theories .
weismann 's germ plasm theory , that inheritance of characteristics was genetically determined , galton 's stirp theory and work on hereditary genius , and the biometric work on population statistics , appeared to give empirical [check] to the societal implications of darwin 's theories .

Having divined the source of his miseries , the bewitched victim reports to the chief 's court , where he submits his accusation for verification by the chief 's own oracle .
having divined the source of his miseries , the bewitched victim reports to the chief 's court , where he submits his accusation for [check] by the chief 's own oracle .

Companies that produce enough products to need in-house testing facilities can join a Verification Membership class which gives access to all of X/Open 's existing and emerging test soft ware .
companies that produce enough products to need in-house testing facilities can join a [check] membership class which gives access to all of x/open 's existing and emerging test soft ware .

Once notified , the holder is placed under a duty to nominate a consignee and to give delivery instructions to the carrier with verification by private key .
once notified , the holder is placed under a duty to nominate a consignee and to give delivery instructions to the carrier with [check] by private key .

If , on the other hand , the private key process of verification of authenticity involves a manual or visual type of verification , and can be read by anyone , how does this procedure provide the minimum security required by the lawful holder ?
if , on the other hand , the private key process of [check] of authenticity involves a manual or visual type of [check] , and can be read by anyone , how does this procedure provide the minimum security required by the lawful holder ?

These may be `` laid in `` by the designer himself , and evoked during the initial concept stage or during the component verification or inspection stage .
these may be `` laid in `` by the designer himself , and evoked during the initial concept stage or during the component [check] or inspection stage .

Throughout the activity , requests for verification and information on the various aspects of the design may be routed out into the network .
throughout the activity , requests for [check] and information on the various aspects of the design may be routed out into the network .

In the absence of post-mortem verification of the site and size of the cerebral lesion it is difficult , on purely clinical and radiological grounds , to be certain that the two groups are evenly matched in extent or severity of damage .
in the absence of post-mortem [check] of the site and size of the cerebral lesion it is difficult , on purely clinical and radiological grounds , to be certain that the two groups are evenly matched in extent or severity of damage .

They also hamper the search for factual reality in sciences , where they have been tackled by a powerful culture of verification .
they also hamper the search for factual reality in sciences , where they have been tackled by a powerful culture of [check] .

The way forward is , therefore , to introduce into police practices verification procedures aimed at similarly averting cognitive pitfalls .
the way forward is , therefore , to introduce into police practices [check] procedures aimed at similarly averting cognitive pitfalls .

One possible model of verification involves re-investigation of problematic cases by an independent police team .
one possible model of [check] involves re-investigation of problematic cases by an independent police team .

In science these distorting factors have been tackled by a powerful culture of verification , which provides both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .
in science these distorting factors have been tackled by a powerful culture of [check] , which provides both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .

They employ no advanced verification procedures in criminal investigations .
they employ no advanced [check] procedures in criminal investigations .

Lastly , the introduction of verification procedures into police practices is examined .
lastly , the introduction of [check] procedures into police practices is examined .

Rather , it consists of a culture whereby discoveries are submitted to peer discussion and to verification or falsification by others working in the same field .
rather , it consists of a culture whereby discoveries are submitted to peer discussion and to [check] or falsification by others working in the same field .

Since no new discovery is acceptable without verification , all serious scientific results are backed by full documentation .
since no new discovery is acceptable without [check] , all serious scientific results are backed by full documentation .

Thus the scientific model of verification has an inbuilt mechanism for the evolution and promotion of generally accepted standards .
thus the scientific model of [check] has an inbuilt mechanism for the evolution and promotion of generally accepted standards .

There are incentives to engage in verification tests because a scientist obtains credit not only from establishing the truth of a new hypothesis but also from discrediting an existing one ; the latter , as much as the former , contributes to truth .
there are incentives to engage in [check] tests because a scientist obtains credit not only from establishing the truth of a new hypothesis but also from discrediting an existing one ; the latter , as much as the former , contributes to truth .

This system of verification is not foolproof .
this system of [check] is not foolproof .

One reason may lie in the belief that our criminal procedure provides ample mechanisms for verification through prosecutorial review , committal proceedings , the trial , and by virtue of legal norms governing the conduct of investigations .
one reason may lie in the belief that our criminal procedure provides ample mechanisms for [check] through prosecutorial review , committal proceedings , the trial , and by virtue of legal norms governing the conduct of investigations .

There are important differences between a review by the prosecution and review by a process of police investigation analogous to scientific verification .
there are important differences between a review by the prosecution and review by a process of police investigation analogous to scientific [check] .

Prosecutorial review therefore provides no robust verification .
prosecutorial review therefore provides no robust [check] .

More fundamentally , even if we could invent a new investigative body , it too would have to be trained to produce reliable results , and for it too we would have to invent some sort of internal verification mechanism .
more fundamentally , even if we could invent a new investigative body , it too would have to be trained to produce reliable results , and for it too we would have to invent some sort of internal [check] mechanism .

It may be interposed here that it is not the past event , the crime , which needs replication for the purpose of verification , but the investigation .
it may be interposed here that it is not the past event , the crime , which needs replication for the purpose of [check] , but the investigation .

Instead , we are concerned with the review aspect of the verification .
instead , we are concerned with the review aspect of the [check] .

This is not to say that re-investigation of this kind guarantees verification .
this is not to say that re-investigation of this kind guarantees [check] .

Naturally , the standards and norms likely to be developed by the police in employing a verification procedure are not going to be pure and objective scientific generalisations .
naturally , the standards and norms likely to be developed by the police in employing a [check] procedure are not going to be pure and objective scientific generalisations .

The strategy advocated here may not be the only means for achieving systematic internal verification .
the strategy advocated here may not be the only means for achieving systematic internal [check] .

But the strategy we choose must provide good quality control , because only an investigator who knows that his results are subject to verification or falsification will aim to satisfy the highest standards that he thinks will be employed in testing his conclusions .
but the strategy we choose must provide good quality control , because only an investigator who knows that his results are subject to [check] or falsification will aim to satisfy the highest standards that he thinks will be employed in testing his conclusions .

Good science involves collegiality and consensus and the long and arduous process of replication and verification .
good science involves collegiality and consensus and the long and arduous process of replication and [check] .

The process of verification of data , theoretically , could go on for , always requiring new acts of identification .
the process of [check] of data , theoretically , could go on for , always requiring new acts of identification .

Taxation is a formal process of verification of the fairness and reasonableness of the charges .
taxation is a formal process of [check] of the fairness and reasonableness of the charges .

He links it to verificationism ( the ‘ verification principle ’ ) , an earlier form of anti-realism .
he links it to verificationism ( the ‘ [check] principle ’ ) , an earlier form of anti-realism .

Foundationalism , viewed quite generally ( though here we must exclude Wittgenstein ) , can be seen as the expression of the empiricist thought that verification and justification , telling whether something is true and backing up one 's claims about what is true , must rely eventually upon the evidence of one 's senses ; not in the first instance , maybe , but at the end of the day .
foundationalism , viewed quite generally ( though here we must exclude wittgenstein ) , can be seen as the expression of the empiricist thought that [check] and justification , telling whether something is true and backing up one 's claims about what is true , must rely eventually upon the evidence of one 's senses ; not in the first instance , maybe , but at the end of the day .

The crucial point now is that the evidence of one 's senses is not just what we appeal to in justification and verification .
the crucial point now is that the evidence of one 's senses is not just what we appeal to in justification and [check] .

Led by the thought that the evidence of our senses is basic both in epistemology and in the theory of meaning , positivists such as Ayer proposed as a theory of meaning what they called the verification principle of empirical significance ( see Ayer , 1946 , and Schlick , 1936 ) :
led by the thought that the evidence of our senses is basic both in epistemology and in the theory of meaning , positivists such as ayer proposed as a theory of meaning what they called the [check] principle of empirical significance ( see ayer , 1946 , and schlick , 1936 ) :

What is not in dispute is the distinction between strong and weak verification and its relevance to the theory of meaning .
what is not in dispute is the distinction between strong and weak [check] and its relevance to the theory of meaning .

Quine 's version of logical empiricism would support a version of foundationalism not vulnerable to the arguments of chapter 5 , since for him the observation statements basic to justification , verification and language-learning do not concern the nature of one 's own sensory states .
quine 's version of logical empiricism would support a version of foundationalism not vulnerable to the arguments of chapter 5 , since for him the observation statements basic to justification , [check] and language-learning do not concern the nature of one 's own sensory states .

We have to give an account of this which is consistent with the verification principle .
we have to give an account of this which is consistent with the [check] principle .

If we could precisely specify and conclusively verify every member of the set of observation statements which together make up the meaning of a non-observation statement , that non-observation statement would , in accordance with the verification principle , have its own determinate meaning and in certain circumstances be determinately true or determinately false .
if we could precisely specify and conclusively verify every member of the set of observation statements which together make up the meaning of a non-observation statement , that non-observation statement would , in accordance with the [check] principle , have its own determinate meaning and in certain circumstances be determinately true or determinately false .

But it leaves us admitting that if we ever want to say that such a statement is determinately true , we must admit that there are facts in virtue of which it is true but which lie beyond the possibility of verification .
but it leaves us admitting that if we ever want to say that such a statement is determinately true , we must admit that there are facts in virtue of which it is true but which lie beyond the possibility of [check] .

For Quine there are data and there is theory , and whatever desirable internal characteristics the theory may have , its justification is achieved , if at all , in the way our verificationalist semantics taught us that it should be ; that is , by appeal to the difference that the truth of the theory should make to possible experience and by direct ( strong ) verification of whether experience does in fact go the way the theory says it should .
for quine there are data and there is theory , and whatever desirable internal characteristics the theory may have , its justification is achieved , if at all , in the way our verificationalist semantics taught us that it should be ; that is , by appeal to the difference that the truth of the theory should make to possible experience and by direct ( strong ) [check] of whether experience does in fact go the way the theory says it should .

The rejoinder concluded with the verification ; that is the normal way of ending a pleading alleging new facts by way of confession and avoidance .
the rejoinder concluded with the [check] ; that is the normal way of ending a pleading alleging new facts by way of confession and avoidance .

9 Verification of the petition ( r 6.12 )
9 [check] of the petition ( r 6.12 )

If the petition relates to debts due to different creditors , then the debt to each creditor must be the subject of separate verification .
if the petition relates to debts due to different creditors , then the debt to each creditor must be the subject of separate [check] .

After Strichen , Banff , where verification of their visit takes little time ; a plaque on a wall reads : ‘ Site of the Black Bull Inn visited by Johnson and Boswell , 1773 ’ .
after strichen , banff , where [check] of their visit takes little time ; a plaque on a wall reads : ‘ site of the black bull inn visited by johnson and boswell , 1773 ’ .

Whether a subscriber requires the simple verification of a customer 's registered name provided by our Corporate and Business Index or a detailed financial analysis of a company balance sheet , we can provide the appropriate level of detail ’ , stated Mr McKiernan .
whether a subscriber requires the simple [check] of a customer 's registered name provided by our corporate and business index or a detailed financial analysis of a company balance sheet , we can provide the appropriate level of detail ’ , stated mr mckiernan .

By mid-century , many scientific and professional groups had grasped the value of the new medium as an aid to empirical verification .
by mid-century , many scientific and professional groups had grasped the value of the new medium as an aid to empirical [check] .

The first , ‘ Verifiability ’ ( 1945 ) , suggested modifications of the principle of verification to accommodate the essential indeterminacy of symbolism ( ‘ open texture ’ ) .
the first , ‘ verifiability ’ ( 1945 ) , suggested modifications of the principle of [check] to accommodate the essential indeterminacy of symbolism ( ‘ open texture ’ ) .

( Slobin used a verification task in which subjects had to decide whether a sentence is a true description of a subsequently presented picture , and Herriot asked subjects to name the actor and acted-upon . )
( slobin used a [check] task in which subjects had to decide whether a sentence is a true description of a subsequently presented picture , and herriot asked subjects to name the actor and acted-upon . )

In an important speech on disarmament in February 1987 Gorbachev asserted that while it remained best ‘ to revive the old idea of dismantling foreign bases and bringing the troops home ’ in the short term it would be desirable to have inspection access to American military bases on foreign territories for verification purposes ‘ to be sure that there is no activity going on there which is forbidden under an eventual agreement ’ .
in an important speech on disarmament in february 1987 gorbachev asserted that while it remained best ‘ to revive the old idea of dismantling foreign bases and bringing the troops home ’ in the short term it would be desirable to have inspection access to american military bases on foreign territories for [check] purposes ‘ to be sure that there is no activity going on there which is forbidden under an eventual agreement ’ .

Such pre-conditions might include the verification of financial or other information relating to the target , or merger control authorities taking a certain course of action , or the target complying with its obligations under Rule 20.2 ( equality of information to a bona fide competing potential offeror ) .
such pre-conditions might include the [check] of financial or other information relating to the target , or merger control authorities taking a certain course of action , or the target complying with its obligations under rule 20.2 ( equality of information to a bona fide competing potential offeror ) .

The purpose of an experiment in fluid mechanics may range from direct verification of a theory ( as in Figs .
the purpose of an experiment in fluid mechanics may range from direct [check] of a theory ( as in figs .

The development of simulations and emulations is technically promising but the necessary skills-levels are high and the financial implications of programming , development , and verification , are substantial .
the development of simulations and emulations is technically promising but the necessary skills-levels are high and the financial implications of programming , development , and [check] , are substantial .

However there was a problem which the cost-push explanation of inflation found impossible to surmount , namely , that it does not readily lend itself to rigorous empirical verification .
however there was a problem which the cost-push explanation of inflation found impossible to surmount , namely , that it does not readily lend itself to rigorous empirical [check] .

To ensure unambiguity and completeness design methods should include formal languages which facilitate verification .
to ensure unambiguity and completeness design methods should include formal languages which facilitate [check] .

Hopeside Hotel Awaiting verification .
hopeside hotel awaiting [check] .

This necessitates transcending the simple `` imitative `` pedagogy of the school , since democratic individuals require the kind of `` twofold consciousness `` which renders them `` capable of thinking their own thoughts `` and `` feeling their own feelings `` , In order to achieve this , students require two qualities : `` self-identification `` and `` verification `` .
this necessitates transcending the simple `` imitative `` pedagogy of the school , since democratic individuals require the kind of `` twofold consciousness `` which renders them `` capable of thinking their own thoughts `` and `` feeling their own feelings `` , in order to achieve this , students require two qualities : `` self-identification `` and `` [check] `` .

: systems developed for legal or commercial applications could include automatic signature verification as a useful part of their functionality ;
: systems developed for legal or commercial applications could include automatic signature [check] as a useful part of their functionality ;

The technique of cookery is contained in cookery books and the technique of discovery in natural science may be found in the rules of research , observation and verification .
the technique of cookery is contained in cookery books and the technique of discovery in natural science may be found in the rules of research , observation and [check] .

‘ verification ’ ?
‘ [check] ’ ?

Details of the methods of ascertainment of cases and verification of diagnostic and other information have been published elsewhere .
details of the methods of ascertainment of cases and [check] of diagnostic and other information have been published elsewhere .

However , let us note that the verification of 1.4.5 in as many as 20 million cases by no mens establishes the truth of the theorem for all possible cases ( cf .
however , let us note that the [check] of 1.4.5 in as many as 20 million cases by no mens establishes the truth of the theorem for all possible cases ( cf .

Much more important is the verification that o ( in 1.7.2(v) ) is associative .
much more important is the [check] that o ( in 1.7.2(v) ) is associative .

As the proposal document took shape it was taken back to faculties in draft form for verification .
as the proposal document took shape it was taken back to faculties in draft form for [check] .

Inevitably , however , through selective perceptions of action and reaction , the two sets of hypotheses will often receive verification and confirmation .
inevitably , however , through selective perceptions of action and reaction , the two sets of hypotheses will often receive [check] and confirmation .

Clinical observation is extremely productive of theories and hypotheses , but not of verification of hypotheses .
clinical observation is extremely productive of theories and hypotheses , but not of [check] of hypotheses .

Most sociologists would wish to maintain that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous criteria of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for verification of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does distinguish it from religious or mystical thinking .
most sociologists would wish to maintain that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous criteria of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for [check] of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does distinguish it from religious or mystical thinking .

On such a philosophical basis there is no room for a ‘ scientific ’ sociology , as distinct from a revealed social theology , unless it is one based on strict scientific verification .
on such a philosophical basis there is no room for a ‘ scientific ’ sociology , as distinct from a revealed social theology , unless it is one based on strict scientific [check] .

Thus we call a belief an illusion when a wish-fulfilment is a prominent factor in its motivation , and in doing so we disregard its relation to reality , just as the illusion itself sets no store by verification .
thus we call a belief an illusion when a wish-fulfilment is a prominent factor in its motivation , and in doing so we disregard its relation to reality , just as the illusion itself sets no store by [check] .

There are two distinct levels of verification .
there are two distinct levels of [check] .

Having looked at assessment and verification and the people involved it is appropriate to consider whether or not a process of approval ( sometimes called ‘ validation ’ ) should be developed and applied to organisations wishing to offer particular types of provision .
having looked at assessment and [check] and the people involved it is appropriate to consider whether or not a process of approval ( sometimes called ‘ validation ’ ) should be developed and applied to organisations wishing to offer particular types of provision .

These elements , validation , approval and verification , will be applied at key stages in the operation of an award .
these elements , validation , approval and [check] , will be applied at key stages in the operation of an award .

There will be two levels of verification .
there will be two levels of [check] .

Internal Verification +
internal [check] +

External Verification
external [check]

The system of external verification will ensure that :
the system of external [check] will ensure that :

centres ' internal verification systems are operating effectively and procedures have been followed .
centres ' internal [check] systems are operating effectively and procedures have been followed .

This level of verification will normally be carried out by an individual who is not an employee of the centre .
this level of [check] will normally be carried out by an individual who is not an employee of the centre .

analyse , where available , reports of external verification of awards offered by the centre ;
analyse , where available , reports of external [check] of awards offered by the centre ;

External Verification
external [check]

external verification
external [check]

External verification : the harmonised approach
external [check] : the harmonised approach

We hope that the new external verification procedures incorporate the best features of the old systems and , in addition , offer a harmonised approach which centres will find helpful .
we hope that the new external [check] procedures incorporate the best features of the old systems and , in addition , offer a harmonised approach which centres will find helpful .

The strength of the previous external verification arrangements lay in the expertise and the flexibility of the three teams of external verifiers .
the strength of the previous external [check] arrangements lay in the expertise and the flexibility of the three teams of external verifiers .

Together , external verifiers and systems verifiers can ensure that a flexible and centre-focused quality assurance service is available to centres while verification of national standards is maintained .
together , external verifiers and systems verifiers can ensure that a flexible and centre-focused quality assurance service is available to centres while [check] of national standards is maintained .

The six systems verifiers , who were appointed in August 1992 are carrying out their approval and verification duties in centres .
the six systems verifiers , who were appointed in august 1992 are carrying out their approval and [check] duties in centres .

When planning internal verification , centres must bear in mind that staff carrying out the role must have the experience and background to enable them to be effective .
when planning internal [check] , centres must bear in mind that staff carrying out the role must have the experience and background to enable them to be effective .

One important aspect of this criterion , and its amplifying note , is that staff carrying out internal verification must be experienced in the award 's occupational or subject area — experience or qualifications in the generic area of assessment is not enough .
one important aspect of this criterion , and its amplifying note , is that staff carrying out internal [check] must be experienced in the award 's occupational or subject area — experience or qualifications in the generic area of assessment is not enough .

Since the arrival of the National standards for assessment and verification , it has been our intention to find ways of achieving certificates for our team of external verifiers .
since the arrival of the national standards for assessment and [check] , it has been our intention to find ways of achieving certificates for our team of external verifiers .

All of the external verifiers selected to participate in the pilot have been through our induction training and have considerable experience in external verification .
all of the external verifiers selected to participate in the pilot have been through our induction training and have considerable experience in external [check] .

In the event of a suspicious account , a photocopy may need to be sent to the ‘ hospital ’ or ‘ clinic ’ for verification and the Claimant should be instructed to contact the ‘ clinic ’ to verify the account and confirm to us immediately .
in the event of a suspicious account , a photocopy may need to be sent to the ‘ hospital ’ or ‘ clinic ’ for [check] and the claimant should be instructed to contact the ‘ clinic ’ to verify the account and confirm to us immediately .

After that , the manager went through the procedure adopted : a telephone call to the reference number cited ; verification of credit card ; verification of driving licence ; verification of home address ( the last three usually completed within ten minutes or so on the International Information Computer ) ; preparation , presentation , and signing of the contract ( including appropriate insurance clauses ) ; then , paperwork now completed , the car brought round to the outer forecourt , with an assistant to give the client a quick run-over of the controls , and to hand over the keys .
after that , the manager went through the procedure adopted : a telephone call to the reference number cited ; [check] of credit card ; [check] of driving licence ; [check] of home address ( the last three usually completed within ten minutes or so on the international information computer ) ; preparation , presentation , and signing of the contract ( including appropriate insurance clauses ) ; then , paperwork now completed , the car brought round to the outer forecourt , with an assistant to give the client a quick run-over of the controls , and to hand over the keys .

The verification minimum and maximum periods .
the [check] minimum and maximum periods .

In order to maintain the integrity of the offlined files , each file is verified at a rate determined for a particular installation . Obviously , a very high verification rate ( for example , every week ) is likely to result in :
in order to maintain the integrity of the offlined files , each file is verified at a rate determined for a particular installation . obviously , a very high [check] rate ( for example , every week ) is likely to result in :

Conversely , a low verification rate ( for example , every two years ) will result in :
conversely , a low [check] rate ( for example , every two years ) will result in :

If any discrepancy reports are received it will usually mean that insufficient time or resources have been allocated for the offline system to carry out its verification cycle successfully ( or those resources are not appropriate to the maximum latency time ) .
if any discrepancy reports are received it will usually mean that insufficient time or resources have been allocated for the offline system to carry out its [check] cycle successfully ( or those resources are not appropriate to the maximum latency time ) .

The minimum and maximum periods for verification can only be determined for a particular installation .
the minimum and maximum periods for [check] can only be determined for a particular installation .

Furthermore , regular verification of offlined modules takes place to ensure continued long-term integrity .
furthermore , regular [check] of offlined modules takes place to ensure continued long-term integrity .

Volumes can not be accepted for verification ( described later ) in this situation , but may be rejected in order to regain space .
volumes can not be accepted for [check] ( described later ) in this situation , but may be rejected in order to regain space .

As a result , the password must be entered again in the Verification field .
as a result , the password must be entered again in the [check] field .

As a result , the password must be entered again in the Verification field .
as a result , the password must be entered again in the [check] field .

It involves any process appropriate to the media item from storing and restoring through to verification .
it involves any process appropriate to the media item from storing and restoring through to [check] .

Verification latency min / max ( Optional Input/Display Field )
[check] latency min / max ( optional input/display field )

Inspect the mail message using index 6.0.0 — Mail System and ensure that no offline media verification is required .
inspect the mail message using index 6.0.0 — mail system and ensure that no offline media [check] is required .

If it is , an offline run should be initiated for verification of those items identified .
if it is , an offline run should be initiated for [check] of those items identified .

Password verification unsuccessful
password [check] unsuccessful

The verification of the password you have specified has been unsuccessful .
the [check] of the password you have specified has been unsuccessful .

Stage 3 : Offline Verification — During the verification stage , Offline reads modules from the offline media items and performs a Cyclic Redundancy Check to ensure that the offline copies have not suffered any loss of integrity .
stage 3 : offline [check] — during the [check] stage , offline reads modules from the offline media items and performs a cyclic redundancy check to ensure that the offline copies have not suffered any loss of integrity .

Offline requests are initiated by the Offline Manager , who decides when offline should start running , the duration of the run , and the type of operation to be performed : a Primary copy , a Secondary copy , a Restore , a Verification , or any combination of these provided sufficient units are available .
offline requests are initiated by the offline manager , who decides when offline should start running , the duration of the run , and the type of operation to be performed : a primary copy , a secondary copy , a restore , a [check] , or any combination of these provided sufficient units are available .

Option 9.2.0 allows the user to specify the ‘ Verification latency ’ — the time range , since the last verification , within which all offlined material will be verified .
option 9.2.0 allows the user to specify the ‘ [check] latency ’ — the time range , since the last [check] , within which all offlined material will be verified .

Protocols to the US-Soviet 1974 Threshold Test Ban Treaty [ see pp. 26614-15 ] and the 1976 Peaceful Nuclear Explosions Treaty [ see pp. 27813-14 ] dealt with verification issues regarding permissible nuclear tests .
protocols to the us-soviet 1974 threshold test ban treaty [ see pp. 26614-15 ] and the 1976 peaceful nuclear explosions treaty [ see pp. 27813-14 ] dealt with [check] issues regarding permissible nuclear tests .

The introduction of rigorous verification procedures was also needed , he said .
the introduction of rigorous [check] procedures was also needed , he said .

Oct. 24-26 Thailand and China demand Vietnam acceptance by Vietnam of international verification of its military withdrawal from Cambodia
oct. 24-26 thailand and china demand vietnam acceptance by vietnam of international [check] of its military withdrawal from cambodia

0906.4 Verification
0906.4 [check]

As part of their engagement the lawyers will prepare detailed verification notes to support and provide evidence for the information and statements made in public documents .
as part of their engagement the lawyers will prepare detailed [check] notes to support and provide evidence for the information and statements made in public documents .

As part of the co-ordination role , the engagement team should consider if suggested drafting amendments to documents will cause subsequent verification difficulties .
as part of the co-ordination role , the engagement team should consider if suggested drafting amendments to documents will cause subsequent [check] difficulties .

Ensure that a full verification exercise is undertaken by the lawyers which also evidences the responsibilities above ; and
ensure that a full [check] exercise is undertaken by the lawyers which also evidences the responsibilities above ; and

that the directors take primary responsibility for the information contained in all public documentation and that this information will be subject to verification .
that the directors take primary responsibility for the information contained in all public documentation and that this information will be subject to [check] .

We shall carry out such verification work as we believe appropriate in the context of the terms of engagement agreed as set out above .
we shall carry out such [check] work as we believe appropriate in the context of the terms of engagement agreed as set out above .

In addition , certain other validation checks could be made on-line , namely the validation of a week ending date and staff number ( check -digit verification ) .
in addition , certain other validation checks could be made on-line , namely the validation of a week ending date and staff number ( check -digit [check] ) .

greater confidence — through better verification of system design for start-up/shutdown and other flow transients ;
greater confidence — through better [check] of system design for start-up/shutdown and other flow transients ;

Decision tables are less graphical but are concise and have an in-built verification mechanism so that it is possible to check that all the conditions have been catered for .
decision tables are less graphical but are concise and have an in-built [check] mechanism so that it is possible to check that all the conditions have been catered for .

Writing is a motor skill which ensures that the same words written by different people are distinct — allowing signatures to be used as verification of identity .
writing is a motor skill which ensures that the same words written by different people are distinct — allowing signatures to be used as [check] of identity .

Will he press that where commitments are made to open markets for textile products , a proper verification procedure must be established ?
will he press that where commitments are made to open markets for textile products , a proper [check] procedure must be established ?

Does the right hon. Gentleman remember that five months before the Gulf war , the Government told me that they had full confidence that Saddam Hussein was not developing nuclear weapons ? If they are being fooled now by many other countries , is it not right that we must seek a strong , new , international non-proliferation treaty containing vigorous verification provisions backed by United Nations sanctions ? Would not the best way to ensure that such a treaty would be accepted worldwide be for us to allow international inspection and verification of the numbers of our warheads ?
does the right hon. gentleman remember that five months before the gulf war , the government told me that they had full confidence that saddam hussein was not developing nuclear weapons ? if they are being fooled now by many other countries , is it not right that we must seek a strong , new , international non-proliferation treaty containing vigorous [check] provisions backed by united nations sanctions ? would not the best way to ensure that such a treaty would be accepted worldwide be for us to allow international inspection and [check] of the numbers of our warheads ?

In some countries , the prospect of inspection , verification and access is not as great .
in some countries , the prospect of inspection , [check] and access is not as great .

However , both types of ‘ Internal Market ’ would generate a considerable amount of activity in billing , payment and verification which , even in the computer age , would require vastly increased numbers of administrative and clerical staff .
however , both types of ‘ internal market ’ would generate a considerable amount of activity in billing , payment and [check] which , even in the computer age , would require vastly increased numbers of administrative and clerical staff .

An alternative verification ( which will have its counterpart in our analysis of the data generated by our experiment ) is as follows .
an alternative [check] ( which will have its counterpart in our analysis of the data generated by our experiment ) is as follows .

To undertake the inspection of trading premises and the testing , verification , examination and sampling of equipment , goods , services , facilities and selling claims for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the legislation enforced .
to undertake the inspection of trading premises and the testing , [check] , examination and sampling of equipment , goods , services , facilities and selling claims for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the legislation enforced .

If a thesis is published , there will in very many cases therefore be an accompanying geological map of an area , which can be used by others for verification , and as a basis for future research .
if a thesis is published , there will in very many cases therefore be an accompanying geological map of an area , which can be used by others for [check] , and as a basis for future research .

Equivalent sums would be credited to the enterprises ' bank accounts , subject to verification that the money had been earned legally .
equivalent sums would be credited to the enterprises ' bank accounts , subject to [check] that the money had been earned legally .

Although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .
although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and [check] , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .

The treaties also contained provisions relating to verification methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to maintain intrusive , on-sight monitoring equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .
the treaties also contained provisions relating to [check] methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to maintain intrusive , on-sight monitoring equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .

— accepting that arsenal limits imposed did not apply to sea-launched cruise missiles ( SLCMs ) because of the difficulty of verification ;
— accepting that arsenal limits imposed did not apply to sea-launched cruise missiles ( slcms ) because of the difficulty of [check] ;

The Assets Verification Committee , set up in the aftermath of the February coup to examine allegations of high-level corruption , on Nov. 26 ordered the seizure of the assets of former Prime Minister Gen. Chatichai Choonhaven and his close aide Pitak Intrawitanunt .
the assets [check] committee , set up in the aftermath of the february coup to examine allegations of high-level corruption , on nov. 26 ordered the seizure of the assets of former prime minister gen. chatichai choonhaven and his close aide pitak intrawitanunt .

Talks were also held on co-operation over judicial disputes and verification of documents .
talks were also held on co-operation over judicial disputes and [check] of documents .

Of the 48 Cabinet members , 11 had been investigated for corruption by a military-appointed Asset Verification Committee and three had been found guilty .
of the 48 cabinet members , 11 had been investigated for corruption by a military-appointed asset [check] committee and three had been found guilty .

To help both centres and the external verifiers themselves , the verifiers will make initial visits to centres to discuss general SVQs before undertaking a formal verification visit .
to help both centres and the external verifiers themselves , the verifiers will make initial visits to centres to discuss general svqs before undertaking a formal [check] visit .

Many catalogue users will by now have had experience of word-processing systems with instant spelling verification .
many catalogue users will by now have had experience of word-processing systems with instant spelling [check] .

The incidence in the 1960s , however , might have been underestimated as endoscopic biopsy was not available and this study required histological verification rather than a radiological diagnosis .
the incidence in the 1960s , however , might have been underestimated as endoscopic biopsy was not available and this study required histological [check] rather than a radiological diagnosis .

It was appreciated , even at this early stage in the post-Sputnik era , that nuclear disarmament had to be accompanied by reduction in conventional forces as well , and an effective system of verification had to be devised .
it was appreciated , even at this early stage in the post-sputnik era , that nuclear disarmament had to be accompanied by reduction in conventional forces as well , and an effective system of [check] had to be devised .

To be confident that the technology of evasion was not outstripping the technology of verification , better radiation monitoring and satellite inspection would be needed .
to be confident that the technology of evasion was not outstripping the technology of [check] , better radiation monitoring and satellite inspection would be needed .

We will encourage the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe to develop monitoring , verification and mediation duties within the continent .
we will encourage the conference on security and cooperation in europe to develop monitoring , [check] and mediation duties within the continent .

After all , the theist is seeking to conform with the verification principle and is listing observations which count for or against God 's existence .
after all , the theist is seeking to conform with the [check] principle and is listing observations which count for or against god 's existence .

If Ayer then tells the theist that he or she is still unable to make meaningful theological statements , then it can not surely be on the basis of the verification principle , the principle by which he claims to distinguish meaningful from meaningless statements .
if ayer then tells the theist that he or she is still unable to make meaningful theological statements , then it can not surely be on the basis of the [check] principle , the principle by which he claims to distinguish meaningful from meaningless statements .

But can the verification principle give him the right to do this , when those who take a different view from him feel entitled to claim that they are abiding by that principle ?
but can the [check] principle give him the right to do this , when those who take a different view from him feel entitled to claim that they are abiding by that principle ?

The verification process is going on , but we can not say whether it 's going to be completed by any particular time .
the [check] process is going on , but we can not say whether it 's going to be completed by any particular time .

Mr Bush accepted the Pentagon proposal even though he told the United Nations that he believed ‘ we can achieve the level of verification that gives us confidence to go forward with this ban ’ .
mr bush accepted the pentagon proposal even though he told the united nations that he believed ‘ we can achieve the level of [check] that gives us confidence to go forward with this ban ’ .

The assumptions about the state and the world economic system which section 3 above discussed , must lie outside and beyond an effort to prove by means of empirical verification .
the assumptions about the state and the world economic system which section 3 above discussed , must lie outside and beyond an effort to prove by means of empirical [check] .

In these novels , ‘ history ’ no longer ( as in the past ) provides illusory certainties nor is a gallery of misleading models ; but neither is it a moment of critical verification or problematical comparison .
in these novels , ‘ history ’ no longer ( as in the past ) provides illusory certainties nor is a gallery of misleading models ; but neither is it a moment of critical [check] or problematical comparison .

Lacan 's work is not subject to empirical verification , and indeed is not meant to be .
lacan 's work is not subject to empirical [check] , and indeed is not meant to be .

Lacan offers us a new conception both of science and of truth , and asks us to abandon many of the procedures for verification or falsification on which the credibility of scientific enquiry traditionally rests .
lacan offers us a new conception both of science and of truth , and asks us to abandon many of the procedures for [check] or falsification on which the credibility of scientific enquiry traditionally rests .

The government 's own Center for Disease Control discovered serious reporting errors when quality verification samples were posted to a number of laboratories as an experiment .
the government 's own center for disease control discovered serious reporting errors when quality [check] samples were posted to a number of laboratories as an experiment .

Mr Baker also proposed establishing a permanent Nato arms control verification staff to monitor compliance with arms reduction and confidence building measures .
mr baker also proposed establishing a permanent nato arms control [check] staff to monitor compliance with arms reduction and confidence building measures .

The Gulf War has demonstrated that the negotiation of mutual non-provocative defence strategies ( including adequate verification ) would be in tune with technological possibilities .
the gulf war has demonstrated that the negotiation of mutual non-provocative defence strategies ( including adequate [check] ) would be in tune with technological possibilities .

After leaving the section , the completed forms are passed to the department personnel section for verification of the claimants eligibility , and then processed by the data preparation section of the Finance department onto the main computer for subsequent issue of cheques .
after leaving the section , the completed forms are passed to the department personnel section for [check] of the claimants eligibility , and then processed by the data preparation section of the finance department onto the main computer for subsequent issue of cheques .

To have involved the whole North of England in a continuing search for knowledge , with hypothesis and verification conducted in the best Popperian manner , would be a signal development in community maturity .
to have involved the whole north of england in a continuing search for knowledge , with hypothesis and [check] conducted in the best popperian manner , would be a signal development in community maturity .

An experiment that produced role mapping , but not name mapping , was conducted by Vonk ( 1985 ) , who presented ( Dutch ) sentences similar to the ones above , followed by a related sentence for verification .
an experiment that produced role mapping , but not name mapping , was conducted by vonk ( 1985 ) , who presented ( dutch ) sentences similar to the ones above , followed by a related sentence for [check] .

In this experiment congruity with bias , but not gender cue , affected reading time , though both factors affected verification time .
in this experiment congruity with bias , but not gender cue , affected reading time , though both factors affected [check] time .

The facts of Darwinism are capable of scientific verification , whereas the beliefs of religion are based on ancient writings , which , all through the centuries of civilised time have been contentious .
the facts of darwinism are capable of scientific [check] , whereas the beliefs of religion are based on ancient writings , which , all through the centuries of civilised time have been contentious .

Overseas applicants are required to provide evidence of medical fitness ; such evidence , in the form of written verification from a medical officer that the applicant is deemed fit to undertake studies at the University , must be received in advance of registration .
overseas applicants are required to provide evidence of medical fitness ; such evidence , in the form of written [check] from a medical officer that the applicant is deemed fit to undertake studies at the university , must be received in advance of registration .

It is neither complete nor authoritative — the family of Forsey , to take just one small example , being listed separately as Forterishey , Fortersley , and Fortryshey without cross reference , attempt to verify a definitive spelling , or verification of blazon — but it is almost the only generally available starting point , and can not be ignored .
it is neither complete nor authoritative — the family of forsey , to take just one small example , being listed separately as forterishey , fortersley , and fortryshey without cross reference , attempt to verify a definitive spelling , or [check] of blazon — but it is almost the only generally available starting point , and can not be ignored .

Following the dictates of the logical positivists of the Vienna Circle that only those statements capable of verification were meaningful , philosophers as famous as G. E. Moore came to wonder if ethical assertions were merely emotive utterances .
following the dictates of the logical positivists of the vienna circle that only those statements capable of [check] were meaningful , philosophers as famous as g. e. moore came to wonder if ethical assertions were merely emotive utterances .

The empirical support for brief interventions is excellent and does not need further conceptual verification .
the empirical support for brief interventions is excellent and does not need further conceptual [check] .

In the most recent version of the American College of Surgeons monograph Optimal Care of the Injured Patient , which describes standards of care for verification of trauma centers , the requirement that trauma centers be able to perform blood alcohol testing was eliminated.4 The message this sends may be interpreted in several ways : a ) there is not a sufficient relationship between alcohol and injury to justify testing for alcohol use in injured patients ; b ) issues of alcohol use among injured patients are not in the purview of the trauma team ; c ) nothing can be done to address the issue of alcohol problems among injured patients so testing does not help ; or d ) not testing protects the patient and the practitioner from various legal issues .
in the most recent version of the american college of surgeons monograph optimal care of the injured patient , which describes standards of care for [check] of trauma centers , the requirement that trauma centers be able to perform blood alcohol testing was eliminated.4 the message this sends may be interpreted in several ways : a ) there is not a sufficient relationship between alcohol and injury to justify testing for alcohol use in injured patients ; b ) issues of alcohol use among injured patients are not in the purview of the trauma team ; c ) nothing can be done to address the issue of alcohol problems among injured patients so testing does not help ; or d ) not testing protects the patient and the practitioner from various legal issues .

These matches are made through its income eligibility and verification system using the applicant 's social security number , name , date of birth , any previous disqualification record from assistance programs , and income .
these matches are made through its income eligibility and [check] system using the applicant 's social security number , name , date of birth , any previous disqualification record from assistance programs , and income .

Along with this idea is the need to explore different levels of verification or assurances by independent parties based on the users ' need for such verification or assurances .
along with this idea is the need to explore different levels of [check] or assurances by independent parties based on the users ' need for such [check] or assurances .

The administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's specifications , and thus validates a vendor 's request ( invoice ) for payment .
the administrative approval normally is based on [check] that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's specifications , and thus validates a vendor 's request ( invoice ) for payment .

To be effective , GAO recommends that electronic signatures be ( 1 ) unique to the signer , ( 2 ) under the signer 's sole control , and ( 3 ) capable of verification .
to be effective , gao recommends that electronic signatures be ( 1 ) unique to the signer , ( 2 ) under the signer 's sole control , and ( 3 ) capable of [check] .

Because of the nature of electronic data , it is sometimes difficult to ascertain whether the data have been altered or manipulated unless the signature is linked to the data in such a way that the signature verification process can detect data changes .
because of the nature of electronic data , it is sometimes difficult to ascertain whether the data have been altered or manipulated unless the signature is linked to the data in such a way that the signature [check] process can detect data changes .

With full automation , statistical sampling of invoices prior to payment to make inferences about the universe would no longer be necessary since the system would perform a 100percent verification of receipt and acceptance .
with full automation , statistical sampling of invoices prior to payment to make inferences about the universe would no longer be necessary since the system would perform a 100percent [check] of receipt and acceptance .

Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to [check] of receipt .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Acquisition of Goods and Services Verification of Receipt and Acceptance After Payment Authorization ( Fast Pay ) In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- acquisition of goods and services [check] of receipt and acceptance after payment authorization ( fast pay ) in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .

At the time of the request , their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment .
at the time of the request , their procedures required the [check] of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment .

The proposed changes would allow payment on invoices under $ 25,000 prior to verification of receipt and acceptance of the items purchased .
the proposed changes would allow payment on invoices under $ 25,000 prior to [check] of receipt and acceptance of the items purchased .

Combining Statistical Sampling With Fast Pay The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
combining statistical sampling with fast pay the agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment [check] as is traditionally done .

We reviewed the proposals involving the statistical sampling verification procedures .
we reviewed the proposals involving the statistical sampling [check] procedures .

Combining statistical sampling with fast pay procedures increases the risks that overpayments would occur and go undetected compared to a 100percent verification of receipt and acceptance .
combining statistical sampling with fast pay procedures increases the risks that overpayments would occur and go undetected compared to a 100percent [check] of receipt and acceptance .

Without a specific request to raise the limitation,15 we stated that verification of receipt and acceptance would be required for all invoices equal to or greater than $ 2,500 .
without a specific request to raise the limitation,15 we stated that [check] of receipt and acceptance would be required for all invoices equal to or greater than $ 2,500 .

When a `` match '' occurs for hotel and certain other charges , a verification of the actual trip would be made .
when a `` match '' occurs for hotel and certain other charges , a [check] of the actual trip would be made .

These services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .
these services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing [check] , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .

Nonaudit services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits described above in that auditors provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data .
nonaudit services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits described above in that auditors provide information or data to a requesting party without providing [check] , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data .

Verification is a confirmation , usually by the timekeeper or supervisor , that recorded information is true , correct , and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge .
[check] is a confirmation , usually by the timekeeper or supervisor , that recorded information is true , correct , and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge .

Attestation and Verification by Employees and Timekeepers The employee and timekeeper , if any , are not required to attest or verify T & A reports and related documents .
attestation and [check] by employees and timekeepers the employee and timekeeper , if any , are not required to attest or verify t & a reports and related documents .

When not possible until after the end of the pay period , a copy of the T & A report and related documents , when applicable , should be provided to the employee promptly for attestation and to the timekeeper promptly for verification .
when not possible until after the end of the pay period , a copy of the t & a report and related documents , when applicable , should be provided to the employee promptly for attestation and to the timekeeper promptly for [check] .

Approval of T & A reports and related documents should be based on personal observation , work output , timekeeper verification , checking data against other independent sources , reliance on other controls , or a combination of these methods .
approval of t & a reports and related documents should be based on personal observation , work output , timekeeper [check] , checking data against other independent sources , reliance on other controls , or a combination of these methods .

FIPS PUB 101-Guideline for Lifecycle Validation , Verification , and Testing of Computer Software , June 6 , 1983 .
fips pub 101-guideline for lifecycle validation , [check] , and testing of computer software , june 6 , 1983 .

FIPS PUB 132-Guideline for Software Verification and Validation Plans , Nov. 19 , 1987 .
fips pub 132-guideline for software [check] and validation plans , nov. 19 , 1987 .

Capability Validation The technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement component , or the features or functions of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .
capability validation the technical [check] of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement component , or the features or functions of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .

Verification and validation performed by anIndependent organization that is technically , managerially , andVerification and financially independent of the development Validation ( IV & V ) organization .
[check] and validation performed by anindependent organization that is technically , managerially , andverification and financially independent of the development validation ( iv & v ) organization .

However , any available documented evidence supporting this explanation must be provided simultaneously to allow for verification if it materially affects the content of the report .
however , any available documented evidence supporting this explanation must be provided simultaneously to allow for [check] if it materially affects the content of the report .

Examining consistency of evidence across different types of data sources is akin to verification .
examining consistency of evidence across different types of data sources is akin to [check] .

For the cumulative use of GAO reports , these concerns are less important , since we already use the `` audit trail '' procedures recommended in the policy and other manuals for verification of data collection and analysis quality .
for the cumulative use of gao reports , these concerns are less important , since we already use the `` audit trail '' procedures recommended in the policy and other manuals for [check] of data collection and analysis quality .

We should move toward real-time verification of passports with issuing authorities .
we should move toward real-time [check] of passports with issuing authorities .

When the goal is to identify all possible classes of biological phenomena that could arise from a given network topology , the connection to experimental verification becomes blurred .
when the goal is to identify all possible classes of biological phenomena that could arise from a given network topology , the connection to experimental [check] becomes blurred .

Some insight can be provided by clever environmental modeling approaches—such as the one developed by Cordes et al. , but ultimately the models need empirical verification .
some insight can be provided by clever environmental modeling approaches—such as the one developed by cordes et al. , but ultimately the models need empirical [check] .

The conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large FARC-controlled territory , but stalled when officials requested that an international verification committee monitor the zone .
the conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large farc-controlled territory , but stalled when officials requested that an international [check] committee monitor the zone .

The concern about digital signature verification that is delaying online voting prevents online registration as well .
the concern about digital signature [check] that is delaying online voting prevents online registration as well .

Despite regulations that punish employers who knowingly employ them , pressure from business groups like the National Federation of Independent Business and the National Restaurant Association scuttled an attempt to include computer verification of employee eligibility in the 1996 immigration bill .
despite regulations that punish employers who knowingly employ them , pressure from business groups like the national federation of independent business and the national restaurant association scuttled an attempt to include computer [check] of employee eligibility in the 1996 immigration bill .

The visuals -- a sleepy coastline that , gradually leached of color , tightens into a jaundiced , roiling froth -- offer third-party verification via superimposed newspaper clips .
the visuals -- a sleepy coastline that , gradually leached of color , tightens into a jaundiced , roiling froth -- offer third-party [check] via superimposed newspaper clips .

The figure touted here would have required third-party verification in a political-campaign spot ; it is easily accepted in a spot that takes on an industry that has long been banned from running ads on television .
the figure touted here would have required third-party [check] in a political-campaign spot ; it is easily accepted in a spot that takes on an industry that has long been banned from running ads on television .

The treaty 's verification rules would violate U.S. sovereignty , allowing foreign inspectors to swoop down on a factory `` without probable cause , without a search warrant , '' and `` interrogate employees , '' `` remove documents , '' and so on .
the treaty 's [check] rules would violate u.s. sovereignty , allowing foreign inspectors to swoop down on a factory `` without probable cause , without a search warrant , '' and `` interrogate employees , '' `` remove documents , '' and so on .

Because a ban can be easily circumvented ( chemical weapons can be produced from everyday products without elaborate facilities ) , the treaty installs a sweeping verification program , originally proposed during the Reagan administration by Vice President George Bush .
because a ban can be easily circumvented ( chemical weapons can be produced from everyday products without elaborate facilities ) , the treaty installs a sweeping [check] program , originally proposed during the reagan administration by vice president george bush .

Only representatives from the member states can sit on the committee that finalizes the treaty 's logistics , and the United Nations wo n't hire verification inspectors from nonmember countries .
only representatives from the member states can sit on the committee that finalizes the treaty 's logistics , and the united nations wo n't hire [check] inspectors from nonmember countries .

A shot of a congressional bill and a blowup quote provide symbolic third-party verification that the senator `` has a plan '' to get tough on pushers .
a shot of a congressional bill and a blowup quote provide symbolic third-party [check] that the senator `` has a plan '' to get tough on pushers .

For example , there is not only affirmation by demonstration ( ergo , hence , therefore , accordingly , but there is also documentation by postulation ( it can be assumed , we can suppose ) and also validation by synthesization ( basically , in truth , in a very real sense ) as well as verification by substitution ( that is to say , in other words , in short ) .
for example , there is not only affirmation by demonstration ( ergo , hence , therefore , accordingly , but there is also documentation by postulation ( it can be assumed , we can suppose ) and also validation by synthesization ( basically , in truth , in a very real sense ) as well as [check] by substitution ( that is to say , in other words , in short ) .

Whole forests may be saved by this , as “ Speech Processing and Recognition using Integrated Neurocomputing Techniques ” turns to SPRINT , and “ Correct Hardware Design Methodology : Towards Formal Design and Verification for Provably Correct VLSI Hardware ” becomes CHARME .
whole forests may be saved by this , as “ speech processing and recognition using integrated neurocomputing techniques ” turns to sprint , and “ correct hardware design methodology : towards formal design and [check] for provably correct vlsi hardware ” becomes charme .

