Verily , the Academy is a raging inferno of inertia and glazed expressions .
[definitely] , the academy is a raging inferno of inertia and glazed expressions .

Verily , your axe strikes true when you suggest that some ca n't spend more on software , even if they did n't pirate — but is this any excuse for stealing ?
[definitely] , your axe strikes true when you suggest that some ca n't spend more on software , even if they did n't pirate — but is this any excuse for stealing ?

Nicholas protested that he ‘ verily believed the Pope to be anti-Christ and would pull down a room in his house if he learned that Mass had been celebrated in it ’ .
nicholas protested that he ‘ [definitely] believed the pope to be anti-christ and would pull down a room in his house if he learned that mass had been celebrated in it ’ .

Verily , these people are set upon pushing the noise boat out over the horizon until it arrives … somewhere .
[definitely] , these people are set upon pushing the noise boat out over the horizon until it arrives … somewhere .

Than Tun wound up ; ‘ He solemnly stated that the time for parting of the ways had verily come .
than tun wound up ; ‘ he solemnly stated that the time for parting of the ways had [definitely] come .

But verily he did return , smiling , if a trifle shagged out , saying , ‘ That 's done .
but [definitely] he did return , smiling , if a trifle shagged out , saying , ‘ that 's done .

‘ … and verily every man living is altogether vanity ’ the minister went on .
‘ … and [definitely] every man living is altogether vanity ’ the minister went on .

The opening was from a book called Joyce , By Her Friends , and was a piece written by Verily Anderson which conjured up an imaginary car ride with Joyce : ‘ Turn left any minute now and then sharp right and straight under a low lying archway with a very steep mews .
the opening was from a book called joyce , by her friends , and was a piece written by [definitely] anderson which conjured up an imaginary car ride with joyce : ‘ turn left any minute now and then sharp right and straight under a low lying archway with a very steep mews .

But verily , for that lawless coronation that she made , she shall be most firmly enclosed in a dwelling of stone and iron , made like a crown , and at Berwick be hung up in the open air , that she may be given , in life and after death , for a gazing-stock and an everlasting scorn to those who pass by .
but [definitely] , for that lawless coronation that she made , she shall be most firmly enclosed in a dwelling of stone and iron , made like a crown , and at berwick be hung up in the open air , that she may be given , in life and after death , for a gazing-stock and an everlasting scorn to those who pass by .

Verily , the Cohens and Kellys , strengthened by the Stewarts or McDonalds .
[definitely] , the cohens and kellys , strengthened by the stewarts or mcdonalds .

Now we have the Send key , that great enabler of the slipshod thought , and verily I have not mastered the button , because as soon as the coffee kicked in this morning , I cringed at what I saw .
now we have the send key , that great enabler of the slipshod thought , and [definitely] i have not mastered the button , because as soon as the coffee kicked in this morning , i cringed at what i saw .

One of them , based on vague memories of the Elizabethan English of the Authorized Version ( albeit much of its language was borrowed from Tyndale 's 16th-century translation ) , is that Classical Hebrew tends to be long-winded and is overloaded with the equivalents of peradventure , verily , and Does it find favor in my Lord 's sight ?
one of them , based on vague memories of the elizabethan english of the authorized version ( albeit much of its language was borrowed from tyndale 's 16th-century translation ) , is that classical hebrew tends to be long-winded and is overloaded with the equivalents of peradventure , [definitely] , and does it find favor in my lord 's sight ?

Cotgrave has : — Deâ , an interjection , as Dâ , ouy de^ [ the circumflex over the a is not mine , but Cotgrave 's ] , yes , truly , verily , without doubt also , a tearme of expostulation [ note this ] ; as deâ , qui vous mouvoit ?
cotgrave has : — deâ , an interjection , as dâ , ouy de^ [ the circumflex over the a is not mine , but cotgrave 's ] , yes , truly , [definitely] , without doubt also , a tearme of expostulation [ note this ] ; as deâ , qui vous mouvoit ?

