He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire .
he said britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to new delhi and from there to laos to [check] the cease-fire .

A visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area .
a visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or [check] opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area .

In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers' inspirations -- representing many peoples , time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments .
in all his miscalculations , stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers' inspirations -- representing many peoples , time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to [check] his own experiments .

usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly .
usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to [check] their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly .

It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure .
it is important to consider and experimentally [check] this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure .

Things do n't really matter ! Most women who are attracted to men will verify this there are many others the thought of often make up their mind and some would cringe ! It 's true is n't it ?
things do n't really matter ! most women who are attracted to men will [check] this there are many others the thought of often make up their mind and some would cringe ! it 's true is n't it ?

But whereas agency could verify these .
but whereas agency could [check] these .

John will verify this .
john will [check] this .

However , using the information about the clone order from hybridisation data it will be much easier to infer a restriction map of a genome ( and verify a hybridisation map in parallel ) from these results than to construct the complete two single-digest plus one double-digest map from individual restriction maps of each clone .
however , using the information about the clone order from hybridisation data it will be much easier to infer a restriction map of a genome ( and [check] a hybridisation map in parallel ) from these results than to construct the complete two single-digest plus one double-digest map from individual restriction maps of each clone .

It can be shown algebraically ( and these calculations verify ) that ( where m is the rate per thousand ) so that cohort probabilities can be estimated from mortality ratios .
it can be shown algebraically ( and these calculations [check] ) that ( where m is the rate per thousand ) so that cohort probabilities can be estimated from mortality ratios .

‘ When you are working in isolation , there is no-one else around to verify what exactly happened .
‘ when you are working in isolation , there is no-one else around to [check] what exactly happened .

As you said accidents do happen and things do n't get put down when you need to verify .
as you said accidents do happen and things do n't get put down when you need to [check] .

Their evidence for this judgement , as with those presented in most of their surveys , was loosely stated and difficult to verify , but the argument has been echoed many times in recent years in Britain by academics and policy-makers alike .
their evidence for this judgement , as with those presented in most of their surveys , was loosely stated and difficult to [check] , but the argument has been echoed many times in recent years in britain by academics and policy-makers alike .

‘ To integrate the information for each line , we have to take the time to make sure we have all of the elements necessary to verify the bills electronically , ’ Gilmont said .
‘ to integrate the information for each line , we have to take the time to make sure we have all of the elements necessary to [check] the bills electronically , ’ gilmont said .

Sense and notion . You are not here to verify ,
sense and notion . you are not here to [check] ,

International make-up artist Pia St. Luce will personally verify their recommendations and write to you with simple step-by-step instructions and advice on how to apply her cosmetic selection for perfect results .
international make-up artist pia st. luce will personally [check] their recommendations and write to you with simple step-by-step instructions and advice on how to apply her cosmetic selection for perfect results .

To see this , we have only to verify that ( 8.1 ) is still satisfied when i is a node of the cycle ( why ? )
to see this , we have only to [check] that ( 8.1 ) is still satisfied when i is a node of the cycle ( why ? )

Leaning is permissible above 3,000 feet , but check in you flight manual to verify that climbing rpm gives you less than 75 per cent power at that altitude .
leaning is permissible above 3,000 feet , but check in you flight manual to [check] that climbing rpm gives you less than 75 per cent power at that altitude .

You can verify that for yourself by running your fingertips ova a slightly rough surface and then stopping .
you can [check] that for yourself by running your fingertips ova a slightly rough surface and then stopping .

His musical memory was so acute that he once confounded a friend of his father 's , the court trumpeter and violinist Johann Andreas Schachtner , by insisting that Schachtner 's violin had been tuned exactly an eighth of a tone ( a tiny but noticeable fraction ) lower than Wolfgang 's own when he had last heard it — a fact that the astonished Schachtner was able to verify .
his musical memory was so acute that he once confounded a friend of his father 's , the court trumpeter and violinist johann andreas schachtner , by insisting that schachtner 's violin had been tuned exactly an eighth of a tone ( a tiny but noticeable fraction ) lower than wolfgang 's own when he had last heard it — a fact that the astonished schachtner was able to [check] .

This decided them that more work was needed to verify whether there was indeed fusion , and so they began to plan out a detailed strategy and designed an experiment — ‘ scaling it ’ in the sense that Fleischmann had learned in his days at Imperial College .
this decided them that more work was needed to [check] whether there was indeed fusion , and so they began to plan out a detailed strategy and designed an experiment — ‘ scaling it ’ in the sense that fleischmann had learned in his days at imperial college .

Control were trying to get hold of him , to verify that he had accidentally triggered his window alarm .
control were trying to get hold of him , to [check] that he had accidentally triggered his window alarm .

The Luxembourg Institute intends to verify closely whether the auditors who have their ‘ second offices ’ in Luxembourg fulfil the condition of having an effective establishment in the sense of the professional rules .
the luxembourg institute intends to [check] closely whether the auditors who have their ‘ second offices ’ in luxembourg fulfil the condition of having an effective establishment in the sense of the professional rules .

‘ We did not visit operating locations nor verify the group 's assets and liabilities at 30 June .
‘ we did not visit operating locations nor [check] the group 's assets and liabilities at 30 june .

In the judge 's view , the auditors should have said ‘ bills receivable include bills … payable by an overseas debtor the credit-worthiness of whom it has not been possible to verify ’ , and ‘ subject to satisfactory recovery of the monies , in our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view ’ .
in the judge 's view , the auditors should have said ‘ bills receivable include bills … payable by an overseas debtor the credit-worthiness of whom it has not been possible to [check] ’ , and ‘ subject to satisfactory recovery of the monies , in our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view ’ .

Strictly universal statements ( such as ‘ All men are mortal ’ ) are in principle unverifiable and are tested by trying to falsify them , while strictly existential statements ( such as ‘ Unicorns exist ’ ) are in principle unfalsifiable and tested by trying to verify them .
strictly universal statements ( such as ‘ all men are mortal ’ ) are in principle unverifiable and are tested by trying to falsify them , while strictly existential statements ( such as ‘ unicorns exist ’ ) are in principle unfalsifiable and tested by trying to [check] them .

Verification — if an applicant has successfully completed all the previous stages , now is the time to verify all the information .
verification — if an applicant has successfully completed all the previous stages , now is the time to [check] all the information .

Nearly 30 separate documents can be used to prove that a man or woman is eligible to work , and employers are not required to verify any of them .
nearly 30 separate documents can be used to prove that a man or woman is eligible to work , and employers are not required to [check] any of them .

He seldom troubles to verify a reference or document a case , his rejections tend to be magisterially dismissive , his judgements readily upstage even his most august victims .
he seldom troubles to [check] a reference or document a case , his rejections tend to be magisterially dismissive , his judgements readily upstage even his most august victims .

You can use them arbitrarily when you are speaking to those who can neither verify the accuracy of the data , nor have sufficient knowledge of the situation from which they are drawn to appreciate their significance .
you can use them arbitrarily when you are speaking to those who can neither [check] the accuracy of the data , nor have sufficient knowledge of the situation from which they are drawn to appreciate their significance .

The surveyor can easily assess the relationship between earnings on measured work and daywork , in order to verify the daywork hours , provided he is aware of the total hours worked each week .
the surveyor can easily assess the relationship between earnings on measured work and daywork , in order to [check] the daywork hours , provided he is aware of the total hours worked each week .

In addition it may be necessary to investigate the nature of any industrial development , and the direction of the prevailing wind , to verify that the site will not be affected by effluent , smoke , fumes or smell .
in addition it may be necessary to investigate the nature of any industrial development , and the direction of the prevailing wind , to [check] that the site will not be affected by effluent , smoke , fumes or smell .

It is not enough to visit or telephone the offices of the local authority , water authority and public utilities , to verify the availability of services .
it is not enough to visit or telephone the offices of the local authority , water authority and public utilities , to [check] the availability of services .

It was claimed earlier that black — in blackbird was not a semantic constituent ; we can now verify the claim by subjecting it to the recurrent contrast test :
it was claimed earlier that black — in blackbird was not a semantic constituent ; we can now [check] the claim by subjecting it to the recurrent contrast test :

Even in very large organizations one finds that the original conceptual activities were carried out initially on the drawing board , advancing to cardboard models to verify their ideas .
even in very large organizations one finds that the original conceptual activities were carried out initially on the drawing board , advancing to cardboard models to [check] their ideas .

What is seldom revealed in the history books , though perfectly easy to verify , is that Darwin 's contribution was less a paper than a rambling series of notes which contained nothing novel , whereas Wallace 's `` Ternate `` paper was the first complete exposition in writing of `` Descent and Divergence with modification through variation and Natural Selection `` — which is the very kernel of what has become known as the `` Darwinian `` theory of evolution .
what is seldom revealed in the history books , though perfectly easy to [check] , is that darwin 's contribution was less a paper than a rambling series of notes which contained nothing novel , whereas wallace 's `` ternate `` paper was the first complete exposition in writing of `` descent and divergence with modification through variation and natural selection `` — which is the very kernel of what has become known as the `` darwinian `` theory of evolution .

He looked astonished , as well he might , and glanced downwards instinctively to verify this .
he looked astonished , as well he might , and glanced downwards instinctively to [check] this .

‘ it was submitted that it was unobjectionable to penalise false statements made without taking due care to verify their accuracy .
‘ it was submitted that it was unobjectionable to penalise false statements made without taking due care to [check] their accuracy .

Their Lordships do not find it necessary for present purposes to examine the question what element of mens rea is required as an ingredient of the offences … They observe , however , that it would on any view be a grave impediment to the freedom of the press if those who print , or a fortiori those who distribute , matter reflecting critically on the conduct of public authorities could only do so with impunity if they could first verify the accuracy of all statements of fact on which the criticism was based .
their lordships do not find it necessary for present purposes to examine the question what element of mens rea is required as an ingredient of the offences … they observe , however , that it would on any view be a grave impediment to the freedom of the press if those who print , or a fortiori those who distribute , matter reflecting critically on the conduct of public authorities could only do so with impunity if they could first [check] the accuracy of all statements of fact on which the criticism was based .

Two of these 56 children are not included in the analyses ; both died in the early 1970s shortly after having non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma diagnosed , and we were unable to verify their parents ' names or dates of birth .
two of these 56 children are not included in the analyses ; both died in the early 1970s shortly after having non-hodgkin 's lymphoma diagnosed , and we were unable to [check] their parents ' names or dates of birth .

If published claims are of any real importance others will want to repeat , verify , contradict , or confirm them .
if published claims are of any real importance others will want to repeat , [check] , contradict , or confirm them .

What is meant by the word ‘ verify ’ in these principles ?
what is meant by the word ‘ [check] ’ in these principles ?

If we could precisely specify and conclusively verify every member of the set of observation statements which together make up the meaning of a non-observation statement , that non-observation statement would , in accordance with the verification principle , have its own determinate meaning and in certain circumstances be determinately true or determinately false .
if we could precisely specify and conclusively [check] every member of the set of observation statements which together make up the meaning of a non-observation statement , that non-observation statement would , in accordance with the verification principle , have its own determinate meaning and in certain circumstances be determinately true or determinately false .

First , it seems possible that in most cases the conditional statements about what would be observed in certain circumstances can not all be verified , because there will be cases where if you verify one you lose the chance of verifying another .
first , it seems possible that in most cases the conditional statements about what would be observed in certain circumstances can not all be verified , because there will be cases where if you [check] one you lose the chance of verifying another .

It is for the national court to verify in each individual case whether that condition is satisfied .
it is for the national court to [check] in each individual case whether that condition is satisfied .

It is hard to verify whether or not this is the dreadful fish it is made out to be or whether the tales are apocryphal , but what is certain is that the species itself does exist .
it is hard to [check] whether or not this is the dreadful fish it is made out to be or whether the tales are apocryphal , but what is certain is that the species itself does exist .

Continually assessing the sufferer 's knowledge , skills , blocks to recovery , attitudes and feelings and reflecting these back to the sufferer with the suggestion that he or she may wish to verify them with other members of the group .
continually assessing the sufferer 's knowledge , skills , blocks to recovery , attitudes and feelings and reflecting these back to the sufferer with the suggestion that he or she may wish to [check] them with other members of the group .

Our use of an infinitary rule , which requires an apparently infinite amount of work to verify its preconditions , appears undesirable .
our use of an infinitary rule , which requires an apparently infinite amount of work to [check] its preconditions , appears undesirable .

Indeed our infinitary rule may well be more practical , since it will be possible to verify its preconditions by induction in many applications .
indeed our infinitary rule may well be more practical , since it will be possible to [check] its preconditions by induction in many applications .

d ) Except when flying in good visual conditions ( when the eyes can easily verify your position , attitude and motion , with respect to the surface of the Earth ) bodily sensations are usually unreliable , whereas failure of flight instruments is much less likely to have occurred .
d ) except when flying in good visual conditions ( when the eyes can easily [check] your position , attitude and motion , with respect to the surface of the earth ) bodily sensations are usually unreliable , whereas failure of flight instruments is much less likely to have occurred .

Cézanne worked with a full Impressionist palette , and it is evident , not only from a visual analysis of his painting , but also from his letters and from Emile Bernard 's observations on his method of work , that Cézanne relied on the exactness of tonal relationships to produce a sensation of volume and recession ; indeed , the necessity he felt to verify these relationships was one of the reasons why he was compelled to turn back continually to a study of nature .
cézanne worked with a full impressionist palette , and it is evident , not only from a visual analysis of his painting , but also from his letters and from emile bernard 's observations on his method of work , that cézanne relied on the exactness of tonal relationships to produce a sensation of volume and recession ; indeed , the necessity he felt to [check] these relationships was one of the reasons why he was compelled to turn back continually to a study of nature .

His ‘ myth ’ has the same status as hers , though later when scientists attempt to verify this he has to alter the chemical composition of his exterior in order to substantiate his claim .
his ‘ myth ’ has the same status as hers , though later when scientists attempt to [check] this he has to alter the chemical composition of his exterior in order to substantiate his claim .

‘ And you can verify that the guns are licenced ? ’
‘ and you can [check] that the guns are licenced ? ’

‘ The author is an historian respected by many but his so-called facts , he does not always verify them .
‘ the author is an historian respected by many but his so-called facts , he does not always [check] them .

( There is a story , which it has proved impossible to verify from the record , that Lloyd opened one meeting with these staff by declaring ‘ this is not a democracy ’ . )
( there is a story , which it has proved impossible to [check] from the record , that lloyd opened one meeting with these staff by declaring ‘ this is not a democracy ’ . )

It is checked and passed to the Registry who , together with the data preparation service , enter and verify approximately 10,000 individual marks and grades within a 36-hour period each term .
it is checked and passed to the registry who , together with the data preparation service , enter and [check] approximately 10,000 individual marks and grades within a 36-hour period each term .

Rain meant to verify that story herself , the duke himself was less than twenty feet away .
rain meant to [check] that story herself , the duke himself was less than twenty feet away .

From theory , it draws the equations which define the fundamental laws of nature ; from experimentation , it receives data , and a means to verify its results .
from theory , it draws the equations which define the fundamental laws of nature ; from experimentation , it receives data , and a means to [check] its results .

The Timber Trade Federation has admitted that it is difficult to define and verify sustainability , and there are signs that several major retailers are planning to cease making such claims .
the timber trade federation has admitted that it is difficult to define and [check] sustainability , and there are signs that several major retailers are planning to cease making such claims .

The National Wildlife Federation warns that voluntary agreements between companies and an agency `` which can not verify or enforce the reductions offers little guarantee of progress `` .
the national wildlife federation warns that voluntary agreements between companies and an agency `` which can not [check] or enforce the reductions offers little guarantee of progress `` .

This will be the case especially where the actual affidavit boasts of `` highly placed sources `` who can be summoned to verify the allegation . ``
this will be the case especially where the actual affidavit boasts of `` highly placed sources `` who can be summoned to [check] the allegation . ``

Please ring him if you feel you need to verify that fact .
please ring him if you feel you need to [check] that fact .

i can just verify that Frank is having talks with a spanish 1 div club ( i do nt think they have any ‘ premier div ’ down there — so first is first … ) — i guess Frank feels he does n't get the chance he + me + others thinks he deserves — Dino and Wallace just not delivering goals and Frank never getting more than the 10 last minutes from time to time .
i can just [check] that frank is having talks with a spanish 1 div club ( i do nt think they have any ‘ premier div ’ down there — so first is first … ) — i guess frank feels he does n't get the chance he + me + others thinks he deserves — dino and wallace just not delivering goals and frank never getting more than the 10 last minutes from time to time .

The affidavit must verify that the defendant falls within the categories in Ord 29 , r11 ( 2 ) and the amount of the damages to which the application relates and contain enough information to enable the master or district judge to reach a preliminary valuation of the claim ( because he has got to order a part of it to be paid to the plaintiff ) .
the affidavit must [check] that the defendant falls within the categories in ord 29 , r11 ( 2 ) and the amount of the damages to which the application relates and contain enough information to enable the master or district judge to reach a preliminary valuation of the claim ( because he has got to order a part of it to be paid to the plaintiff ) .

There is also likely to be an undertaking to allow the investors access to the books , and for the appointment of a firm of accountants , at the company 's expense , to verify any figures provided .
there is also likely to be an undertaking to allow the investors access to the books , and for the appointment of a firm of accountants , at the company 's expense , to [check] any figures provided .

An interim report by scientists says that more work is needed to verify the findings and assess the effect of the pollution on local people .
an interim report by scientists says that more work is needed to [check] the findings and assess the effect of the pollution on local people .

The five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .
the five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to [check] that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .

The second important task of historical criticism is to verify information found in the biblical sources .
the second important task of historical criticism is to [check] information found in the biblical sources .

But for the moment , as ill-luck would have it , he was unable to verify it .
but for the moment , as ill-luck would have it , he was unable to [check] it .

Elsewhere Pemberton 's status as `` reflector `` ( seep 174 ) is evident in the assertion of statements which no one but he would be in a position to verify : `` it cost hint such an effort to broach the subject of terms `` .
elsewhere pemberton 's status as `` reflector `` ( seep 174 ) is evident in the assertion of statements which no one but he would be in a position to [check] : `` it cost hint such an effort to broach the subject of terms `` .

However , in an interview with Dutch television on 1 October , the Russian Minister for Culture and Tourism , Yevgeniy Sidorov , did say that the drawings had been ‘ found ’ on Russian soil , and that an invitation had been issued to the Dutch ambassador to come and ‘ verify ’ the collection , which was probably moved last year to the monastery of Pavloviy Posad ( formerly Zagorsk ) in an attempt by the Pushkin museum 's authorities to save their reputations after repeated accusations had been made against them both by Russians and the Dutch .
however , in an interview with dutch television on 1 october , the russian minister for culture and tourism , yevgeniy sidorov , did say that the drawings had been ‘ found ’ on russian soil , and that an invitation had been issued to the dutch ambassador to come and ‘ [check] ’ the collection , which was probably moved last year to the monastery of pavloviy posad ( formerly zagorsk ) in an attempt by the pushkin museum 's authorities to save their reputations after repeated accusations had been made against them both by russians and the dutch .

In the course of researching his clock to verify its provenance , Shulman had evidence that was at variance with Kozlenkov 's testimony .
in the course of researching his clock to [check] its provenance , shulman had evidence that was at variance with kozlenkov 's testimony .

To privilege one of these ways of attaining objectivity , particularly when that way happens to be one 's own , is fraught with difficulty , not least because the assessment is likely to be circular , depending on the very standards that the proponents are trying to verify .
to privilege one of these ways of attaining objectivity , particularly when that way happens to be one 's own , is fraught with difficulty , not least because the assessment is likely to be circular , depending on the very standards that the proponents are trying to [check] .

The reservations manager will either write or telephone near that date to verify the reservation , as a ‘ no show ’ means a loss of business to the hotel .
the reservations manager will either write or telephone near that date to [check] the reservation , as a ‘ no show ’ means a loss of business to the hotel .

If the cashier wishes to verify if a cheque is acceptable , a telephone call to the hotel 's bank giving details of the cheque , the drawer 's name , and the branch on which it is to be drawn , the bank will make contact with the drawer 's bank and establish whether the cheque is acceptable .
if the cashier wishes to [check] if a cheque is acceptable , a telephone call to the hotel 's bank giving details of the cheque , the drawer 's name , and the branch on which it is to be drawn , the bank will make contact with the drawer 's bank and establish whether the cheque is acceptable .

From this view any attempt to quantify or verify the meanings is misleading .
from this view any attempt to quantify or [check] the meanings is misleading .

To verify or disprove that therapeutic vaccines can induce an anti-HIV immune response of such a kind that it has clinical , positive consequences ; and
to [check] or disprove that therapeutic vaccines can induce an anti-hiv immune response of such a kind that it has clinical , positive consequences ; and

The notion of reader-awareness seems to me much more powerful than Britton 's audience categories , which are difficult to verify and have no validity outside the school context .
the notion of reader-awareness seems to me much more powerful than britton 's audience categories , which are difficult to [check] and have no validity outside the school context .

Before closing this section we offer a delightful second proof of this last theorem in which ( the reader is invited to verify ) no use is made of the concept of primeness .
before closing this section we offer a delightful second proof of this last theorem in which ( the reader is invited to [check] ) no use is made of the concept of primeness .

Yoshida desired a peace treaty as soon as possible ; he recognised that a treaty would probably involve American forces remaining to verify compliance with the treaty and indicated the willingness of the Japanese government to meet American wishes .
yoshida desired a peace treaty as soon as possible ; he recognised that a treaty would probably involve american forces remaining to [check] compliance with the treaty and indicated the willingness of the japanese government to meet american wishes .

However , interviews in the field , including those with some eight middle-ranking heroin dealers living in different Wirral townships , verify this fact .
however , interviews in the field , including those with some eight middle-ranking heroin dealers living in different wirral townships , [check] this fact .

v. Galliher the court ordered the defendant to disclose full particulars of a flat in Paris ( which was thought to contain valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to verify the information on affidavit , and to permit a named French avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .
v. galliher the court ordered the defendant to disclose full particulars of a flat in paris ( which was thought to contain valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to [check] the information on affidavit , and to permit a named french avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .

Whitlock had come up with something a lot more constructive and was on his way to verify its authenticity .
whitlock had come up with something a lot more constructive and was on his way to [check] its authenticity .

Like the theme bars , this is to reassure you that you are indeed in England or Spain , without you having to go out to verify it .
like the theme bars , this is to reassure you that you are indeed in england or spain , without you having to go out to [check] it .

Therapeutic practice can not , so it is argued , itself be used to verify the claims of psychoanalytic theories , as is often claimed by analysts .
therapeutic practice can not , so it is argued , itself be used to [check] the claims of psychoanalytic theories , as is often claimed by analysts .

In the event of a suspicious account , a photocopy may need to be sent to the ‘ hospital ’ or ‘ clinic ’ for verification and the Claimant should be instructed to contact the ‘ clinic ’ to verify the account and confirm to us immediately .
in the event of a suspicious account , a photocopy may need to be sent to the ‘ hospital ’ or ‘ clinic ’ for verification and the claimant should be instructed to contact the ‘ clinic ’ to [check] the account and confirm to us immediately .

It is important to verify policy cover and to see that this is correctly defined on the front sheet .
it is important to [check] policy cover and to see that this is correctly defined on the front sheet .

To be able to assess and verify the current status of the software which is approved , the approver must be aware of which SSRs will still apply to the package and its contents once approval is granted .
to be able to assess and [check] the current status of the software which is approved , the approver must be aware of which ssrs will still apply to the package and its contents once approval is granted .

Please verify that there is sufficient disk quota and privilege to create a file in the supplied working directory .
please [check] that there is sufficient disk quota and privilege to create a file in the supplied working directory .

Please verify that there is sufficient disk quota and privilege to write to a file in the supplied working directory .
please [check] that there is sufficient disk quota and privilege to write to a file in the supplied working directory .

During the Offline Cycle , the Offline System will read files in situ and carry out a Cyclic Redundancy Check in order to verify these files .
during the offline cycle , the offline system will read files in situ and carry out a cyclic redundancy check in order to [check] these files .

During the offline run , the offline system will read files in situ and carry out a Cyclic Redundancy Check in order to verify these files .
during the offline run , the offline system will read files in situ and carry out a cyclic redundancy check in order to [check] these files .

In determining how much can be achieved in 15 minutes , consideration is taken of the time to store/restore and the time to verify , and equal durations of seven and a half minutes are allocated to these phases .
in determining how much can be achieved in 15 minutes , consideration is taken of the time to store/restore and the time to [check] , and equal durations of seven and a half minutes are allocated to these phases .

Called with immediate effect , on member states deploying maritime forces in the area , to use `` such measures commensurate to the specific circumstances as may be necessary under the authority of the Security Council to halt all inward and outward maritime shipping in order to inspect and verify their cargoes and destinations `` and ensure the strict implementation of mandatory economic sanctions .
called with immediate effect , on member states deploying maritime forces in the area , to use `` such measures commensurate to the specific circumstances as may be necessary under the authority of the security council to halt all inward and outward maritime shipping in order to inspect and [check] their cargoes and destinations `` and ensure the strict implementation of mandatory economic sanctions .

While we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum on your behalf , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to verify its factual accuracy .
while we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum on your behalf , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to [check] its factual accuracy .

Whilst we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to verify its contents .
whilst we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to [check] its contents .

In order to assess how ‘ fair ’ the warranted Accounts are and to verify or compare profit/and/or net asset growth it is useful to be able to assume that previous accounts have been drawn up on a similar basis and that , for example , the Vendor has not unfairly weighted the profits for the warranted Accounts .
in order to assess how ‘ fair ’ the warranted accounts are and to [check] or compare profit/and/or net asset growth it is useful to be able to assume that previous accounts have been drawn up on a similar basis and that , for example , the vendor has not unfairly weighted the profits for the warranted accounts .

The text should be consulted both to verify identifications and to check the range of variation .
the text should be consulted both to [check] identifications and to check the range of variation .

Print preview to verify page layout and appearance
print preview to [check] page layout and appearance

As with the passport photograph that is used to verify the identity of the subject and which functions like the signature in official documents , this function of the face can be detected in traditional portraiture where the face on the canvas is there to represent the true likeness of the model .
as with the passport photograph that is used to [check] the identity of the subject and which functions like the signature in official documents , this function of the face can be detected in traditional portraiture where the face on the canvas is there to represent the true likeness of the model .

To what extent such metrical methods will be used only in specialized analyses remains to be seen , for as Stewart ( 1954 ) suggests , it may be rather a waste of effort to measure such specimens simply to verify what can so quickly be seen by eye .
to what extent such metrical methods will be used only in specialized analyses remains to be seen , for as stewart ( 1954 ) suggests , it may be rather a waste of effort to measure such specimens simply to [check] what can so quickly be seen by eye .

Perhaps you would like to verify that you can understand something of the organisation using this form of documentation .
perhaps you would like to [check] that you can understand something of the organisation using this form of documentation .

It is a first sketch of the business , and you may also verify the relationships , add entities and relationships to the model or attributes to the entities , so that the model is more appropriate for a typical firm of wholesalers .
it is a first sketch of the business , and you may also [check] the relationships , add entities and relationships to the model or attributes to the entities , so that the model is more appropriate for a typical firm of wholesalers .

An extended experiment was now conducted to verify the expected behaviour of the A-measure and I-measure .
an extended experiment was now conducted to [check] the expected behaviour of the a-measure and i-measure .

Various experiments were performed to verify that the imaging technique would give consistent results and to understand better the various parameter values ( illumination , exposure , the structure of the subjects to be measured ) affecting the measurement .
various experiments were performed to [check] that the imaging technique would give consistent results and to understand better the various parameter values ( illumination , exposure , the structure of the subjects to be measured ) affecting the measurement .

Other systems use sub-word information to verify whether character combinations are legal ( e.g .
other systems use sub-word information to [check] whether character combinations are legal ( e.g .

Stylistic analysis aims to ‘ fingerprint ’ authors and verify the authorship of disputed works ( e.g .
stylistic analysis aims to ‘ fingerprint ’ authors and [check] the authorship of disputed works ( e.g .

My Lord of Buckingham come to Templecombe thinking the relics might be hidden here , or maybe just to verify with Hopkins that what he had been told was the truth .
my lord of buckingham come to templecombe thinking the relics might be hidden here , or maybe just to [check] with hopkins that what he had been told was the truth .

To verify these properties with the particular pairs used in this experiment , we repeat the procedure used above for : we regress on t , σ , and k ( though for obvious reasons we exclude 8 , in which is always zero ) .
to [check] these properties with the particular pairs used in this experiment , we repeat the procedure used above for : we regress on t , σ , and k ( though for obvious reasons we exclude 8 , in which is always zero ) .

… but it is a different sort of objectivity than that permitting and defining assertibility in the sciences and impossible to verify or vindicate by their kinds of instruments and tests . ( p. 44 )
… but it is a different sort of objectivity than that permitting and defining assertibility in the sciences and impossible to [check] or vindicate by their kinds of instruments and tests . ( p. 44 )

Joint agreement was reached , however , on the creation of an International Supervision Commission to verify possible stages of a future peace process .
joint agreement was reached , however , on the creation of an international supervision commission to [check] possible stages of a future peace process .

Casualties were put in the thousands by Kurgan Tyube officials , although figures were impossible to verify .
casualties were put in the thousands by kurgan tyube officials , although figures were impossible to [check] .

The president of the House of Deputies of the Congress , Carlos Dupre , on Nov. 28 ordered an official investigation to verify the authenticity of a letter attributed to `` various military chiefs `` which called on former President Augusto Pinochet Ugarte , the C.-in-C. of the Armed Forces , to resign .
the president of the house of deputies of the congress , carlos dupre , on nov. 28 ordered an official investigation to [check] the authenticity of a letter attributed to `` various military chiefs `` which called on former president augusto pinochet ugarte , the c.-in-c. of the armed forces , to resign .

when some security staff are located outside the hotel , they may need to be in constant communication with their colleagues inside the building , in order to verify that people arriving are bona fide guests , for example .
when some security staff are located outside the hotel , they may need to be in constant communication with their colleagues inside the building , in order to [check] that people arriving are bona fide guests , for example .

One of their main responsibilities will be to verify the additional assessment , and to approve additional assessments which have been designed by individual centres .
one of their main responsibilities will be to [check] the additional assessment , and to approve additional assessments which have been designed by individual centres .

Software , as it is written and developed , can be deposited with an independent person ( for example , a bank manager or solicitor or the Stationers ' Company ) who can verify important dates such as when the software was first written and when it was modified .
software , as it is written and developed , can be deposited with an independent person ( for example , a bank manager or solicitor or the stationers ' company ) who can [check] important dates such as when the software was first written and when it was modified .

However , a professional such as a general medical practitioner who has to seek the advice of a specialist consultant will find it difficult to verify and validate the advice of the specialist and this is true also of expert systems which contain knowledge beyond that of the user of the system .
however , a professional such as a general medical practitioner who has to seek the advice of a specialist consultant will find it difficult to [check] and validate the advice of the specialist and this is true also of expert systems which contain knowledge beyond that of the user of the system .

Conditions of development , including general health standards , may play a role , but data that would aptly verify or refute this are not available .
conditions of development , including general health standards , may play a role , but data that would aptly [check] or refute this are not available .

The student should verify the latter method .
the student should [check] the latter method .

This study measured the values of cyclic nucleotides and adenylate and guanylate cyclase activities in duodenal mucosa homogenates to verify if they played a part in coeliac disease .
this study measured the values of cyclic nucleotides and adenylate and guanylate cyclase activities in duodenal mucosa homogenates to [check] if they played a part in coeliac disease .

It contained questions on the grade in school , current school performance , and if the child was in a special class , to verify normal development .
it contained questions on the grade in school , current school performance , and if the child was in a special class , to [check] normal development .

It is easy to verify that these are the correct discount factors .
it is easy to [check] that these are the correct discount factors .

Until very recently , observers were rarely on board to verify officially reported figures , and even if they were , attempts were often made to stop them witnessing the dolphin catch .
until very recently , observers were rarely on board to [check] officially reported figures , and even if they were , attempts were often made to stop them witnessing the dolphin catch .

If the Gospels gave a moral truth already known by reason , this would verify the Gospels , not our reason .
if the gospels gave a moral truth already known by reason , this would [check] the gospels , not our reason .

We say that a sentence is factually significant to any given person if , and only if , he knows how to verify the proposition which it purports to express — that is , if he knows what observations would lead him , under certain conditions , to accept the proposition as being true , or reject it as being false .
we say that a sentence is factually significant to any given person if , and only if , he knows how to [check] the proposition which it purports to express — that is , if he knows what observations would lead him , under certain conditions , to accept the proposition as being true , or reject it as being false .

The registry also reports an increase in the number of searches as people verify their situation in the light of tougher credit granting procedures , says chairman , Malcolm Hurlston .
the registry also reports an increase in the number of searches as people [check] their situation in the light of tougher credit granting procedures , says chairman , malcolm hurlston .

‘ Hundred foot garden , ’ said the woman and Amanda set off to verify this while Don and the woman waited .
‘ hundred foot garden , ’ said the woman and amanda set off to [check] this while don and the woman waited .

Social work inclination to try to verify the occurrence of sexual abuse was often at variance with the police desire to be involved as early as possible in the investigation of a case .
social work inclination to try to [check] the occurrence of sexual abuse was often at variance with the police desire to be involved as early as possible in the investigation of a case .

Finally each choice is reassessed against all criteria to verify selection .
finally each choice is reassessed against all criteria to [check] selection .

To verify this the remedy is stopped for a week or two .
to [check] this the remedy is stopped for a week or two .

In 1972 the Criminal Law Revision Committee had been particularly exercised by the fear that silent suspects could ‘ ambush ’ the prosecution with evidence at their trial which they did not mention during questioning and which the police now had no time independently to verify .
in 1972 the criminal law revision committee had been particularly exercised by the fear that silent suspects could ‘ ambush ’ the prosecution with evidence at their trial which they did not mention during questioning and which the police now had no time independently to [check] .

At the finish he was greeted home by two members of Hampshire Constabulary who were there to verify the completion of the run .
at the finish he was greeted home by two members of hampshire constabulary who were there to [check] the completion of the run .

The wider system would include the parent department , the personnel section who verify the claims , the finance department that influences the format and timing of claims , etc , and the boards or committees that determine the organisation policy as a whole .
the wider system would include the parent department , the personnel section who [check] the claims , the finance department that influences the format and timing of claims , etc , and the boards or committees that determine the organisation policy as a whole .

It is hard for science to verify such an idea as it is beyond its scope to understand certain aspects of the unborn personality .
it is hard for science to [check] such an idea as it is beyond its scope to understand certain aspects of the unborn personality .

Check the directory again to verify that the file Task7YourInitials.doc has now been deleted .
check the directory again to [check] that the file task7yourinitials.doc has now been deleted .

In the process he decided to verify the predictions of the British physiologist Archibald Vivian Hill ( who won a Nobel prize in 1922 , and died only five years ago ) .
in the process he decided to [check] the predictions of the british physiologist archibald vivian hill ( who won a nobel prize in 1922 , and died only five years ago ) .

If we here abandon the time-sequence of his life and anticipate his later work we should also see that an idea or hypothesis was often involved in some of his work , being followed by experiment involving accurate measurement to verify or deny the hypothesis .
if we here abandon the time-sequence of his life and anticipate his later work we should also see that an idea or hypothesis was often involved in some of his work , being followed by experiment involving accurate measurement to [check] or deny the hypothesis .

Immanuel Yelikovsky 's idea that the Earth stopped rotating in Old Testament times is attractive , as Martin Gardner points out in his recent Science , Good , Bad and Bogus , because it seems to verify the Old Testament .
immanuel yelikovsky 's idea that the earth stopped rotating in old testament times is attractive , as martin gardner points out in his recent science , good , bad and bogus , because it seems to [check] the old testament .

In order to verify his electrical recording findings , Thompson made lesions in the cerebellums of animals that had learned the conditioned eyeblink response , Rabbits that learned with their left eye and had lesions made to the left half of their cerebellum no longer blinked when they heard the tone but continued to blink to the puff of air .
in order to [check] his electrical recording findings , thompson made lesions in the cerebellums of animals that had learned the conditioned eyeblink response , rabbits that learned with their left eye and had lesions made to the left half of their cerebellum no longer blinked when they heard the tone but continued to blink to the puff of air .

It is neither complete nor authoritative — the family of Forsey , to take just one small example , being listed separately as Forterishey , Fortersley , and Fortryshey without cross reference , attempt to verify a definitive spelling , or verification of blazon — but it is almost the only generally available starting point , and can not be ignored .
it is neither complete nor authoritative — the family of forsey , to take just one small example , being listed separately as forterishey , fortersley , and fortryshey without cross reference , attempt to [check] a definitive spelling , or verification of blazon — but it is almost the only generally available starting point , and can not be ignored .

Time-diary ﬁndings also verify that time constraints are greater for higher-income Americans .
time-diary ﬁndings also [check] that time constraints are greater for higher-income americans .

Historical documents verify the story of her apparitions .
historical documents [check] the story of her apparitions .

George ’ s experiments have begun to verify the concept of a “ shape space ” put forth by George Oster and Alan Perelson of the University of California , Berkeley , and Los Alamos National Laboratory more than a decade earlier .
george ’ s experiments have begun to [check] the concept of a “ shape space ” put forth by george oster and alan perelson of the university of california , berkeley , and los alamos national laboratory more than a decade earlier .

To verify that a legal aid organization is federally funded or to find a local nonprofit legal aid office , consumers may refer to the Legal Services Corp. 's Web site , www.lsc.gov/fundprog.htm .
to [check] that a legal aid organization is federally funded or to find a local nonprofit legal aid office , consumers may refer to the legal services corp. 's web site , www.lsc.gov/fundprog.htm .

We did not independently verify the testimonial evidence from the interviews or the documents that senior executives and agency officials provided to us .
we did not independently [check] the testimonial evidence from the interviews or the documents that senior executives and agency officials provided to us .

We asked officials at the private sector companies and state governments profiled in the case studies to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their respective organizations and incorporated their comments as appropriate ; however , we did not independently verify the accuracy of that information .
we asked officials at the private sector companies and state governments profiled in the case studies to [check] the accuracy of the information presented on their respective organizations and incorporated their comments as appropriate ; however , we did not independently [check] the accuracy of that information .

For example , SSA shares data with the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) so it can perform a match to verify the identity of recipients of housing benefits and identify potentially fraudulent claims .
for example , ssa shares data with the department of housing and urban development ( hud ) so it can perform a match to [check] the identity of recipients of housing benefits and identify potentially fraudulent claims .

These audits verify that VA reported recoveries of $ 119 million from contract audits .
these audits [check] that va reported recoveries of $ 119 million from contract audits .

NAO reviews DWP 's sampling methodology and sample results , reviews some of the cases DWP examined , and selects its own sample to verify the accuracy of the reviews .
nao reviews dwp 's sampling methodology and sample results , reviews some of the cases dwp examined , and selects its own sample to [check] the accuracy of the reviews .

We asked officials of the various organizations highlighted in the case illustrations and throughout the report to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their activities and incorporated their comments as appropriate .
we asked officials of the various organizations highlighted in the case illustrations and throughout the report to [check] the accuracy of the information presented on their activities and incorporated their comments as appropriate .

We did not independently verify the accuracy of that information .
we did not independently [check] the accuracy of that information .

We did not attempt to verify the performance data that agencies provided .
we did not attempt to [check] the performance data that agencies provided .

They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .
they believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and [check] or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .

We also asked officials in each of the agencies profiled as case illustrations to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their respective agencies ; Page 52 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act however , we did not independently verify the accuracy of that information .
we also asked officials in each of the agencies profiled as case illustrations to [check] the accuracy of the information presented on their respective agencies ; page 52 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act however , we did not independently [check] the accuracy of that information .

While examining the documents , the staff also was required to verify that the documentation had the necessary administrative approvals .
while examining the documents , the staff also was required to [check] that the documentation had the necessary administrative approvals .

Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
since the system would automatically [check] all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .

Combining Statistical Sampling With Fast Pay The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
combining statistical sampling with fast pay the agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to [check] receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .

Regarding sampling of invoices after payment authorization to verify receipt and acceptance , we pointed out that Title 7 limits sampling to invoices under $ 2,500 .
regarding sampling of invoices after payment authorization to [check] receipt and acceptance , we pointed out that title 7 limits sampling to invoices under $ 2,500 .

Periodically , samples of all paid invoices would be selected and the supporting documentation reviewed to verify the validity of the payment .
periodically , samples of all paid invoices would be selected and the supporting documentation reviewed to [check] the validity of the payment .

During the review of the voucher , the supervisor could ask for supporting hard copy documents ( e.g. , hotel receipts ) if additional detail was needed to verify any of the claims on the voucher .
during the review of the voucher , the supervisor could ask for supporting hard copy documents ( e.g. , hotel receipts ) if additional detail was needed to [check] any of the claims on the voucher .

The edits could , for example , verify that the travel has been authorized and compare information on the voucher to information on master files to test the validity of the claims ( i.e. , that the claims were proper , legal , and accurate ) .
the edits could , for example , [check] that the travel has been authorized and compare information on the voucher to information on master files to test the validity of the claims ( i.e. , that the claims were proper , legal , and accurate ) .

The supporting documents would be examined to help verify the validity of the claims and the effectiveness of the system .
the supporting documents would be examined to help [check] the validity of the claims and the effectiveness of the system .

Generally , the supervisor 's approval serves two main purposes for the certifying officer : ( 1 ) to indicate the claims on the voucher are reasonable and ( 2 ) to verify that the travel actually took place .
generally , the supervisor 's approval serves two main purposes for the certifying officer : ( 1 ) to indicate the claims on the voucher are reasonable and ( 2 ) to [check] that the travel actually took place .

We believe there are several alternative procedures available to verify that travel actually took place without requiring the supervisor 's approval .
we believe there are several alternative procedures available to [check] that travel actually took place without requiring the supervisor 's approval .

Where no match is found , the travel office ( or certifying officer ) could request the hotel receipts to verify outoftown lodging costs .
where no match is found , the travel office ( or certifying officer ) could request the hotel receipts to [check] outoftown lodging costs .

We did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual FMFIA review .
we did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to [check] that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual fmfia review .

We did not verify the accuracy of the data but did correlate it to other program indicators for reasonableness .
we did not [check] the accuracy of the data but did correlate it to other program indicators for reasonableness .

They also used a disciplined design review process to examine and verify the knowledge that had culminated at the end of product integration , This design review process required agreement from stakeholders that the product design could be produced and would satisfy the customer 's requirements .
they also used a disciplined design review process to examine and [check] the knowledge that had culminated at the end of product integration , this design review process required agreement from stakeholders that the product design could be produced and would satisfy the customer 's requirements .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to [check] that the comments are accurately stated .

Auditors should prepare a summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
auditors should prepare a summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to [check] that the comments are accurately stated .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft of the summary to management of the audited entity to [check] that the comments are accurately stated .

They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .
they believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and [check] or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .

Based on GAO 's work , SSA is expanding its use of online data to better verify financial information about recipients and prevent future overpayments .
based on gao 's work , ssa is expanding its use of online data to better [check] financial information about recipients and prevent future overpayments .

Attestation and Verification by Employees and Timekeepers The employee and timekeeper , if any , are not required to attest or verify T & A reports and related documents .
attestation and verification by employees and timekeepers the employee and timekeeper , if any , are not required to attest or [check] t & a reports and related documents .

As part of their approval of the change , supervisors or designees must verify that the dates and amounts of material changes have been recorded in the appropriate T & A record .
as part of their approval of the change , supervisors or designees must [check] that the dates and amounts of material changes have been recorded in the appropriate t & a record .

The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of GAO/OGC-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .
the rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to [check] a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of gao/ogc-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .

The rule will become effective 1 year from the date of publication in the Federal Register except that the prohibition regarding sale to any person younger than 18 years of age and the requirement for photographic identification to verify the age of purchasers will become effective 6 months after publication .
the rule will become effective 1 year from the date of publication in the federal register except that the prohibition regarding sale to any person younger than 18 years of age and the requirement for photographic identification to [check] the age of purchasers will become effective 6 months after publication .

The auditor should also verify that the agency has defined its needs and requirements to support its mission , and that those requirements continue to be valid as the acquisition progresses through contract award and contract management .
the auditor should also [check] that the agency has defined its needs and requirements to support its mission , and that those requirements continue to be valid as the acquisition progresses through contract award and contract management .

To verify that the agency selected an alternativebalancing expected benefits against costs , time , and risks of failure .
to [check] that the agency selected an alternativebalancing expected benefits against costs , time , and risks of failure .

Verify that the economic analysis includes a sensitivity analysis to identify factors that affect the choice of one alternative over another .
[check] that the economic analysis includes a sensitivity analysis to identify factors that affect the choice of one alternative over another .

Verify that the magnitude of each vulnerability has been stated .
[check] that the magnitude of each vulnerability has been stated .

Verify that each alternative is evaluated forfinancial , technical , and schedule risks .
[check] that each alternative is evaluated forfinancial , technical , and schedule risks .

To verify that the agency has defined an effectiveAudit Objective strategy and plan for selecting a contractor and managing contract performance .
to [check] that the agency has defined an effectiveaudit objective strategy and plan for selecting a contractor and managing contract performance .

If the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment , verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions .
if the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment , [check] that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions .

If the plan calls for other than full and open competition , verify that restrictions on competition , such as make and model restrictions or sole source requirements , have been justified and approved by the designated authority .
if the plan calls for other than full and open competition , [check] that restrictions on competition , such as make and model restrictions or sole source requirements , have been justified and approved by the designated authority .

Audit Objectives To determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .
audit objectives to determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , [check] that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .

Review configuration management activities to verify that changes to requirements are recorded and controlled and that impacts of changes to contract requirements are identified .
review configuration management activities to [check] that changes to requirements are recorded and controlled and that impacts of changes to contract requirements are identified .

Review a sample of status and cost reports to verify that they are regularly submitted by the contractor as required by the contract .
review a sample of status and cost reports to [check] that they are regularly submitted by the contractor as required by the contract .

These plans should show how the agency will verify that the acquired equipment , software , or services meet user needs and satisfy security requirements .
these plans should show how the agency will [check] that the acquired equipment , software , or services meet user needs and satisfy security requirements .

Internal auditors may be required to verify that the equipment or software pass the specified tests .
internal auditors may be required to [check] that the equipment or software pass the specified tests .

Effectively carried out test and acceptanceprocedures to verify that the resources purchased meet the agency 's needs .
effectively carried out test and acceptanceprocedures to [check] that the resources purchased meet the agency 's needs .

GAO will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials ; obtaining copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations ' implementation ; and performing sufficient work to verify that the recommended actions are being taken and , to the extent possible , that the desired results are being achieved .
gao will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials ; obtaining copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations ' implementation ; and performing sufficient work to [check] that the recommended actions are being taken and , to the extent possible , that the desired results are being achieved .

One solution would be to conduct the case studies first in a set of sites chosen for representativeness and to verify the findings from the case study through targeted examination of Page 56 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations administrative data , prior reports , or a survey .
one solution would be to conduct the case studies first in a set of sites chosen for representativeness and to [check] the findings from the case study through targeted examination of page 56 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations administrative data , prior reports , or a survey .

Such a sequence could be quite Page 111 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations efficient , since the national survey would not be a fishing expedition but targeted to verify initial findings .
such a sequence could be quite page 111 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations efficient , since the national survey would not be a fishing expedition but targeted to [check] initial findings .

The purpose of the Self-Inspection process was to provide programs a means to verify , by reviewing a sample of cases , that their 1999 CSR data satisfies LSC 's standards for accuracy .
the purpose of the self-inspection process was to provide programs a means to [check] , by reviewing a sample of cases , that their 1999 csr data satisfies lsc 's standards for accuracy .

Chain-of-custody forms are reviewed to verify that samples were tested within allowable sample holding times ( Subsection 8.5.4 ) .
chain-of-custody forms are reviewed to [check] that samples were tested within allowable sample holding times ( subsection 8.5.4 ) .

In all cases ( flowchart recommended methods or alternate methods ) , reviewers should verify that the necessary assumptions are met for the statistical method used .
in all cases ( flowchart recommended methods or alternate methods ) , reviewers should [check] that the necessary assumptions are met for the statistical method used .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should [check] that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

The test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .
the test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to [check] that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .

Chain-of-custody forms are reviewed to verify that samples were tested within allowable sample holding times ( Subsection 8.5.4 ) .
chain-of-custody forms are reviewed to [check] that samples were tested within allowable sample holding times ( subsection 8.5.4 ) .

In all cases ( flowchart recommended methods or alternate methods ) , reviewers should verify that the necessary assumptions are met for the statistical method used .
in all cases ( flowchart recommended methods or alternate methods ) , reviewers should [check] that the necessary assumptions are met for the statistical method used .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should [check] that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

The test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to verify that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .
the test acceptability criteria , test conditions , concentration-response relationship , and test sensitivity of the reference toxicant test are reviewed to [check] that the reference toxicant test conducted was a valid test .

At this point , the government only has to enforce the emission limits , distribute allowances and verify that each facility has sufficient allowances for their annual emissions .
at this point , the government only has to enforce the emission limits , distribute allowances and [check] that each facility has sufficient allowances for their annual emissions .

To date , neither we nor the FBI have been able to verify Abdullah 's alleged jailhouse statements , despite investigative efforts .
to date , neither we nor the fbi have been able to [check] abdullah 's alleged jailhouse statements , despite investigative efforts .

After investigation , the FBI could find no information to support the hijack threat ; nor could it verify any arrests like those described in the report .
after investigation , the fbi could find no information to support the hijack threat ; nor could it [check] any arrests like those described in the report .

According to Binalshibh , Senguen visited Jarrah in order to verify that he actually was studying to become a pilot .
according to binalshibh , senguen visited jarrah in order to [check] that he actually was studying to become a pilot .

In some cases we have conducted our own interviews to supplement or verify the record .
in some cases we have conducted our own interviews to supplement or [check] the record .

Repeatedly between 10:14 and 10:19 , a lieutenant colonel at the White House relayed to the NMCC that the Vice President had confirmed fighters were cleared to engage inbound aircraft if they could verify that the aircraft was hijacked .
repeatedly between 10:14 and 10:19 , a lieutenant colonel at the white house relayed to the nmcc that the vice president had confirmed fighters were cleared to engage inbound aircraft if they could [check] that the aircraft was hijacked .

Imaging studies combined with training programs , such as the work at UW on face recognition , may one day be able to verify that behavioral interventions are effective at activating target brain areas .
imaging studies combined with training programs , such as the work at uw on face recognition , may one day be able to [check] that behavioral interventions are effective at activating target brain areas .

One of the major outstanding questions must be whether it is possible to verify these results experimentally .
one of the major outstanding questions must be whether it is possible to [check] these results experimentally .

They were required to have a magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomographic scan of the head and computed tomographic scans of the chest , abdomen , and pelvis showing no indication of disease within 4 wk of therapy to verify that they were clinically free of melanoma .
they were required to have a magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomographic scan of the head and computed tomographic scans of the chest , abdomen , and pelvis showing no indication of disease within 4 wk of therapy to [check] that they were clinically free of melanoma .

It is often used to verify microarray findings .
it is often used to [check] microarray findings .

Through your generous support you verify the importance of the Indianapolis Civic Theatre to the community it serves .
through your generous support you [check] the importance of the indianapolis civic theatre to the community it serves .

Through your generous gift you verify the importance of the Indianapolis Museum of Art to the community and to your life .
through your generous gift you [check] the importance of the indianapolis museum of art to the community and to your life .

They also report that in the meantime , about 2,000 airborne and ground-based allied inspectors -- including some American civilians and , say the LAT and NYT , some Russians -- will verify that Milosevic 's Serbian troops have indeed pulled back , allowing Albanians to return to their homes .
they also report that in the meantime , about 2,000 airborne and ground-based allied inspectors -- including some american civilians and , say the lat and nyt , some russians -- will [check] that milosevic 's serbian troops have indeed pulled back , allowing albanians to return to their homes .

We do n't list gifts that we ca n't verify .
we do n't list gifts that we ca n't [check] .

We could n't verify any amount , so this gift was not included in The Slate 60 , although it almost certainly would have qualified .
we could n't [check] any amount , so this gift was not included in the slate 60 , although it almost certainly would have qualified .

Mr. Gottlieb is a self-described student of econometrics , which our Webster 's defines as `` the use of mathematical and statistical methods in the field of economics to verify and develop economic theories . ''
mr. gottlieb is a self-described student of econometrics , which our webster 's defines as `` the use of mathematical and statistical methods in the field of economics to [check] and develop economic theories . ''

After a brief check to verify that The Gong Show is , in fact , no longer on the air , Keeping Tabs perused the Globe 's story about rhinestone cowboy Glen Campbell , who is shown `` relaxing in the comfy floral-pattern bedroom '' of his Phoenix , Ariz. , mansion .
after a brief check to [check] that the gong show is , in fact , no longer on the air , keeping tabs perused the globe 's story about rhinestone cowboy glen campbell , who is shown `` relaxing in the comfy floral-pattern bedroom '' of his phoenix , ariz. , mansion .

Nonetheless , each conning officer uses some common sense to verify the computer solutions with what is actually happening .
nonetheless , each conning officer uses some common sense to [check] the computer solutions with what is actually happening .

The idea here is , as Ronald Reagan once said , `` Trust but verify . ''
the idea here is , as ronald reagan once said , `` trust but [check] . ''

I have learned that I need to verify everything and that even the most reliable sources are occasionally wrong .
i have learned that i need to [check] everything and that even the most reliable sources are occasionally wrong .

Rule bending by individuals is probably penny ante stuff compared with the advantage taken by states and their agencies , upon whom FEMA 's tiny audit staff must rely to verify all but the largest grants .
rule bending by individuals is probably penny ante stuff compared with the advantage taken by states and their agencies , upon whom fema 's tiny audit staff must rely to [check] all but the largest grants .

The upshot of the camera tampering , according to USAT , is that the team leader ca n't verify that Iraq is not currently producing weapons of mass destruction .
the upshot of the camera tampering , according to usat , is that the team leader ca n't [check] that iraq is not currently producing weapons of mass destruction .

The authorities verify that your signature matches the one on your original registration form at the county courthouse and also record the digital identity of the computer from which you 've downloaded the form .
the authorities [check] that your signature matches the one on your original registration form at the county courthouse and also record the digital identity of the computer from which you 've downloaded the form .

Keeping this information separate means that election officials can verify that you voted without seeing how you voted .
keeping this information separate means that election officials can [check] that you voted without seeing how you voted .

To qualify for matching funds , campaigns must verify the addresses , phone numbers , signatures , and occupations of all donors -- and constructing this paper trail can be costly .
to qualify for matching funds , campaigns must [check] the addresses , phone numbers , signatures , and occupations of all donors -- and constructing this paper trail can be costly .

NYT Moscow bureau chief Michael Gordon reports from North Ossetia , a Russian republic west of Chechnya : `` It is impossible to verify either side 's claims since the Russian military has not taken reporters to Chechnya for three days . ''
nyt moscow bureau chief michael gordon reports from north ossetia , a russian republic west of chechnya : `` it is impossible to [check] either side 's claims since the russian military has not taken reporters to chechnya for three days . ''

As the parent of an only child , I can verify that people do behave that way .
as the parent of an only child , i can [check] that people do behave that way .

According to the company , voters will be able to verify their identity using their date of birth and a digital signature .
according to the company , voters will be able to [check] their identity using their date of birth and a digital signature .

This is one of the ways spammers verify that the address is live and may result in even more spam . ''
this is one of the ways spammers [check] that the address is live and may result in even more spam . ''

One of the Fed 's KYC innovations would have required banks to develop programs to verify the identities of new customers .
one of the fed 's kyc innovations would have required banks to develop programs to [check] the identities of new customers .

Moreover , since Chatterbox has already concluded that Clinton , being morally unfit to remain in office , should resign , he does n't really know how his political world view would change -- beyond , of course , concluding that Clinton was an even bigger creep than he thought -- in the unlikely event Chatterbox could verify Broaddrick 's story .
moreover , since chatterbox has already concluded that clinton , being morally unfit to remain in office , should resign , he does n't really know how his political world view would change -- beyond , of course , concluding that clinton was an even bigger creep than he thought -- in the unlikely event chatterbox could [check] broaddrick 's story .

Preparing a monolingual English dictionary , lexicographers who are native speakers of English may often turn to citations of usage in context to derive or verify senses of some words ; but for words whose meanings they already know , they can rely on their own knowledge and use citations for confirmation .
preparing a monolingual english dictionary , lexicographers who are native speakers of english may often turn to citations of usage in context to derive or [check] senses of some words ; but for words whose meanings they already know , they can rely on their own knowledge and use citations for confirmation .

This information he derived from The Nightjar Yesterday and Today , by Margaret Grainger and Richard Williamson ( West Sussex Institute of Higher Education , Bishop Otter College ) , a source I have been unable to verify .
this information he derived from the nightjar yesterday and today , by margaret grainger and richard williamson ( west sussex institute of higher education , bishop otter college ) , a source i have been unable to [check] .

One recalls the advice given by the aged Martin Joseph Routh ( 1755-1854 ) , President of Magdalen College , Oxford , to an undergraduate : “ Always verify your references , sir ! ” Check and double check .
one recalls the advice given by the aged martin joseph routh ( 1755-1854 ) , president of magdalen college , oxford , to an undergraduate : “ always [check] your references , sir ! ” check and double check .

President Routh , we read , advised an undergraduate , “ Always verify your references , sir ! ” A brief verifying of one 's references reveals that the wording here is again misquoted and , furthermore , that the recipient of the advice was almost certainly no longer an undergraduate .
president routh , we read , advised an undergraduate , “ always [check] your references , sir ! ” a brief verifying of one 's references reveals that the wording here is again misquoted and , furthermore , that the recipient of the advice was almost certainly no longer an undergraduate .

Presently he brightened up and said , “ I think , sir , since you care for the advice of an old man , sir , you will find it a very good practice ” ( here he looked me in the face ) “ always to verify your references , sir ! ”
presently he brightened up and said , “ i think , sir , since you care for the advice of an old man , sir , you will find it a very good practice ” ( here he looked me in the face ) “ always to [check] your references , sir ! ”

Fuckpig a disgusting person ( according to Partridge , it dates to the nineteenth century , a claim I 'd love to be able to verify ) is a winner , as is fuckwit a fool , fuckwitted stupid , and the absolutely delightful contestant from Bridget Jones ' Diary : fuckwittage stupidity .
fuckpig a disgusting person ( according to partridge , it dates to the nineteenth century , a claim i 'd love to be able to [check] ) is a winner , as is fuckwit a fool , fuckwitted stupid , and the absolutely delightful contestant from bridget jones ' diary : fuckwittage stupidity .

Using the same constituent-specifying numbers as above ( to make it easier to verify my analysis ) , I offer the following , which would disprove Lederer 's claim that eleven words is the minimum :
using the same constituent-specifying numbers as above ( to make it easier to [check] my analysis ) , i offer the following , which would disprove lederer 's claim that eleven words is the minimum :

Because events that never occurred are , naturally , not documented , it is almost impossible to verify that something did not take place .
because events that never occurred are , naturally , not documented , it is almost impossible to [check] that something did not take place .

