# confirm is also good

The synthesised female voice that responds to your commands and verifies that it has heard them correctly is amiable enough , though clearly not to be trifled with .
the synthesised female voice that responds to your commands and [checks] that it has heard them correctly is amiable enough , though clearly not to be trifled with .

The significance of this observation is the understanding that the very stability of matter itself depends upon , and verifies the presence of , an understanding sea of electro-magnetic energy of almost inconceivable magnitude , a vast reservoir of random energy that is universally present throughout space .
the significance of this observation is the understanding that the very stability of matter itself depends upon , and [checks] the presence of , an understanding sea of electro-magnetic energy of almost inconceivable magnitude , a vast reservoir of random energy that is universally present throughout space .

In addition , it verifies the influence of rehydration rate on germination of artificially dried seed .
in addition , it [checks] the influence of rehydration rate on germination of artificially dried seed .

The kind of testimony which makes sense of and verifies ‘ backs ’ is one involving its related activities .
the kind of testimony which makes sense of and [checks] ‘ backs ’ is one involving its related activities .

The certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .
the certifying officer , however , not only [checks] that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .

Presenting Conclusions and Recommendations model portrays a process in which an agency iteratively ( 1 ) determines its objectives , alternatives , and constraints ; ( 2 ) evaluates its alternatives and identifies and resolves risk issues ; ( 3 ) develops and verifies its next-level products ; and ( 4 ) plans its next phases .
presenting conclusions and recommendations model portrays a process in which an agency iteratively ( 1 ) determines its objectives , alternatives , and constraints ; ( 2 ) evaluates its alternatives and identifies and resolves risk issues ; ( 3 ) develops and [checks] its next-level products ; and ( 4 ) plans its next phases .

All of those currently being developed employ digital signature technology -- a cryptographic alternative to traditional signatures that identifies a document 's origin and verifies that it has n't been altered while being transmitted ( click here for a primer ) .
all of those currently being developed employ digital signature technology -- a cryptographic alternative to traditional signatures that identifies a document 's origin and [checks] that it has n't been altered while being transmitted ( click here for a primer ) .

