Yet somehow , when officers were prodded into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants , they would find neither Wright nor Olgivanna at home .
yet somehow , when officers were prodded into visiting taliesin to execute the [calls for] , they would find neither wright nor olgivanna at home .

It may be by bank loans , sale of notes or warrants , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants .
it may be by bank loans , sale of notes or [calls for] , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of [calls for] .

Since the strength of the Mexicans had been underrated , too small a posse had been collected , and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants , MacPherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw .
since the strength of the mexicans had been underrated , too small a posse had been collected , and since the deputy had not been provided with search [calls for] , macpherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw .

The sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed , according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr. I. P. George , and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman .
the sheriff and district attorney mills hastily swore out a number of [calls for] against men who had been riding about armed , according to signed statements by chavez and dr. i. p. george , and ordered deputy barney clark of raton to rescue the posseman .

We try and look at the risk to see if it warrants an extra premium .
we try and look at the risk to see if it [calls for] an extra premium .

It 's structure will comprise ordinary shares , with warrants attached on a one-for-five basis at an issue price of £1 a share .
it 's structure will comprise ordinary shares , with [calls for] attached on a one-for-five basis at an issue price of £1 a share .

The warrants will have an exercise price of £1 at the end of their nine-year life .
the [calls for] will have an exercise price of £1 at the end of their nine-year life .

City professionals are very familiar with the different responsibilities , opportunities and costs associated with futures and options and warrants .
city professionals are very familiar with the different responsibilities , opportunities and costs associated with futures and options and [calls for] .

‘ In 1989/90 , the last year of the rates , we got just over 1,800 distress warrants the equivalent of liability orders .
‘ in 1989/90 , the last year of the rates , we got just over 1,800 distress [calls for] the equivalent of liability orders .

Investment trusts can issue debentures and warrants as well as equity , and can retain capital gains from investments and retain other income if they so wish , whereas unit trusts can not .
investment trusts can issue debentures and [calls for] as well as equity , and can retain capital gains from investments and retain other income if they so wish , whereas unit trusts can not .

Warrants .
[calls for] .

Depository receipts for shares , bonds and warrants .
depository receipts for shares , bonds and [calls for] .

And you go at the speed that it warrants .
and you go at the speed that it [calls for] .

and because the Buckinary is so big and really warrants having a stag group over that neck of the woods
and because the buckinary is so big and really [calls for] having a stag group over that neck of the woods

The council has tried to collect the arrears by issuing final notices and summonses , and now holds distress warrants relating to the majority of accounts .
the council has tried to collect the arrears by issuing final notices and summonses , and now holds distress [calls for] relating to the majority of accounts .

She said it left the council no choice but to activate the distress warrants granted by the courts .
she said it left the council no choice but to activate the distress [calls for] granted by the courts .

The products , made by holders of Royal Warrants , are to be sold under the trade name the House of Windsor Collection , and the company behind the venture hopes to have an annual turnover of £70m by 1998 .
the products , made by holders of royal [calls for] , are to be sold under the trade name the house of windsor collection , and the company behind the venture hopes to have an annual turnover of £70m by 1998 .

This one dates from the introduction of warrants . It unscrews to reveal a space which held the warrant
this one dates from the introduction of [calls for] . it unscrews to reveal a space which held the warrant

Against those he meets now , Nafuth warrants maximum confidence .
against those he meets now , nafuth [calls for] maximum confidence .

To their credit , The Cherrys are more to do with cartoon frenzies than the slick professionalism which seemingly warrants a Spin front cover at the drop of a bobble hat , but it 's as hollow a victory as Linford Christie 's Olympic Gold in the absence of Carl Lewis .
to their credit , the cherrys are more to do with cartoon frenzies than the slick professionalism which seemingly [calls for] a spin front cover at the drop of a bobble hat , but it 's as hollow a victory as linford christie 's olympic gold in the absence of carl lewis .

One of the best known china shops in the world and holder of warrants to no less than nine royal houses before the First World War , the company commissioned and sold glass and china from different factories .
one of the best known china shops in the world and holder of [calls for] to no less than nine royal houses before the first world war , the company commissioned and sold glass and china from different factories .

Officers are planning to raid five addresses in London after applying for search warrants .
officers are planning to raid five addresses in london after applying for search [calls for] .

On top of that , you will note that there are seventeen outstanding warrants filed by various state and federal authorities against her .
on top of that , you will note that there are seventeen outstanding [calls for] filed by various state and federal authorities against her .

There must still be warrants out on her .
there must still be [calls for] out on her .

The second consequence of the failure to accord to walking the dominant role in urban transport that its trip share warrants , is that facilities for it are either absent or neglected .
the second consequence of the failure to accord to walking the dominant role in urban transport that its trip share [calls for] , is that facilities for it are either absent or neglected .

Intel Corp , Santa Clara has filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission for a public offering of five-year 1998 step-up warrants for 10m shares at a target $ 30 to $ 32 each .
intel corp , santa clara has filed with the securities & exchange commission for a public offering of five-year 1998 step-up [calls for] for 10m shares at a target $ 30 to $ 32 each .

For the first year , the warrants will be exercisable at a price about 20 % above the share price at the time of the offering .
for the first year , the [calls for] will be exercisable at a price about 20 % above the share price at the time of the offering .

Intel also filed a universal shelf registration of $ 3,000m , covering the sale of step-up warrants and the 10m shares of common issuable on exercise of the Warrants .
intel also filed a universal shelf registration of $ 3,000m , covering the sale of step-up [calls for] and the 10m shares of common issuable on exercise of the [calls for] .

After the warrants are issued , about $ 1,100m of the registration should be left for future securities offerings .
after the [calls for] are issued , about $ 1,100m of the registration should be left for future securities offerings .

Other indications for circumcision are less clear cut , but few would dispute that recurrent balanoposthitis warrants surgical treatment .
other indications for circumcision are less clear cut , but few would dispute that recurrent balanoposthitis [calls for] surgical treatment .

Apple Computer Inc filed a shelf registration with the Securities & Exchange Commission for up to $ 500m of debt securities , common stock and warrants and net proceeds will be used to increase working capital and possible financing of capital expenditures .
apple computer inc filed a shelf registration with the securities & exchange commission for up to $ 500m of debt securities , common stock and [calls for] and net proceeds will be used to increase working capital and possible financing of capital expenditures .

It raised hopes for a quick end to a 51-hour siege that began in a bloody shoot-out on Sunday morning as federal agents tried to serve arrest warrants on Koresh for firearms offences .
it raised hopes for a quick end to a 51-hour siege that began in a bloody shoot-out on sunday morning as federal agents tried to serve arrest [calls for] on koresh for firearms offences .

Both had supported the parents during the Children 's Hearing , and during the Appeal against the Place of Safety warrants .
both had supported the parents during the children 's hearing , and during the appeal against the place of safety [calls for] .

It is another remarkable landmark in an extraordinary career , taking place in a movie that really warrants the achievement .
it is another remarkable landmark in an extraordinary career , taking place in a movie that really [calls for] the achievement .

The Trader warrants that he is either the owner of the goods in any Consignment or is authorized by such owner to accept these Conditions on such owner 's behalf .
the trader [calls for] that he is either the owner of the goods in any consignment or is authorized by such owner to accept these conditions on such owner 's behalf .

To attempt defection would be to sign their death warrants , and no man could be expected to do that .
to attempt defection would be to sign their death [calls for] , and no man could be expected to do that .

He was forced to use the Sword Masters of Hoeth and other agents to seek out the devotees of the Cult of Pleasure and it was his unpleasant task to sign many death warrants .
he was forced to use the sword masters of hoeth and other agents to seek out the devotees of the cult of pleasure and it was his unpleasant task to sign many death [calls for] .

Those hoping to cash in on the warrants issued with their shares may find the free gift is now an expensive invitation to buy .
those hoping to cash in on the [calls for] issued with their shares may find the free gift is now an expensive invitation to buy .

The warrants , which give holders the right to more shares , have to be converted by November 15 , after which they expire .
the [calls for] , which give holders the right to more shares , have to be converted by november 15 , after which they expire .

For every 10 warrants held , you can subscribe to 1.1 Eurotunnel units , at a total cost of £4.57 .
for every 10 [calls for] held , you can subscribe to 1.1 eurotunnel units , at a total cost of £4.57 .

Unless the price soars to beat £4.57 in the next week , it 's not worth bothering with the warrants .
unless the price soars to beat £4.57 in the next week , it 's not worth bothering with the [calls for] .

It is not worth bothering trying to sell the warrants either , as they are currently trading at around ¼p each .
it is not worth bothering trying to sell the [calls for] either , as they are currently trading at around ¼p each .

Eurotunnel has around 24m warrants in issue and will net over Pounds 100m if they are all converted to shares .
eurotunnel has around 24m [calls for] in issue and will net over pounds 100m if they are all converted to shares .

We just thought you might okay one travel warrants .
we just thought you might okay one travel [calls for] .

’ Tight-lipped , the man stamped and initialled the three warrants , his eyes not leaving hers .
’ tight-lipped , the man stamped and initialled the three [calls for] , his eyes not leaving hers .

’ Vi picked up the three warrants , her mouth pursing with disapproval .
’ vi picked up the three [calls for] , her mouth pursing with disapproval .

’ Vi studied the warrants closely .
’ vi studied the [calls for] closely .

’ Vi handed back the warrants .
’ vi handed back the [calls for] .

Mike Atherton , meanwhile , has been told he will be resuming his opening partnership with Graham Gooch — as long as his form warrants it .
mike atherton , meanwhile , has been told he will be resuming his opening partnership with graham gooch — as long as his form [calls for] it .

Warrants :
[calls for] :

All instruments issued by reporting entities which are a means of raising finance , including shares , debentures , loans and debt instruments , options and warrants which give the holder the right to subscribe for or obtain capital instruments .
all instruments issued by reporting entities which are a means of raising finance , including shares , debentures , loans and debt instruments , options and [calls for] which give the holder the right to subscribe for or obtain capital instruments .

warrants issued to employees under employee share schemes ;
[calls for] issued to employees under employee share schemes ;

Shares and warrants should be accounted for as required by paragraphs 33-42 .
shares and [calls for] should be accounted for as required by paragraphs 33-42 .

Shares and warrants
shares and [calls for]

Shares and warrants should be reported as part of shareholders ' funds .
shares and [calls for] should be reported as part of shareholders ' funds .

The amount attributable to non-equity interests is the aggregate of amounts relating to all classes of non-equity shares and warrants for non-equity shares .
the amount attributable to non-equity interests is the aggregate of amounts relating to all classes of non-equity shares and [calls for] for non-equity shares .

Equity shares and warrants
equity shares and [calls for]

The net proceeds from the issue of equity shares and warrants for equity shares should be credited directly to shareholders ' funds .
the net proceeds from the issue of equity shares and [calls for] for equity shares should be credited directly to shareholders ' funds .

The amount attributed to equity shares or warrants should not be subsequently adjusted to reflect changes in the value of the shares or warrants .
the amount attributed to equity shares or [calls for] should not be subsequently adjusted to reflect changes in the value of the shares or [calls for] .

An analysis should be given of the total amount of non-equity interests in shareholders ' funds relating to each class of non-equity shares and series of warrants for non-equity shares .
an analysis should be given of the total amount of non-equity interests in shareholders ' funds relating to each class of non-equity shares and series of [calls for] for non-equity shares .

Where warrants or convertible debt are in issue which may require the company to issue shares of a class which is not currently in issue the information set out in paragraph 51 should be given in respect of that class .
where [calls for] or convertible debt are in issue which may require the company to issue shares of a class which is not currently in issue the information set out in paragraph 51 should be given in respect of that class .

The definition of capital instruments , given in paragraph 2 , includes all kinds of shares , debt instruments and options and warrants to obtain such instruments .
the definition of capital instruments , given in paragraph 2 , includes all kinds of shares , debt instruments and options and [calls for] to obtain such instruments .

On the other hand , if debt and warrants are issued simultaneously and the warrants can be cancelled or redeemed independently of the debt , the two components should be accounted for separately .
on the other hand , if debt and [calls for] are issued simultaneously and the [calls for] can be cancelled or redeemed independently of the debt , the two components should be accounted for separately .

Shares and warrants
shares and [calls for]

Debt issued with warrants
debt issued with [calls for]

Debt is sometimes issued with warrants .
debt is sometimes issued with [calls for] .

The warrants and the debt are capable of being cancelled or redeemed separately .
the [calls for] and the debt are capable of being cancelled or redeemed separately .

When a company issues warrants its only obligation is to issue shares at a fixed price , if so required by the holder .
when a company issues [calls for] its only obligation is to issue shares at a fixed price , if so required by the holder .

Another view of warrants is that , in substance , they are transactions with owners .
another view of [calls for] is that , in substance , they are transactions with owners .

Particular care needs to be exercised with securities such as convertibles and warrants .
particular care needs to be exercised with securities such as convertibles and [calls for] .

Many have complex option features , related not only to the share price — as with warrants and convertibles — but possibly to interest rates and/or foreign exchange rates if the instrument includes issuer call or investor put features .
many have complex option features , related not only to the share price — as with [calls for] and convertibles — but possibly to interest rates and/or foreign exchange rates if the instrument includes issuer call or investor put features .

Since these.are within my brief in this book , the issue warrants consideration here .
since these.are within my brief in this book , the issue [calls for] consideration here .

The Duke turned Friar in Measure for Measure cultivates at least two different prose-styles , a plain and business-like one for his benevolent deceptions , and that of a moralist disappointed with the world — a persona within which he can also rise to more serious denunciatory verse as the occasion warrants ( for verse within this prose role see III.ii .
the duke turned friar in measure for measure cultivates at least two different prose-styles , a plain and business-like one for his benevolent deceptions , and that of a moralist disappointed with the world — a persona within which he can also rise to more serious denunciatory verse as the occasion [calls for] ( for verse within this prose role see iii.ii .

But against that , a version of Hendrix 's ‘ Manic Depression ’ is a cerebral card trick which warrants polite applause and scant gut reaction .
but against that , a version of hendrix 's ‘ manic depression ’ is a cerebral card trick which [calls for] polite applause and scant gut reaction .

9.1.2 warrants its rights to disclose such information
9.1.2 [calls for] its rights to disclose such information

16.1 The Proprietor warrants that it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Proprietor 's own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to the facts are true .
16.1 the proprietor [calls for] that it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the proprietor 's own contributions to the work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to the facts are true .

warrants and represents that it is the true and lawful owner of all rights in the Work and the Converted Text of the Work as well as the Trade Marks and that such Work , Converted Text of the Work and Trade Marks do not and shall not infringe the rights of any third party and that is fully empowered to make this Agreement .
[calls for] and represents that it is the true and lawful owner of all rights in the work and the converted text of the work as well as the trade marks and that such work , converted text of the work and trade marks do not and shall not infringe the rights of any third party and that is fully empowered to make this agreement .

3.2 The Programmer warrants that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in Section 154 of the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , and that the Program will not reproduce any copyright matter not assigned in this Agreement .
3.2 the programmer [calls for] that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in section 154 of the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , and that the program will not reproduce any copyright matter not assigned in this agreement .

3.2 The Programmer warrants that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in Section 154 of the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , and that the Program will not reproduce any copyright matter not assigned in this Agreement .
3.2 the programmer [calls for] that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in section 154 of the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , and that the program will not reproduce any copyright matter not assigned in this agreement .

15.1 The Company warrants that :
15.1 the company [calls for] that :

3.1 The Author hereby warrants that the Publisher is the owner of the copyright in the Script and for the avoidance of doubt the Author hereby confirms the assignment to the Publisher of the copyright ( and future copyright ) arising in respect of the Script
3.1 the author hereby [calls for] that the publisher is the owner of the copyright in the script and for the avoidance of doubt the author hereby confirms the assignment to the publisher of the copyright ( and future copyright ) arising in respect of the script

3.1 The Author hereby warrants that the Publisher is the owner of the copyright in the Script and for the avoidance of doubt the Author hereby confirms the assignment to the Publisher of the copyright ( and future copyright ) arising in respect of the Script
3.1 the author hereby [calls for] that the publisher is the owner of the copyright in the script and for the avoidance of doubt the author hereby confirms the assignment to the publisher of the copyright ( and future copyright ) arising in respect of the script

Materials of this kind , and strategies to deal neatly with their storage , are typical of many ordinary well-equipped classrooms , but it is the emphasis on the visually handicapped child 's special need to learn to master the environment and locate and use the objects in it without too much difficulty that warrants attention .
materials of this kind , and strategies to deal neatly with their storage , are typical of many ordinary well-equipped classrooms , but it is the emphasis on the visually handicapped child 's special need to learn to master the environment and locate and use the objects in it without too much difficulty that [calls for] attention .

At the end of September 1991 , arrest warrants against army officers were issued in connection with the killings .
at the end of september 1991 , arrest [calls for] against army officers were issued in connection with the killings .

In the Captain 's office the Substitute snapped his briefcase shut and his registrar handed over the warrants that had been made out for Rudolfo , Scano 's boy and the gamekeeper .
in the captain 's office the substitute snapped his briefcase shut and his registrar handed over the [calls for] that had been made out for rudolfo , scano 's boy and the gamekeeper .

Thus , while the conferment of limited liability undoubtedly warrants the imposition of statutory safeguards to prevent its abuse , it does not provide an adequate foundation for a general right of intervention in corporate affairs , unrelated to creditor protection .
thus , while the conferment of limited liability undoubtedly [calls for] the imposition of statutory safeguards to prevent its abuse , it does not provide an adequate foundation for a general right of intervention in corporate affairs , unrelated to creditor protection .

He becomes , in effect , more willing to define cases as ‘ pollutions ’ since the agency has grounds for complaint only when an officer fails to take action in an instance which officially warrants it — not the other way round .
he becomes , in effect , more willing to define cases as ‘ pollutions ’ since the agency has grounds for complaint only when an officer fails to take action in an instance which officially [calls for] it — not the other way round .

Items indicated by Arabic numbers may be rearranged and adapted if the nature of the business warrants it , and headings for which there are nil balances in both the current and prior year should be omitted .
items indicated by arabic numbers may be rearranged and adapted if the nature of the business [calls for] it , and headings for which there are nil balances in both the current and prior year should be omitted .

If prosecutors , magistrates , judges and jurors were to proceed on an entirely sceptical footing , many fewer search and arrest warrants would be issued , fewer people would be prosecuted , even fewer would be committed to trial , and , of those tried , many more than at present would be acquitted .
if prosecutors , magistrates , judges and jurors were to proceed on an entirely sceptical footing , many fewer search and arrest [calls for] would be issued , fewer people would be prosecuted , even fewer would be committed to trial , and , of those tried , many more than at present would be acquitted .

The purpose of community intervention is not simply to observe but to ensure that treatment is sustained for those whose illness , in terms of either severity or nature , warrants this .
the purpose of community intervention is not simply to observe but to ensure that treatment is sustained for those whose illness , in terms of either severity or nature , [calls for] this .

Although its predictive value has not been proved , it warrants urgent evaluation .
although its predictive value has not been proved , it [calls for] urgent evaluation .

Authors ' reply , — We agree that umbilical cord clamping at preterm delivery warrants further study of large numbers of infants , including those delivered by caesarean section and those below 27 weeks ' gestation .
authors ' reply , — we agree that umbilical cord clamping at preterm delivery [calls for] further study of large numbers of infants , including those delivered by caesarean section and those below 27 weeks ' gestation .

In general , the more directly political approach argues that the manner in which the state may compensate for the misery of the periphery is crucial and warrants serious investigation since under certain circumstances it may be possible for state intervention to operate with beneficial , net long-term effects .
in general , the more directly political approach argues that the manner in which the state may compensate for the misery of the periphery is crucial and [calls for] serious investigation since under certain circumstances it may be possible for state intervention to operate with beneficial , net long-term effects .

Is the balance of questions and other kinds of utterance in primary classrooms right ? Should we not be more discriminating in our use of questions , statements and instructions , being prepared to tell or instruct if the occasion warrants ?
is the balance of questions and other kinds of utterance in primary classrooms right ? should we not be more discriminating in our use of questions , statements and instructions , being prepared to tell or instruct if the occasion [calls for] ?

He was frequently asked for advice on the royal gardens at Windsor and Osborne , and Suttons received the first of several royal warrants from Queen Victoria in 1858 .
he was frequently asked for advice on the royal gardens at windsor and osborne , and suttons received the first of several royal [calls for] from queen victoria in 1858 .

Hence shareholding and membership are not necessarily co-terminous if share warrants are issued .
hence shareholding and membership are not necessarily co-terminous if share [calls for] are issued .

Further , the broad experience of published accounting reports warrants the distinction being drawn .
further , the broad experience of published accounting reports [calls for] the distinction being drawn .

Suffice it to say that in any extended study of the martial arts it warrants closer examination .
suffice it to say that in any extended study of the martial arts it [calls for] closer examination .

The issue of warrants for Fhimah and al-Megrahi on 14 November 1991 was accompanied by a statement from President Bush 's spokesman , Marlin Fitzwater , insisting that Iran and Syria were not involved .
the issue of [calls for] for fhimah and al-megrahi on 14 november 1991 was accompanied by a statement from president bush 's spokesman , marlin fitzwater , insisting that iran and syria were not involved .

‘ The arrest warrants are unlikely to quell speculation that more than one country was involved , ’ wrote Alan Philps , diplomatic correspondent of the Daily Telegraph .
‘ the arrest [calls for] are unlikely to quell speculation that more than one country was involved , ’ wrote alan philps , diplomatic correspondent of the daily telegraph .

For in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .
for in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what [calls for] pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .

If the company has any securities convertible into or warrants or options to subscribe for , equity share capital then the buy-back must be sanctioned by extraordinary resolutions at separate class meetings of such holders .
if the company has any securities convertible into or [calls for] or options to subscribe for , equity share capital then the buy-back must be sanctioned by extraordinary resolutions at separate class meetings of such holders .

Warrants to subscribe
[calls for] to subscribe

Warrants to subscribe may be attractive to higher rate taxpayers who are looking for an opportunity for capital growth but without current income .
[calls for] to subscribe may be attractive to higher rate taxpayers who are looking for an opportunity for capital growth but without current income .

The advantage to the offeror is that the warrants cost nothing and , when they are exercised , the company receives the subscription moneys .
the advantage to the offeror is that the [calls for] cost nothing and , when they are exercised , the company receives the subscription moneys .

Subscription warrants may be issued as a package with other securities .
subscription [calls for] may be issued as a package with other securities .

For instance , if loan stock is issued with warrants when profits and share prices are rising , the exercise of the warrants will introduce further equity funds into the company whilst maintaining the higher gearing which the loan stock provides ( as distinct from convertible loan stock which has the effect of withdrawing the cheaper gearing on conversion into equity ) .
for instance , if loan stock is issued with [calls for] when profits and share prices are rising , the exercise of the [calls for] will introduce further equity funds into the company whilst maintaining the higher gearing which the loan stock provides ( as distinct from convertible loan stock which has the effect of withdrawing the cheaper gearing on conversion into equity ) .

7.1 Warranty re-convictions The Tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this Lease [ it ] has disclosed to the Landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the Tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the Tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the Insured Risks The landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .
7.1 warranty re-convictions the tenant [calls for] that prior to the execution of this lease [ it ] has disclosed to the landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the insured risks the landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .

In the case of warrants and derivative transactions ( including futures ) , the standard derivatives risk warning notice required by the rules ( see below ) must be provided .
in the case of [calls for] and derivative transactions ( including futures ) , the standard derivatives risk warning notice required by the rules ( see below ) must be provided .

Additionally , Rule 5 — 30 ( 2 ) requires that in respect of a warrant or derivative , before a firm : ( a ) recommends a transaction ; ( b ) arranges or executes a transaction ( even if it has not recommended it ) ; or ( c ) acts as a discretionary manager ; it must have sent the private customer a Warrants or Derivatives Risk Warning Notice and obtained a copy signed by the customer so that the firm is satisfied that the customer has had a proper opportunity to consider its terms .
additionally , rule 5 — 30 ( 2 ) requires that in respect of a warrant or derivative , before a firm : ( a ) recommends a transaction ; ( b ) arranges or executes a transaction ( even if it has not recommended it ) ; or ( c ) acts as a discretionary manager ; it must have sent the private customer a [calls for] or derivatives risk warning notice and obtained a copy signed by the customer so that the firm is satisfied that the customer has had a proper opportunity to consider its terms .

The actual language of the text , shaped by these constraints , warrants the interpretative/explanatory application of the categories that theorise the mental constraints that purportedly cause the language to take the shape it does .
the actual language of the text , shaped by these constraints , [calls for] the interpretative/explanatory application of the categories that theorise the mental constraints that purportedly cause the language to take the shape it does .

This need to manage elements of records through the operations of a whole host of third parties warrants a paper of its own and will not be further discussed here .
this need to manage elements of records through the operations of a whole host of third parties [calls for] a paper of its own and will not be further discussed here .

Suspension of warrants of execution
suspension of [calls for] of execution

There is general power to stay warrants of execution under s 88 of the 1984 Act .
there is general power to stay [calls for] of execution under s 88 of the 1984 act .

This includes `` foreign warrants `` ( s 103 ( 5 ) ) .
this includes `` foreign [calls for] `` ( s 103 ( 5 ) ) .

Order 25 , r 8 applies to suspension of warrants .
order 25 , r 8 applies to suspension of [calls for] .

( 1 ) In the case of an agreement made on 18 May , 1985 or earlier — The court has power to vary orders and suspend warrants for delivery of goods made under the Hire-Purchase Act 1965 pursuant to s 39 thereof where a suspended order was made .
( 1 ) in the case of an agreement made on 18 may , 1985 or earlier — the court has power to vary orders and suspend [calls for] for delivery of goods made under the hire-purchase act 1965 pursuant to s 39 thereof where a suspended order was made .

5.1 The Seller warrants that [ ( except in relation to intellectual property rights of third parties as referred to in Condition 5.3 ) ] the Seller has good title to the goods [ and that ( pursuant to s 12(3) of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 , or s 2(3) of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 , whichever Act applies to the Order ) it will transfer such title as it may have in the goods to the Purchaser pursuant to Condition 5.5 ] .
5.1 the seller [calls for] that [ ( except in relation to intellectual property rights of third parties as referred to in condition 5.3 ) ] the seller has good title to the goods [ and that ( pursuant to s 12(3) of the sale of goods act 1979 , or s 2(3) of the supply of goods and services act 1982 , whichever act applies to the order ) it will transfer such title as it may have in the goods to the purchaser pursuant to condition 5.5 ] .

[ 5.2 The Seller warrants that it is not aware of any actual or alleged infringements of any intellectual property rights of third parties which relate to the goods other than those ( if any ) which the Seller has disclosed to the Purchaser prior to acceptance of the Order . ]
[ 5.2 the seller [calls for] that it is not aware of any actual or alleged infringements of any intellectual property rights of third parties which relate to the goods other than those ( if any ) which the seller has disclosed to the purchaser prior to acceptance of the order . ]

Again , the liability depends upon the money or property in question being received in the ordinary course of the receiving partner 's activities within the firm and not upon any authority vested in himsee Willett v Chambers ( 1778 ) Cowp 814 ( misapplication of moneys received from a client for investment on mortgage , the client being billed in the name of the firm ) , Rhodes v Moules [ 1895 ] 1 Ch 236 ( partner absconding with bearer share warrants proffered by client as collateral security for a mortgage loan , where the firm was in the habit of receiving such securities from its clients ) and Blair v Bromley ( 1847 ) 12 Ph 354 ( misapplication of money by a partner who paid interest on it to the client , the fraud only coming to light on the partner 's bankruptcy .
again , the liability depends upon the money or property in question being received in the ordinary course of the receiving partner 's activities within the firm and not upon any authority vested in himsee willett v chambers ( 1778 ) cowp 814 ( misapplication of moneys received from a client for investment on mortgage , the client being billed in the name of the firm ) , rhodes v moules [ 1895 ] 1 ch 236 ( partner absconding with bearer share [calls for] proffered by client as collateral security for a mortgage loan , where the firm was in the habit of receiving such securities from its clients ) and blair v bromley ( 1847 ) 12 ph 354 ( misapplication of money by a partner who paid interest on it to the client , the fraud only coming to light on the partner 's bankruptcy .

Where the purchaser has commissioned an accountants ' report , it is normal practice to request that the vendor warrants the accuracy of the report .
where the purchaser has commissioned an accountants ' report , it is normal practice to request that the vendor [calls for] the accuracy of the report .

`` By appointment `` warrants awarded by the Prince of Wales will in future comply with a set of environmental criteria .
`` by appointment `` [calls for] awarded by the prince of wales will in future comply with a set of environmental criteria .

The first warrants awarded on this basis were to be announced at the end of 1992 .
the first [calls for] awarded on this basis were to be announced at the end of 1992 .

The Queen , Queen Mother and Duke of Edinburgh , who also issue warrants , have yet to follow the Prince 's lead .
the queen , queen mother and duke of edinburgh , who also issue [calls for] , have yet to follow the prince 's lead .

The agreement reached over the sequence of sentences ( h ) and ( b ) also warrants some comment .
the agreement reached over the sequence of sentences ( h ) and ( b ) also [calls for] some comment .

During the remainder of Richard 's short reign , Sir Edmond 's career prospered : royal warrants and letters patent conferred further honours and duties upon him .
during the remainder of richard 's short reign , sir edmond 's career prospered : royal [calls for] and letters patent conferred further honours and duties upon him .

The Privy Council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the Queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected Spanish invasion , telling its agents at the Hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the Queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the J.P.s of Bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a Cornish village despoiled by Spaniards , and writing to the Lord Mayor of London about a complaint against his predecessor .
the privy council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected spanish invasion , telling its agents at the hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various [calls for] , organizing the acquisition of copper for the queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the j.p.s of bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a cornish village despoiled by spaniards , and writing to the lord mayor of london about a complaint against his predecessor .

Such warrants might authorize single payments or a regular series ; and they could come either from Chancery or from the Privy Seal .
such [calls for] might authorize single payments or a regular series ; and they could come either from chancery or from the privy seal .

The flow of warrants and decisions can again be shown in a diagram .
the flow of [calls for] and decisions can again be shown in a diagram .

These great series of legal documents survived into and beyond the sixteenth century : letters patent , letters close , privy seal warrants , signet warrants , legal writs .
these great series of legal documents survived into and beyond the sixteenth century : letters patent , letters close , privy seal [calls for] , signet [calls for] , legal writs .

This depends on such a multitude of variables ( all of them tested empirically ) that it warrants a book on its own .
this depends on such a multitude of variables ( all of them tested empirically ) that it [calls for] a book on its own .

Warrants on shares rise and fall by approximately the same amount in pence as the share price , but by a much larger percentage of their trading price .
[calls for] on shares rise and fall by approximately the same amount in pence as the share price , but by a much larger percentage of their trading price .

The client who bought warrants often did n't understand what they were , although he would pretend to .
the client who bought [calls for] often did n't understand what they were , although he would pretend to .

The client would puzzle out an explanation later , if he got informed by letter of his right to exercise the warrants .
the client would puzzle out an explanation later , if he got informed by letter of his right to exercise the [calls for] .

By this stage , he who sold the client his warrants would probably have left the firm .
by this stage , he who sold the client his [calls for] would probably have left the firm .

If not , he would almost certainly be unwilling and unable to advise whether or how to exercise the warrants .
if not , he would almost certainly be unwilling and unable to advise whether or how to exercise the [calls for] .

Some owners of OTC-traded warrants claimed that they had never received anything written about exercising them at all .
some owners of otc-traded [calls for] claimed that they had never received anything written about exercising them at all .

Often clients of licensed dealers who were genuinely interested in options would be easily led into warrants .
often clients of licensed dealers who were genuinely interested in options would be easily led into [calls for] .

There were clients who continually pestered dealers about their warrants .
there were clients who continually pestered dealers about their [calls for] .

Warrants of further detention
[calls for] of further detention

Warrants authorising detention beyond 36 hours must be issued by two magistrates ( s.43 ) .
[calls for] authorising detention beyond 36 hours must be issued by two magistrates ( s.43 ) .

Search Warrants
search [calls for]

He is accompanied by a band of men , presumably armed , and bears arrest warrants from the High Priest .
he is accompanied by a band of men , presumably armed , and bears arrest [calls for] from the high priest .

At this point , it is worth digressing briefly into wholly speculative territory — territory which will yield no proof one way or the other , but warrants at least passing consideration .
at this point , it is worth digressing briefly into wholly speculative territory — territory which will yield no proof one way or the other , but [calls for] at least passing consideration .

But you have to ask yourself whether the amount of sound still entering your house warrants such extensive work and cost .
but you have to ask yourself whether the amount of sound still entering your house [calls for] such extensive work and cost .

Restrictive covenants , wayleaves , easements , licences , public and private rights of way and restrictions on resale are all covered by the Act , together with planning permissions , building warrants and other statutory provisions , including rates and taxes .
restrictive covenants , wayleaves , easements , licences , public and private rights of way and restrictions on resale are all covered by the act , together with planning permissions , building [calls for] and other statutory provisions , including rates and taxes .

Speaking after the hearing , investigating officer Pc Harry Sexton of Chelmsford Traffic Police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search warrants being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three vehicles .
speaking after the hearing , investigating officer pc harry sexton of chelmsford traffic police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search [calls for] being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three vehicles .

Speaking after the hearing , investigating officer Pc Harry Sexton of Chelmsford Traffic Police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search warrants being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three vehicles .
speaking after the hearing , investigating officer pc harry sexton of chelmsford traffic police revealed the men were caught after a three-month investigation which culminated in seven search [calls for] being executed simultaneously as 24 officers swooped on the three vehicles .

Would the Archbishop 's Summoner be following close behind with warrants for their arrest ?
would the archbishop 's summoner be following close behind with [calls for] for their arrest ?

Bureaucracy has come to have such enormous significance for government in communist states that some analysts claim that the whole political system warrants the epithet ‘ bureaucratic ’ .
bureaucracy has come to have such enormous significance for government in communist states that some analysts claim that the whole political system [calls for] the epithet ‘ bureaucratic ’ .

At these the jurors accused various officials , particularly those named in the complaint , of extortion , disseisin , forcible detention of goods and fabrication of warrants of arrest for the purpose of extorting money ( 42 ) .
at these the jurors accused various officials , particularly those named in the complaint , of extortion , disseisin , forcible detention of goods and fabrication of [calls for] of arrest for the purpose of extorting money ( 42 ) .

The question which warrants discussion is what the goods should be included in the accounts at as they are defective .
the question which [calls for] discussion is what the goods should be included in the accounts at as they are defective .

This is so common a reaction that it warrants a section on its own , even though reference to this was made in Chapter 5 .
this is so common a reaction that it [calls for] a section on its own , even though reference to this was made in chapter 5 .

There was treachery even in the executive branch of William 's government : as Paul Hopkins has shown , Jacobites received constant information from the secretaries ' clerks on warrants and charges against them , and the messengers who made arrests and detained prisoners were often not reliable .
there was treachery even in the executive branch of william 's government : as paul hopkins has shown , jacobites received constant information from the secretaries ' clerks on [calls for] and charges against them , and the messengers who made arrests and detained prisoners were often not reliable .

Meanwhile , largely due to the rise in the Japanese stock market over 1986-9 , bonds with equity warrants attached became an attractive means of finance for Japanese industrial companies .
meanwhile , largely due to the rise in the japanese stock market over 1986-9 , bonds with equity [calls for] attached became an attractive means of finance for japanese industrial companies .

However , the decline in the Tokyo stock market , which has rendered many warrants worthless , may seriously damage the market .
however , the decline in the tokyo stock market , which has rendered many [calls for] worthless , may seriously damage the market .

in straight bonds ) from markets ( such as equity warrants ) where they have market power .
in straight bonds ) from markets ( such as equity [calls for] ) where they have market power .

Often , the acquisition agreement requires that the seller warrants the ‘ correctness ’ of the financial statements to the purchaser .
often , the acquisition agreement requires that the seller [calls for] the ‘ correctness ’ of the financial statements to the purchaser .

Client undertakes and warrants that :
client undertakes and [calls for] that :

Possible compromise : Vendor warrants the factual content of the report .
possible compromise : vendor [calls for] the factual content of the report .

He 's an actor , he can be anything he wants , to anybody , just as the occasion warrants .
he 's an actor , he can be anything he wants , to anybody , just as the occasion [calls for] .

Do you consider that warrants praise ?
do you consider that [calls for] praise ?

‘ We have warrants , ’ one of the Frenchmen told him .
‘ we have [calls for] , ’ one of the frenchmen told him .

He riffled the other warrants and put them away .
he riffled the other [calls for] and put them away .

The Frenchman sorted his warrants .
the frenchman sorted his [calls for] .

‘ You can stuff those warrants right up the Corps commander 's bum .
‘ you can stuff those [calls for] right up the corps commander 's bum .

Although the increase in performance is relatively small , the difficulty of the recognition task warrants the extra cost — an increase in matrix storage and a slight increase in processing .
although the increase in performance is relatively small , the difficulty of the recognition task [calls for] the extra cost — an increase in matrix storage and a slight increase in processing .

Wolsey 's clerks drew up the necessary letters of accreditation , warrants and bills for the exchequer .
wolsey 's clerks drew up the necessary letters of accreditation , [calls for] and bills for the exchequer .

At the bottom of the argument about running state schools like a chain of McDonalds hamburger restaurants , handing out Big Mac gift vouchers to disadvantaged kids , is the issue of whether education is ultimately just a utilitarian service to the marketplace that can be understood in simple commercial language , or something more important and fundamental that warrants different treatment .
at the bottom of the argument about running state schools like a chain of mcdonalds hamburger restaurants , handing out big mac gift vouchers to disadvantaged kids , is the issue of whether education is ultimately just a utilitarian service to the marketplace that can be understood in simple commercial language , or something more important and fundamental that [calls for] different treatment .

Those warrants do not necessarily need to be served by the police .
those [calls for] do not necessarily need to be served by the police .

It would also be logical to know whether there are any outstanding warrants for the individual 's arrest .
it would also be logical to know whether there are any outstanding [calls for] for the individual 's arrest .

Will my hon. and learned Friend confirm that , apart from the political complexities , the matter is straightforward ? Two suspected murderers have had international arrest warrants issued against them and the Government 's intention is to pursue those arrest warrants . Will my right hon. Friend confirm to the House that there will be no secret deal and no secret negotiations , but that the international arrest warrants will be executed as soon as the opportunity arises ?
will my hon. and learned friend confirm that , apart from the political complexities , the matter is straightforward ? two suspected murderers have had international arrest [calls for] issued against them and the government 's intention is to pursue those arrest [calls for] . will my right hon. friend confirm to the house that there will be no secret deal and no secret negotiations , but that the international arrest [calls for] will be executed as soon as the opportunity arises ?

There is a prima facie case against two named individuals which is sufficiently strong to justify the issue of warrants .
there is a prima facie case against two named individuals which is sufficiently strong to justify the issue of [calls for] .

It is much more straightforward to have warrants set aside and negotiations entered into in the County Court whereas Magistrates Courts are usually unwilling to reconsider until a warrant has been returned to the court .
it is much more straightforward to have [calls for] set aside and negotiations entered into in the county court whereas magistrates courts are usually unwilling to reconsider until a warrant has been returned to the court .

Who would have thought that , as we enter the 21st century , 7.5 million people would have been served with warrants ?
who would have thought that , as we enter the 21st century , 7.5 million people would have been served with [calls for] ?

In Strathclyde alone , 1.25 million warrants have been issued ; many others have been issued in various constituencies .
in strathclyde alone , 1.25 million [calls for] have been issued ; many others have been issued in various constituencies .

Two thirds of the Scottish population have warrants out against them .
two thirds of the scottish population have [calls for] out against them .

Benjamin pulled one of Wolsey 's warrants from his pouch , one of those old letters written by the Cardinal so Benjamin could gain access to any place he wanted .
benjamin pulled one of wolsey 's [calls for] from his pouch , one of those old letters written by the cardinal so benjamin could gain access to any place he wanted .

Again Couville muttered to himself and wandered round his room checking other rolls and parchments and quarto-sized journals which contained an index of royal warrants and proclamations .
again couville muttered to himself and wandered round his room checking other rolls and parchments and quarto-sized journals which contained an index of royal [calls for] and proclamations .

‘ You have warrants , Sir ? ’
‘ you have [calls for] , sir ? ’

After 1765 lists of this kind were replaced by general warrants ordering the copying of all diplomatic correspondence passing through London .
after 1765 lists of this kind were replaced by general [calls for] ordering the copying of all diplomatic correspondence passing through london .

By the end of July at least 23 investigation or arrest warrants against businessmen and politicians had been issued in Venice and about 70 arrest warrants in Milan .
by the end of july at least 23 investigation or arrest [calls for] against businessmen and politicians had been issued in venice and about 70 arrest [calls for] in milan .

On June 6 the region issued warrants for the arrest of the Croatian Defence Minister and Interior Minister for their crimes against Serbs in Croatia .
on june 6 the region issued [calls for] for the arrest of the croatian defence minister and interior minister for their crimes against serbs in croatia .

The response of the security forces to the peaceful demonstrations had been generally restrained , but on July 23 , following several unsuccessful attempts by the opposition to take over government buildings and install its `` ministers `` in office , Ratsiraka declared a state of emergency , including a night-time curfew , and issued warrants for the arrest of opposition leaders .
the response of the security forces to the peaceful demonstrations had been generally restrained , but on july 23 , following several unsuccessful attempts by the opposition to take over government buildings and install its `` ministers `` in office , ratsiraka declared a state of emergency , including a night-time curfew , and issued [calls for] for the arrest of opposition leaders .

Execution warrants for March 7 were issued for two prisoners on death row , despite international calls for clemency .
execution [calls for] for march 7 were issued for two prisoners on death row , despite international calls for clemency .

There were no national or international arrest warrants , no extradition requests . ``
there were no national or international arrest [calls for] , no extradition requests . ``

Three people were arrested and warrants were issued for the arrest of other members of the group who were abroad .
three people were arrested and [calls for] were issued for the arrest of other members of the group who were abroad .

Arrest warrants for former guerrillas
arrest [calls for] for former guerrillas

The authorities took no immediate action to implement the arrest warrants , and Attorney General Carlos Gustavo Arrieta stated on May 22 that the Constitution and the law could not be used as `` instruments to promote retaliations which neither society nor its institutions needed `` .
the authorities took no immediate action to implement the arrest [calls for] , and attorney general carlos gustavo arrieta stated on may 22 that the constitution and the law could not be used as `` instruments to promote retaliations which neither society nor its institutions needed `` .

At the same time warrants of arrest were issued for a number of former ministers and other Ershad associates .
at the same time [calls for] of arrest were issued for a number of former ministers and other ershad associates .

The impasse had resulted in California having no budget for 65 days , during which time the state 's authorities had been forced to issue more than $ 3,000 million-worth of `` warrants `` ( IOUs ) in order to meet payroll and other contractual obligations .
the impasse had resulted in california having no budget for 65 days , during which time the state 's authorities had been forced to issue more than $ 3,000 million-worth of `` [calls for] `` ( ious ) in order to meet payroll and other contractual obligations .

In the final days of the crisis , financial institutions had begun to refuse to honour the warrants , thereby threatening to precipitate a widespread closure of state offices .
in the final days of the crisis , financial institutions had begun to refuse to honour the [calls for] , thereby threatening to precipitate a widespread closure of state offices .

Two civilian judges then separately issued arrest warrants on Oct. 2 against Garcete and Gen. Emilio Balbuena , commander of the third army corps , who had also been implicated by González Rojas in the car smuggling scandal .
two civilian judges then separately issued arrest [calls for] on oct. 2 against garcete and gen. emilio balbuena , commander of the third army corps , who had also been implicated by gonzález rojas in the car smuggling scandal .

Over 200 arrest warrants for suspected members of the Mafia , some of whom were already in prison , were issued in Sicily and other parts of the country on Nov. 17 ; a further 69 warrants were issued on Nov. 27 .
over 200 arrest [calls for] for suspected members of the mafia , some of whom were already in prison , were issued in sicily and other parts of the country on nov. 17 ; a further 69 [calls for] were issued on nov. 27 .

He also claimed that other Uzbek human rights activists had been arrested without warrants to prevent them attending the conference .
he also claimed that other uzbek human rights activists had been arrested without [calls for] to prevent them attending the conference .

However , since the notion of a continuum persists in the literature it warrants some further discussion .
however , since the notion of a continuum persists in the literature it [calls for] some further discussion .

The modern application of this doctrine lies in the use of police search warrants .
the modern application of this doctrine lies in the use of police search [calls for] .

( i ) To draw , make , accept , endorse , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , warrants , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .
( i ) to draw , make , accept , endorse , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , [calls for] , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .

( i ) To draw , make , accept , endorse , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , warrants , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .
( i ) to draw , make , accept , endorse , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , [calls for] , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .

Equally a flaunting parade of your new knowledge is not a good advertisement , when contacting members of the medical profession , even trained nurses ; do not seek to display your acquaintance with medical terms , although do not hesitate to put the case for Modern Embalming in technical language if the occasion warrants it .
equally a flaunting parade of your new knowledge is not a good advertisement , when contacting members of the medical profession , even trained nurses ; do not seek to display your acquaintance with medical terms , although do not hesitate to put the case for modern embalming in technical language if the occasion [calls for] it .

Dysphagia or , occasionally , more atypical complaints related to the upper gastrointestinal tract developing in young patients with a history of lymphoma warrants suspicion , even in the absence of specific symptoms , enlarged lymph nodes , or a long disease free interval .
dysphagia or , occasionally , more atypical complaints related to the upper gastrointestinal tract developing in young patients with a history of lymphoma [calls for] suspicion , even in the absence of specific symptoms , enlarged lymph nodes , or a long disease free interval .

Agrippa has blank warrants and letters from the Cardinal .
agrippa has blank [calls for] and letters from the cardinal .

Agrippa , although he objected at first , reluctantly consented to write out the warrants and disburse the necessary silver for our journeys .
agrippa , although he objected at first , reluctantly consented to write out the [calls for] and disburse the necessary silver for our journeys .

Benjamin pulled Wolsey 's warrants out of his wallet .
benjamin pulled wolsey 's [calls for] out of his wallet .

These warrants allow us to go wherever we wish .
these [calls for] allow us to go wherever we wish .

The weather improved and , although the roads were clogged with icy mud , we soon reached the Channel port where Benjamin used his warrants and his status to secure our passage home on a man-o'-war .
the weather improved and , although the roads were clogged with icy mud , we soon reached the channel port where benjamin used his [calls for] and his status to secure our passage home on a man-o'-war .

The analysis of convertible bonds and bonds with warrants is deferred until Chapter 9 .
the analysis of convertible bonds and bonds with [calls for] is deferred until chapter 9 .

Some bonds have option features attached to them : callable and puttable bonds are examples of this , as are convertible bonds ( bonds that can be converted into other types of bonds or into equity ) and bonds with warrants attached to them .
some bonds have option features attached to them : callable and puttable bonds are examples of this , as are convertible bonds ( bonds that can be converted into other types of bonds or into equity ) and bonds with [calls for] attached to them .

The earl also issued warrants for collecting the fines imposed at Forest Eyres : in 1638 a ‘ Messenger of His Majesty 's Chamber in Ordinary or his deputy ’ was ordered to take into custody those who refused to pay .
the earl also issued [calls for] for collecting the fines imposed at forest eyres : in 1638 a ‘ messenger of his majesty 's chamber in ordinary or his deputy ’ was ordered to take into custody those who refused to pay .

But many of the Forest fines were never paid , and others were reduced or evaded by claims to exemption , pardons or royal warrants .
but many of the forest fines were never paid , and others were reduced or evaded by claims to exemption , pardons or royal [calls for] .

Such behaviour warrants a smart kick back on his backside .
such behaviour [calls for] a smart kick back on his backside .

They do command a higher price , but the generally improved flavour , combined with an understanding of the increased effort required to produce the food , warrants the extra expenditure .
they do command a higher price , but the generally improved flavour , combined with an understanding of the increased effort required to produce the food , [calls for] the extra expenditure .

It has usually cost them less than 0.5 % to raise capital by issuing dollar-denominated warrants ( ie , Eurobonds with warrants that give the buyer the right to buy the shares at fixed prices in four or five years ' time ) in London and then using swaps to get the money back into yen .
it has usually cost them less than 0.5 % to raise capital by issuing dollar-denominated [calls for] ( ie , eurobonds with [calls for] that give the buyer the right to buy the shares at fixed prices in four or five years ' time ) in london and then using swaps to get the money back into yen .

Warrants on the wild side
[calls for] on the wild side

Japanese equity warrants were like junk bonds : mispriced , misleading and , for some issuers , mistaken
japanese equity [calls for] were like junk bonds : mispriced , misleading and , for some issuers , mistaken

As share prices rose , companies rushed to issue Eurobonds with warrants attached that were convertible into shares if the share reached a pre-fixed exercise price .
as share prices rose , companies rushed to issue eurobonds with [calls for] attached that were convertible into shares if the share reached a pre-fixed exercise price .

When the warrants are exercised , the issuer can use the proceeds to repay the bonds .
when the [calls for] are exercised , the issuer can use the proceeds to repay the bonds .

The crash of the Tokyo stockmarket during 1990 left a mountain of these warrants far below their exercise prices .
the crash of the tokyo stockmarket during 1990 left a mountain of these [calls for] far below their exercise prices .

According to Baring Securities , a prominent trader of warrants in Tokyo and London , there were $ 120.2 billion-worth of Japanese warrant bonds outstanding as of mid-February .
according to baring securities , a prominent trader of [calls for] in tokyo and london , there were $ 120.2 billion-worth of japanese warrant bonds outstanding as of mid-february .

At that time , when the Nikkei 225 index was trading at 26,230 , more than half by value of the warrants outstanding were more than 20 % ‘ out of the money ’ : in other words ( see table ) , they needed the issuers ' share prices to rise by at least that amount to reach the exercise price .
at that time , when the nikkei 225 index was trading at 26,230 , more than half by value of the [calls for] outstanding were more than 20 % ‘ out of the money ’ : in other words ( see table ) , they needed the issuers ' share prices to rise by at least that amount to reach the exercise price .

In practice , however , share prices would have to rise by a bit more to convince holders to convert warrants into shares , since by switching from bonds into equities they would be taking an extra risk .
in practice , however , share prices would have to rise by a bit more to convince holders to convert [calls for] into shares , since by switching from bonds into equities they would be taking an extra risk .

One is that the equity market , whether for warrants issues or straight equity , is more or less closed .
one is that the equity market , whether for [calls for] issues or straight equity , is more or less closed .

The second is that even if the stockmarket does eventually rise by enough to persuade holders to exercise the warrants , issuers will have to plan and to some extent act as if it will not .
the second is that even if the stockmarket does eventually rise by enough to persuade holders to exercise the [calls for] , issuers will have to plan and to some extent act as if it will not .

When they do so , the refinancing will cost far more than the warrant yields originally suggested — around 8–10 % , at current interest rates , rather than the 3–5 % or less on the warrants .
when they do so , the refinancing will cost far more than the warrant yields originally suggested — around 8–10 % , at current interest rates , rather than the 3–5 % or less on the [calls for] .

But like America 's junk bonds , Japan 's warrants were mispriced .
but like america 's junk bonds , japan 's [calls for] were mispriced .

The long trend of the 1980s has come to an end , along with the crash of the Tokyo stockmarket in 1990 and the collapse of warrants .
the long trend of the 1980s has come to an end , along with the crash of the tokyo stockmarket in 1990 and the collapse of [calls for] .

Just under 50 per cent will be available for the individual investor if demand warrants .
just under 50 per cent will be available for the individual investor if demand [calls for] .

At two Best Western hotels , the Ivy House at Marlborough and the Spa at Tunbridge Wells , they propose to bide time with theme weekends on structuring a portfolio and sorting out options and warrants .
at two best western hotels , the ivy house at marlborough and the spa at tunbridge wells , they propose to bide time with theme weekends on structuring a portfolio and sorting out options and [calls for] .

It has baulked , however , at changes to Young 's recent convertible preference share issue and an issue of warrants which benefit the institutions and directors .
it has baulked , however , at changes to young 's recent convertible preference share issue and an issue of [calls for] which benefit the institutions and directors .

Companies must refinance £20 billion of warrants and bonds this year convertible into equities at prices way above today 's , nearly £50 billion next year and £24 billion in 1994 .
companies must refinance £20 billion of [calls for] and bonds this year convertible into equities at prices way above today 's , nearly £50 billion next year and £24 billion in 1994 .

Mr Sommer also believes the basic offence of entering a computer will be virtually unenforceable , partly because of lack of police manpower and partly because arrest warrants for this less serious offence will involve applying to a magistrate .
mr sommer also believes the basic offence of entering a computer will be virtually unenforceable , partly because of lack of police manpower and partly because arrest [calls for] for this less serious offence will involve applying to a magistrate .

No other equipment in the running wardrobe warrants the same kind of loyalty or devotion .
no other equipment in the running wardrobe [calls for] the same kind of loyalty or devotion .

If it is listed , then it has been officially recognized by a qualified historic building inspector as being of special interest ; it has statutory protection and , in the words of the government circular , ‘ warrants every effort being made to preserve it ’ .
if it is listed , then it has been officially recognized by a qualified historic building inspector as being of special interest ; it has statutory protection and , in the words of the government circular , ‘ [calls for] every effort being made to preserve it ’ .

He also proposes a one-for-10 bonus issue of warrants to subscribe for shares at 185p .
he also proposes a one-for-10 bonus issue of [calls for] to subscribe for shares at 185p .

Whether or not one agrees with Oakeshott 's position , it represents a sophisticated defence of the imperfectionist argument for a ‘ limited politics ’ , and it certainly warrants more consideration than Honderich provides .
whether or not one agrees with oakeshott 's position , it represents a sophisticated defence of the imperfectionist argument for a ‘ limited politics ’ , and it certainly [calls for] more consideration than honderich provides .

It we further remark the way sexual difference is oft en presented within psychoanalysis as unavoidable and ineluctably fraught with pain , so much so in some cases that it warrants description as a tragic ontology , it becomes tempting to dismiss it as an expression of existential Angst suitably dressed in pretentious intellectual rigour and elegant abstraction , and , as such ( some might add ) , the epitome of psychoanalysis itself .
it we further remark the way sexual difference is oft en presented within psychoanalysis as unavoidable and ineluctably fraught with pain , so much so in some cases that it [calls for] description as a tragic ontology , it becomes tempting to dismiss it as an expression of existential angst suitably dressed in pretentious intellectual rigour and elegant abstraction , and , as such ( some might add ) , the epitome of psychoanalysis itself .

‘ They gave us all railway warrants back to our homes .
‘ they gave us all railway [calls for] back to our homes .

Punters who bought ‘ put ’ warrants on Salomon Brothers water basket , giving the right to sell one share in each of Anglian Water , North West Water , Severn Trent and Thames Water , launched in mid-February , are now formally ‘ in the money ’ .
punters who bought ‘ put ’ [calls for] on salomon brothers water basket , giving the right to sell one share in each of anglian water , north west water , severn trent and thames water , launched in mid-february , are now formally ‘ in the money ’ .

The 270 courts issued two million summonses , 1.3 million warrants and 180,000 divorce petitions last year .
the 270 courts issued two million summonses , 1.3 million [calls for] and 180,000 divorce petitions last year .

The impact of other legal requirements relating to the curriculum also warrants mention here .
the impact of other legal requirements relating to the curriculum also [calls for] mention here .

So far as the grounds for issuing such warrants were concerned , these were first for the detection of serious crime , and , secondly , for safeguarding the security of the state .
so far as the grounds for issuing such [calls for] were concerned , these were first for the detection of serious crime , and , secondly , for safeguarding the security of the state .

So far as the security of the state was concerned , two principles were stated to govern the granting of warrants .
so far as the security of the state was concerned , two principles were stated to govern the granting of [calls for] .

Interception in practice So warrants could be issued only on very limited grounds : either for major subversive or espionage activities , or for the detection of really serious crime .
interception in practice so [calls for] could be issued only on very limited grounds : either for major subversive or espionage activities , or for the detection of really serious crime .

Quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .
quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general [calls for] ; the [calls for] would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .

The statute — which authorizes interception on grounds of national security without defining what is meant by national security — is clearly much wider than the old Home Office guidelines — which authorized warrants on the narrower grounds of ‘ major subversive or espionage activity ’ .
the statute — which authorizes interception on grounds of national security without defining what is meant by national security — is clearly much wider than the old home office guidelines — which authorized [calls for] on the narrower grounds of ‘ major subversive or espionage activity ’ .

But although the first ground for the granting of warrants is , as drafted , the most troubling , the second ( for preventing or detecting serious crime ) is also a cause for concern .
but although the first ground for the granting of [calls for] is , as drafted , the most troubling , the second ( for preventing or detecting serious crime ) is also a cause for concern .

In contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the Act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by Dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of English law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( Dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .
in contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the act authorizes [calls for] to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of english law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .

Despite criticisms voiced by the Post Office Engineering Union ( 1980 ) it is still the case that warrants are to be issued under the hand of the Home Secretary rather than a judge , there apparently being no concern that a major invasion of privacy can take place by executive act without the need for any judicial approval or authorization , as is required in other democracies .
despite criticisms voiced by the post office engineering union ( 1980 ) it is still the case that [calls for] are to be issued under the hand of the home secretary rather than a judge , there apparently being no concern that a major invasion of privacy can take place by executive act without the need for any judicial approval or authorization , as is required in other democracies .

In view of the sheer volume of interception warrants , and in view of the sheer volume of the Home Secretary 's other duties , it seems unlikely that his personal involvement can seriously be seen as an effective means of control .
in view of the sheer volume of interception [calls for] , and in view of the sheer volume of the home secretary 's other duties , it seems unlikely that his personal involvement can seriously be seen as an effective means of control .

As a result effective safeguards must be found in the statutory restrictions on the grant of warrants .
as a result effective safeguards must be found in the statutory restrictions on the grant of [calls for] .

The first relates to the extraordinarily wide scope of the warrants .
the first relates to the extraordinarily wide scope of the [calls for] .

The second area for concern relates to the duration of warrants .
the second area for concern relates to the duration of [calls for] .

Although it is true that warrants must be for a fixed period and may not be open-ended , the period in question is a relatively long one and may exceed the purposes for which the warrant is initially granted .
although it is true that [calls for] must be for a fixed period and may not be open-ended , the period in question is a relatively long one and may exceed the purposes for which the warrant is initially granted .

But what is more troubling than the initial rigid fixed term is the fact that warrants may be renewed for longer periods still .
but what is more troubling than the initial rigid fixed term is the fact that [calls for] may be renewed for longer periods still .

It is true that warrants to the police in criminal investigations may be renewed only for one month .
it is true that [calls for] to the police in criminal investigations may be renewed only for one month .

But it is also true that warrants to the security services may be renewed for six months at a time .
but it is also true that [calls for] to the security services may be renewed for six months at a time .

In particular , the statute does not incorporate the review procedures whereby the Home Secretary reviewed police warrants every month and security warrants every six months .
in particular , the statute does not incorporate the review procedures whereby the home secretary reviewed police [calls for] every month and security [calls for] every six months .

But more significant omissions relate to the removal of the qualification for granting warrants which were claimed to operate under the pre-statutory arrangements .
but more significant omissions relate to the removal of the qualification for granting [calls for] which were claimed to operate under the pre-statutory arrangements .

For security warrants , there had to be evidence of major subversive or espionage activity .
for security [calls for] , there had to be evidence of major subversive or espionage activity .

For police warrants , normal methods of investigation must have been tried and failed and there must have been good reason to believe that interception would result in a conviction .
for police [calls for] , normal methods of investigation must have been tried and failed and there must have been good reason to believe that interception would result in a conviction .

Although the courts do not refuse in principle to review the exercise of police discretionary powers , they do nevertheless exercise a great deal of caution and restraint to such a degree that it is difficult to see how in practice the principles of judicial review are capable of being used to challenge decisions to issue warrants where these are considered to be necessary for the prevention or detection of crime .
although the courts do not refuse in principle to review the exercise of police discretionary powers , they do nevertheless exercise a great deal of caution and restraint to such a degree that it is difficult to see how in practice the principles of judicial review are capable of being used to challenge decisions to issue [calls for] where these are considered to be necessary for the prevention or detection of crime .

The published part of the first report amounted to only twelve pages ( Lloyd , 1987 ) ( with an appendix of one page giving details of the number of warrants issued by the Home Office and the Scottish
the published part of the first report amounted to only twelve pages ( lloyd , 1987 ) ( with an appendix of one page giving details of the number of [calls for] issued by the home office and the scottish

The reports of the Commissioner provide some information about the number of warrants in force albeit that they are incomplete .
the reports of the commissioner provide some information about the number of [calls for] in force albeit that they are incomplete .

In 1987 the Home Secretary was responsible for 223 telecommunications warrants and 71 letters warrants .
in 1987 the home secretary was responsible for 223 telecommunications [calls for] and 71 letters [calls for] .

For the most part , however , the procedures were given a clean bill of health , with the Commissioner examining warrants drawn at random , but also examining all new warrants issued on grounds of subversion .
for the most part , however , the procedures were given a clean bill of health , with the commissioner examining [calls for] drawn at random , but also examining all new [calls for] issued on grounds of subversion .

‘ Applying that test , and bearing in mind that there are persons on the fringes of subversion that may make it difficult to draw the line ’ , the Commissioner has been satisfied that the Home Secretaries ' warrants have always been justified .
‘ applying that test , and bearing in mind that there are persons on the fringes of subversion that may make it difficult to draw the line ’ , the commissioner has been satisfied that the home secretaries ' [calls for] have always been justified .

In his second report , the Commissioner wrote that the confidential part of his report discussed individual warrants which called for comment and also some examples of recent operations .
in his second report , the commissioner wrote that the confidential part of his report discussed individual [calls for] which called for comment and also some examples of recent operations .

The Commissioner also accepted assurances by the five Secretaries of State involved that they never issue warrants without a careful review of the papers and a proper consideration of the matters which they are required to consider and take into account under the Act .
the commissioner also accepted assurances by the five secretaries of state involved that they never issue [calls for] without a careful review of the papers and a proper consideration of the matters which they are required to consider and take into account under the act .

Is there anything different about present-day technological developments which warrants the kind of concern it seems to attract ( and warrants this paper ! )
is there anything different about present-day technological developments which [calls for] the kind of concern it seems to attract ( and [calls for] this paper ! )

This would be a system of ad hoc law which would suggest that each novel situation warrants the creation of a new rule .
this would be a system of ad hoc law which would suggest that each novel situation [calls for] the creation of a new rule .

The role played by consent in the criminal law warrants careful examination .
the role played by consent in the criminal law [calls for] careful examination .

The police had warrants to look for evidence of unlawful drinking and to search five houses for petrol bombs , although no evidence of either was found .
the police had [calls for] to look for evidence of unlawful drinking and to search five houses for petrol bombs , although no evidence of either was found .

When applicants respond to an advertisement they should be sent an application form to fill in unless the initial letter was so poor that it warrants an immediate rejection .
when applicants respond to an advertisement they should be sent an application form to fill in unless the initial letter was so poor that it [calls for] an immediate rejection .

The card signifies our regard for you as an important customer who warrants priority attention at our service station .
the card signifies our regard for you as an important customer who [calls for] priority attention at our service station .

One other matter of priority perhaps warrants discussion .
one other matter of priority perhaps [calls for] discussion .

Another area which warrants attention is that of short loan collections in universities .
another area which [calls for] attention is that of short loan collections in universities .

Waiting in the court were two officers with extradition warrants in case the couple were set free .
waiting in the court were two officers with extradition [calls for] in case the couple were set free .

In the artillery , veterinary surgeons served on warrants issued by the Master General of the Ordnance , receiving the right to commissions in 1805 when Thomas Peall ( who qualified in London in 1796 ) and others addressed the Commander-in-Chief about this anomaly .
in the artillery , veterinary surgeons served on [calls for] issued by the master general of the ordnance , receiving the right to commissions in 1805 when thomas peall ( who qualified in london in 1796 ) and others addressed the commander-in-chief about this anomaly .

In 1987 county courts issued 160,000 warrants of execution but only in 2,882 cases were goods actually seized and sold .
in 1987 county courts issued 160,000 [calls for] of execution but only in 2,882 cases were goods actually seized and sold .

It is also important to decide whether the particular issue warrants bringing out all the big guns .
it is also important to decide whether the particular issue [calls for] bringing out all the big guns .

We bear warrants from the Council of Guardians of Scotland and yet you ignore us .
we bear [calls for] from the council of guardians of scotland and yet you ignore us .

But in societies where infants are exclusively breast-fed from birth and in contact with their non-allergic , non-food-bingeing , non-smoking mothers , ‘ colic ’ is unknown and infant crying is seen as a sign of distress , which warrants immediate attention .
but in societies where infants are exclusively breast-fed from birth and in contact with their non-allergic , non-food-bingeing , non-smoking mothers , ‘ colic ’ is unknown and infant crying is seen as a sign of distress , which [calls for] immediate attention .

Still , at least one feature of textile markets warrants attention in their relations to apparel .
still , at least one feature of textile markets [calls for] attention in their relations to apparel .

In one of the sheds you will find a small and poignant exhibition of historical documents which includes death warrants and pictures of leading members of the German resistance .
in one of the sheds you will find a small and poignant exhibition of historical documents which includes death [calls for] and pictures of leading members of the german resistance .

This sends a powerful message to potential new recruits that the position is important enough to the organization that it warrants senior executive attention .
this sends a powerful message to potential new recruits that the position is important enough to the organization that it [calls for] senior executive attention .

Warrants for currently unavailable special and trust fund receipts are issued when requirements for their availability have been met .
[calls for] for currently unavailable special and trust fund receipts are issued when requirements for their availability have been met .

Indeed , the number of FISA warrants in effect in the summer of 2001 may well have been less than it was at the beginning of the year .
indeed , the number of fisa [calls for] in effect in the summer of 2001 may well have been less than it was at the beginning of the year .

Criminal search warrants must be approved by Department of Justice attorneys before submission to the court .
criminal search [calls for] must be approved by department of justice attorneys before submission to the court .

For criminal matters , it could apply for and use traditional criminal warrants .
for criminal matters , it could apply for and use traditional criminal [calls for] .

It worried that because of the numerous prior consultations between FBI agents and prosecutors , the judge might rule that the FISA warrants had been misused .
it worried that because of the numerous prior consultations between fbi agents and prosecutors , the judge might rule that the fisa [calls for] had been misused .

Later in this story , we will learn that while the NSA had the technical capability to report on communications with suspected terrorist facilities in the Middle East , the NSA did not seek FISA Court warrants to collect communications between individuals in the United States and foreign countries , because it believed that this was an FBI role .
later in this story , we will learn that while the nsa had the technical capability to report on communications with suspected terrorist facilities in the middle east , the nsa did not seek fisa court [calls for] to collect communications between individuals in the united states and foreign countries , because it believed that this was an fbi role .

Lines of operational authority run to the expanding executive departments , and they are guarded for understandable reasons : the DCI commands the CIA 's personnel overseas ; the secretary of defense will not yield to others in conveying commands to military forces ; the Justice Department will not give up the responsibility of deciding whether to seek arrest warrants .
lines of operational authority run to the expanding executive departments , and they are guarded for understandable reasons : the dci commands the cia 's personnel overseas ; the secretary of defense will not yield to others in conveying commands to military forces ; the justice department will not give up the responsibility of deciding whether to seek arrest [calls for] .

The INS agent on duty ran the passport through a variety of databases but , since it was not in Ressam 's name , he did not pick up the pending Canadian arrest warrants .
the ins agent on duty ran the passport through a variety of databases but , since it was not in ressam 's name , he did not pick up the pending canadian arrest [calls for] .

Preventing the proliferation of these weapons warrants a maximum effort-by strengthening counterproliferation efforts , expanding the Proliferation Security Initiative , and supporting the Cooperative Threat Reduction program .
preventing the proliferation of these weapons [calls for] a maximum effort-by strengthening counterproliferation efforts , expanding the proliferation security initiative , and supporting the cooperative threat reduction program .

This theological approach warrants valorizing or stigmatizing people as “ saved ” or “ sinner , ” “ pure ” or “ impure , ” “ us ” or “ them , ” and it strengthens the broader social stratifications within which stigma flourishes .
this theological approach [calls for] valorizing or stigmatizing people as “ saved ” or “ sinner , ” “ pure ” or “ impure , ” “ us ” or “ them , ” and it strengthens the broader social stratifications within which stigma flourishes .

While teaching respect for all through a more just society , these interventions will help people who are stigmatized to critique unjust societal dynamics and challenge assumptions and warrants of privilege .
while teaching respect for all through a more just society , these interventions will help people who are stigmatized to critique unjust societal dynamics and challenge assumptions and [calls for] of privilege .

In the wake of declarations supporting open access to research literature from international bodies including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) and the United Nations ' World Summit on the Information Society ( WSIS ) , advocates and critics of the movement appear to have agreed that the issue warrants a robust , ongoing dialogue—a development undoubtedly in the interest of the scientific community , regardless of its ultimate outcome .
in the wake of declarations supporting open access to research literature from international bodies including the organization for economic cooperation and development ( oecd ) and the united nations ' world summit on the information society ( wsis ) , advocates and critics of the movement appear to have agreed that the issue [calls for] a robust , ongoing dialogue—a development undoubtedly in the interest of the scientific community , regardless of its ultimate outcome .

She identifies herself to the guard , who examines her ID , runs her name through a computer ( to check for outstanding warrants ) , and logs her in a database .
she identifies herself to the guard , who examines her id , runs her name through a computer ( to check for outstanding [calls for] ) , and logs her in a database .

He had been apprehended in June by INS agents for trying to enter the U.S. illegally , but had then been released , allegedly because the agents had no information on his record or his warrants .
he had been apprehended in june by ins agents for trying to enter the u.s. illegally , but had then been released , allegedly because the agents had no information on his record or his [calls for] .

The point here remains sound -- the two-party system , perhaps the most stupid political structure ever conceived , is dead if you can convince people that Bush is a leftist and Clinton can still pass himself off as a liberal after pushing through NAFTA , GATT , and that rancid welfare-reform bill -- not to mention signing countless death warrants as governor of Arkansas .
the point here remains sound -- the two-party system , perhaps the most stupid political structure ever conceived , is dead if you can convince people that bush is a leftist and clinton can still pass himself off as a liberal after pushing through nafta , gatt , and that rancid welfare-reform bill -- not to mention signing countless death [calls for] as governor of arkansas .

It 's true , you imagine that George Quincy is getting good sex -- he certainly appears relaxed for a guy who signs more death warrants for his state 's citizens in a day than I drink cups of coffee -- but one wonders whether it 's with his wife .
it 's true , you imagine that george quincy is getting good sex -- he certainly appears relaxed for a guy who signs more death [calls for] for his state 's citizens in a day than i drink cups of coffee -- but one wonders whether it 's with his wife .

Indeed , ever since the FISA Court was established in 1978 to approve secret warrants for surveillance of suspected spies , Justice has won approval for all its 8,827 surveillance requests .
indeed , ever since the fisa court was established in 1978 to approve secret [calls for] for surveillance of suspected spies , justice has won approval for all its 8,827 surveillance requests .

Besides his proposals to abolish virtually all exclusionary rules and require criminal defendants to testify against themselves in pretrial depositions , he would limit search warrants to the point of virtual disuse and , with them , the requirement of probable cause .
besides his proposals to abolish virtually all exclusionary rules and require criminal defendants to testify against themselves in pretrial depositions , he would limit search [calls for] to the point of virtual disuse and , with them , the requirement of probable cause .

Let 's leave aside Helms ' factual errors ( he 's about the search warrants ) and look at his basic paradox : that the treaty is too tough , yet not tough enough .
let 's leave aside helms ' factual errors ( he 's about the search [calls for] ) and look at his basic paradox : that the treaty is too tough , yet not tough enough .

Other evidence , of course , warrants skepticism about Jones ' account , including the claim by Jones ' trooper escort that she happily volunteered to be Clinton 's `` girlfriend '' just after leaving his hotel room .
other evidence , of course , [calls for] skepticism about jones ' account , including the claim by jones ' trooper escort that she happily volunteered to be clinton 's `` girlfriend '' just after leaving his hotel room .

The trend is now reaching critical mass , a threshold that warrants a rethinking of America 's stance toward the world .
the trend is now reaching critical mass , a threshold that [calls for] a rethinking of america 's stance toward the world .

Ever since Seymour Hersh 's book came out detailing the raw side of Jack Kennedy and the dark side of Camelot , I 've been wondering what JFK did in today 's context that warrants an eternal flame at Arlington National Cemetery .
ever since seymour hersh 's book came out detailing the raw side of jack kennedy and the dark side of camelot , i 've been wondering what jfk did in today 's context that [calls for] an eternal flame at arlington national cemetery .

You are being Molière than thou -- far more dramatic than the situation warrants .
you are being molière than thou -- far more dramatic than the situation [calls for] .

Thus , if a U.S. court rules a search is unconstitutional , the inspectors will be forced to obtain warrants .
thus , if a u.s. court rules a search is unconstitutional , the inspectors will be forced to obtain [calls for] .

Dictionary of Pseudonyms and Their Origins , with Stories of Name Changes Originally published in 1981 by Routledge as Naming Names , Stories of Pseudonyms and Name Changes , with a Who 's Who , the author 's Introduction warrants this new edition to be “ more readable , more comprehensive and more orderly ” in addition to being updated .
dictionary of pseudonyms and their origins , with stories of name changes originally published in 1981 by routledge as naming names , stories of pseudonyms and name changes , with a who 's who , the author 's introduction [calls for] this new edition to be “ more readable , more comprehensive and more orderly ” in addition to being updated .

