Quakers , some from New England , had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have warranted .
quakers , some from new england , had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have [called for] .

procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably exceeds anything warranted by established psychological theory .
procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably exceeds anything [called for] by established psychological theory .

I would like to believe that my ability warranted this advancement .
i would like to believe that my ability [called for] this advancement .

Durham County Council has given assurances that a close watch will be kept on the parking situation , especially at the weekends and if it was warranted , yellow lines would be placed down the west side of Lakeside .
durham county council has given assurances that a close watch will be kept on the parking situation , especially at the weekends and if it was [called for] , yellow lines would be placed down the west side of lakeside .

‘ The reporter ought to have more say on issues generally safeguarding children 's interests and a much more specific remit in cases where further investigations seem warranted .
‘ the reporter ought to have more say on issues generally safeguarding children 's interests and a much more specific remit in cases where further investigations seem [called for] .

Stock prices may be subject to ‘ speculative bubbles ’ whereby the actual price drifts away from the price warranted on fundamental grounds .
stock prices may be subject to ‘ speculative bubbles ’ whereby the actual price drifts away from the price [called for] on fundamental grounds .

Surely Co Armagh 's quarter final victory over favourites Slovakia warranted more than two lines in the middle of a Rangers match report .
surely co armagh 's quarter final victory over favourites slovakia [called for] more than two lines in the middle of a rangers match report .

Relative to what their size warranted and depending on which type of offence was examined , the oil-refining industry committed crimes at a rate five to nine times higher than would be expected , the motor industry three to seven times , and the pharmaceutical industry was four to six times as criminal as would be predicted .
relative to what their size [called for] and depending on which type of offence was examined , the oil-refining industry committed crimes at a rate five to nine times higher than would be expected , the motor industry three to seven times , and the pharmaceutical industry was four to six times as criminal as would be predicted .

In the case of a by-election , the issue of a writ by the Speaker is warranted by the House of Commons on a motion to that effect .
in the case of a by-election , the issue of a writ by the speaker is [called for] by the house of commons on a motion to that effect .

All items approved ( and the Government usually gets its way on everything ) must eventually find their way into an Appropriation Act , by which Parliament authorises expenditure and which its watchdog , the Comptroller and Auditor General , uses as his guide in determining whether or not a particular item of expenditure is warranted .
all items approved ( and the government usually gets its way on everything ) must eventually find their way into an appropriation act , by which parliament authorises expenditure and which its watchdog , the comptroller and auditor general , uses as his guide in determining whether or not a particular item of expenditure is [called for] .

In the first three years of the experiment not a single pedestrian was injured seriously enough while crossing the road to feel that it warranted reporting .
in the first three years of the experiment not a single pedestrian was injured seriously enough while crossing the road to feel that it [called for] reporting .

Their joint contribution would have warranted a commemorative book , had not one by chance bearing their names already been recently released .
their joint contribution would have [called for] a commemorative book , had not one by chance bearing their names already been recently released .

At one point he answered simply ‘ no , ’ with no further explanation where , in fact , one might have been warranted .
at one point he answered simply ‘ no , ’ with no further explanation where , in fact , one might have been [called for] .

Moreover , they usually lay the blame where it is not warranted .
moreover , they usually lay the blame where it is not [called for] .

If investors assume that the expected level of demand will be lower than the so-called equilibrium position ( the position that yields what economists term ‘ warranted growth ’ ) then the level of savings in the economy will exceed investment , and therefore demand will be lower than expected .
if investors assume that the expected level of demand will be lower than the so-called equilibrium position ( the position that yields what economists term ‘ [called for] growth ’ ) then the level of savings in the economy will exceed investment , and therefore demand will be lower than expected .

Though a number of economists have made further assumptions about the behaviour of the economy — principally , that firms will substitute labour for capital if there is unemployment ( because in those circumstances real wages will fall ) — which remove some of the apparent instabilities , others have concluded that the instability still occurs because the actual rate of investment may still not necessarily coincide with the warranted rate of growth for full employment .
though a number of economists have made further assumptions about the behaviour of the economy — principally , that firms will substitute labour for capital if there is unemployment ( because in those circumstances real wages will fall ) — which remove some of the apparent instabilities , others have concluded that the instability still occurs because the actual rate of investment may still not necessarily coincide with the [called for] rate of growth for full employment .

This is an additional reason for management to create an even more elaborate division of labour than might be warranted from mere technical considerations of the tasks to be done .
this is an additional reason for management to create an even more elaborate division of labour than might be [called for] from mere technical considerations of the tasks to be done .

It was not a casual departure which warranted little attention .
it was not a casual departure which [called for] little attention .

Where warranted , take the opportunity of adding a payment reminder note to your statement .
where [called for] , take the opportunity of adding a payment reminder note to your statement .

One might , however , still argue that this work , and novels like it , merely ape social science conventions : that , whereas sociologists actually have research designs , cite data and distinguish between warranted and more tentative conclusions , novels are simply works of fiction , mere simulacra of the real thing .
one might , however , still argue that this work , and novels like it , merely ape social science conventions : that , whereas sociologists actually have research designs , cite data and distinguish between [called for] and more tentative conclusions , novels are simply works of fiction , mere simulacra of the real thing .

Ludo 's brief romance with an English girl was so run-of-the-mill that it hardly warranted mention at dinner parties , let alone gossip .
ludo 's brief romance with an english girl was so run-of-the-mill that it hardly [called for] mention at dinner parties , let alone gossip .

‘ We 've warranted better results and when the first one went in you could see the confidence .
‘ we 've [called for] better results and when the first one went in you could see the confidence .

54th minute : Tottenham 's Neil Ruddock will also spend the festive season on the sidelines after a rough challenge on Parlour , which also warranted a yellow card .
54th minute : tottenham 's neil ruddock will also spend the festive season on the sidelines after a rough challenge on parlour , which also [called for] a yellow card .

It would not have warranted summoning all district society presidents to London for a brief meeting , but the value gained from these was particularly significant .
it would not have [called for] summoning all district society presidents to london for a brief meeting , but the value gained from these was particularly significant .

The third way in which reliability might be breached is when , by judicious presentational techniques , a graph gives a more , or less , flattering view than is warranted by the underlying data .
the third way in which reliability might be breached is when , by judicious presentational techniques , a graph gives a more , or less , flattering view than is [called for] by the underlying data .

The criterion for the complainant , and then the judicial officials , was the amount of punishment which the crime warranted .
the criterion for the complainant , and then the judicial officials , was the amount of punishment which the crime [called for] .

Now we may wish to assume that an accuracy order is the same as an acquisitional order , but such an assumption is not warranted by the evidence , it is based on the speculation that language learners will reveal what they know , that their performance will be a reflection of their competence .
now we may wish to assume that an accuracy order is the same as an acquisitional order , but such an assumption is not [called for] by the evidence , it is based on the speculation that language learners will reveal what they know , that their performance will be a reflection of their competence .

The crucial point is that such expressions should be warranted by conceptual and communicative purposes recognized as having point in classroom activity .
the crucial point is that such expressions should be [called for] by conceptual and communicative purposes recognized as having point in classroom activity .

And if a chapter on women and managers warranted the inclusion of an additional female contributor , why did the authors not include a chapter by People First on users ' views ?
and if a chapter on women and managers [called for] the inclusion of an additional female contributor , why did the authors not include a chapter by people first on users ' views ?

More importantly , it puts them there for indeterminate periods ( until they are ‘ cured ’ ) which can , and does , mean longer than would be warranted by retributive justice ( determined by the gravity of their offence ) .
more importantly , it puts them there for indeterminate periods ( until they are ‘ cured ’ ) which can , and does , mean longer than would be [called for] by retributive justice ( determined by the gravity of their offence ) .

The second step in my attempt to show that an affirmative answer to the question , ‘ Are there logical conditions of something 's looking blue to someone ? ’ is warranted , is to identify perceived-as appearances with would-be beliefs .
the second step in my attempt to show that an affirmative answer to the question , ‘ are there logical conditions of something 's looking blue to someone ? ’ is [called for] , is to identify perceived-as appearances with would-be beliefs .

At the trial state prosecutors argued that subversion charges were warranted because the defendant had sought ‘ to give a wrong picture of the facts in East Timor to prove that the Indonesian Government did not respect human rights in the province ’ .
at the trial state prosecutors argued that subversion charges were [called for] because the defendant had sought ‘ to give a wrong picture of the facts in east timor to prove that the indonesian government did not respect human rights in the province ’ .

Table 3.23 below shows that the unskilled and the semi-skilled manual workers made up a higher proportion of those receiving sickness or invalidity benefit than their size as a population group warranted ; the opposite was the case for the non-manual workers ; while the skilled manual workers ’ position as beneficiaries reflected their size as a group among the general population .
table 3.23 below shows that the unskilled and the semi-skilled manual workers made up a higher proportion of those receiving sickness or invalidity benefit than their size as a population group [called for] ; the opposite was the case for the non-manual workers ; while the skilled manual workers ’ position as beneficiaries reflected their size as a group among the general population .

It is clear from the above examples ( and from many others ) that we have to describe the speech community in depth and in its own is to say , our conclusions about phonological structure must be accountable to , and ‘ warranted ’ by , the data .
it is clear from the above examples ( and from many others ) that we have to describe the speech community in depth and in its own is to say , our conclusions about phonological structure must be accountable to , and ‘ [called for] ’ by , the data .

The officer must indeed be prepared to sustain his attempts at persuasiveness over a long period of time , a matter which can pose problems , for he must be able to sense when a less conciliatory performance is warranted and a show of force , however discreet , would be appropriate .
the officer must indeed be prepared to sustain his attempts at persuasiveness over a long period of time , a matter which can pose problems , for he must be able to sense when a less conciliatory performance is [called for] and a show of force , however discreet , would be appropriate .

The field man 's vulnerability to criticism from his superiors has implications for his decisions as to the circumstances in which action on his part is warranted .
the field man 's vulnerability to criticism from his superiors has implications for his decisions as to the circumstances in which action on his part is [called for] .

The authority with which police results are invested by the legal regulation of police procedures is not necessarily warranted .
the authority with which police results are invested by the legal regulation of police procedures is not necessarily [called for] .

Even if such a sweeping conclusion is not warranted , retributivists should be strongly critical of many aspects of our penal system , not least the lack of consistency in sentencing practices ( see Chapter 4 ) which means that offenders are to a great extent not dealt with in proportion to their just deserts .
even if such a sweeping conclusion is not [called for] , retributivists should be strongly critical of many aspects of our penal system , not least the lack of consistency in sentencing practices ( see chapter 4 ) which means that offenders are to a great extent not dealt with in proportion to their just deserts .

If Dr De Melker feels that a watch and wait policy is warranted , how long should that period be ?
if dr de melker feels that a watch and wait policy is [called for] , how long should that period be ?

The effort entailed and the disruption caused by screening the families of probands would not be warranted unless high risk patients could be identified and then effectively treated .
the effort entailed and the disruption caused by screening the families of probands would not be [called for] unless high risk patients could be identified and then effectively treated .

‘ Trespassers against the venison ’ warranted heavy fines or imprisonment — or worse .
‘ trespassers against the venison ’ [called for] heavy fines or imprisonment — or worse .

‘ an act not warranted by law or an omission to discharge a legal duty , which act or omission obstructs or causes inconvenience or damage to the public in the exercise of rights common to all His Majesty 's subjects .
‘ an act not [called for] by law or an omission to discharge a legal duty , which act or omission obstructs or causes inconvenience or damage to the public in the exercise of rights common to all his majesty 's subjects .

‘ The respondents were charged more than is warranted by the statute .
‘ the respondents were charged more than is [called for] by the statute .

But at least it warranted a retort .
but at least it [called for] a retort .

First , it is pointed out that the Labour and Conservative Parties secure seats in the Commons in numbers far larger than warranted by their voting strength in the country .
first , it is pointed out that the labour and conservative parties secure seats in the commons in numbers far larger than [called for] by their voting strength in the country .

Before examining the subsequent development of natural justice , some examination of the background theory which justifies procedural rights is warranted .
before examining the subsequent development of natural justice , some examination of the background theory which justifies procedural rights is [called for] .

Two comments on the courts ' approach are warranted here .
two comments on the courts ' approach are [called for] here .

It is unlikely that the presence of the higher hurdle will prevent reviewing courts from quashing a decision should they feel that this is warranted .
it is unlikely that the presence of the higher hurdle will prevent reviewing courts from quashing a decision should they feel that this is [called for] .

Three comments on extensive review are warranted .
three comments on extensive review are [called for] .

She determined from the start never to introduce new products unless they were really warranted , and she has stuck to this resolution in the face of increasingly fierce competition .
she determined from the start never to introduce new products unless they were really [called for] , and she has stuck to this resolution in the face of increasingly fierce competition .

For an offence of such relative insignificance , the mental element is one of considerable complexity , and possibly places a greater onus on the prosecutor than is warranted . To begin with , section 6(4) provides :
for an offence of such relative insignificance , the mental element is one of considerable complexity , and possibly places a greater onus on the prosecutor than is [called for] . to begin with , section 6(4) provides :

’ As will he presently discussed , this enlarges the notion of obstruction further than is warranted .
’ as will he presently discussed , this enlarges the notion of obstruction further than is [called for] .

However , when a full assessment of either a service user and/or the carer is deemed to be warranted , the procedures and the outcome of the assessment process must embody a number of key characteristics .
however , when a full assessment of either a service user and/or the carer is deemed to be [called for] , the procedures and the outcome of the assessment process must embody a number of key characteristics .

In Nichol v Godts ( 1854 ) 10 Exch 191 , a sale of `` foreign refined rape oil , warranted only equal to samples `` was held to be a sale by description so that a seller could not deliver something which , although equal to sample , could not match the contract description .
in nichol v godts ( 1854 ) 10 exch 191 , a sale of `` foreign refined rape oil , [called for] only equal to samples `` was held to be a sale by description so that a seller could not deliver something which , although equal to sample , could not match the contract description .

The problems at Anpetuwi probably had n't warranted his taking a trip to Canada , but several thousand miles of rough , cold ocean between him and Sandra Bamfield had been too tempting to resist .
the problems at anpetuwi probably had n't [called for] his taking a trip to canada , but several thousand miles of rough , cold ocean between him and sandra bamfield had been too tempting to resist .

For Keynesians , persistently high unemployment rates are an indication that the labour market is not clearing , that there is chronic excess supply in the labour market , and that some action by the monetary and fiscal authorities may eventually be warranted .
for keynesians , persistently high unemployment rates are an indication that the labour market is not clearing , that there is chronic excess supply in the labour market , and that some action by the monetary and fiscal authorities may eventually be [called for] .

Thus the lawyers ' input is limited , but the investors may require questionnaires to be completed and warranted by management , to flush out any past problems .
thus the lawyers ' input is limited , but the investors may require questionnaires to be completed and [called for] by management , to flush out any past problems .

If consent is needed any purported transfer by the vendor may be a repudiatory breach of that contract by the vendor exposing the vendor to a claim for damages from its customer and possibly a claim by the purchaser against the vendor if the customer treats the contract as terminated particularly if the vendor warranted that no consents were needed .
if consent is needed any purported transfer by the vendor may be a repudiatory breach of that contract by the vendor exposing the vendor to a claim for damages from its customer and possibly a claim by the purchaser against the vendor if the customer treats the contract as terminated particularly if the vendor [called for] that no consents were needed .

While Tikhii said that the effect of radiation on animals was not necessarily an indication of the likely effects on humans , he claimed that the results warranted detailed investigation .
while tikhii said that the effect of radiation on animals was not necessarily an indication of the likely effects on humans , he claimed that the results [called for] detailed investigation .

The difficulty is that the assumptions on which it is based are to say the least shaky : the assumptions , namely , that only one vote suffices although more than one candidate is to be elected ; that preferential voting is reliable , even when used in ignorance of all the relevant information and inhibited by the arbitrary exclusion of candidates who might otherwise be successful ; that it is reasonable to grant to some votes the privilege of being transferred , and to lower-preference votes the possibility of exercising greater influence than is warranted by their very definition ; that it is reasonable also to give to all transferred votes the same weighting as to original votes ; and that election by quota is sensible even if the quotas are manifestly make-believe .
the difficulty is that the assumptions on which it is based are to say the least shaky : the assumptions , namely , that only one vote suffices although more than one candidate is to be elected ; that preferential voting is reliable , even when used in ignorance of all the relevant information and inhibited by the arbitrary exclusion of candidates who might otherwise be successful ; that it is reasonable to grant to some votes the privilege of being transferred , and to lower-preference votes the possibility of exercising greater influence than is [called for] by their very definition ; that it is reasonable also to give to all transferred votes the same weighting as to original votes ; and that election by quota is sensible even if the quotas are manifestly make-believe .

John Stuart Mill 's definition of the limits of law to curtail individual freedom laid down a simple principle : ‘ that the sole end for which mankind are warranted , individually or collectively , in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number , is self-protection .
john stuart mill 's definition of the limits of law to curtail individual freedom laid down a simple principle : ‘ that the sole end for which mankind are [called for] , individually or collectively , in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number , is self-protection .

At the end of the day , an individual observer could conclude that the various costs of regulation exceeded the benefits and that therefore regulation should be abandoned , but such a conclusion , if warranted at all , is not warranted without a great deal of analysis .
at the end of the day , an individual observer could conclude that the various costs of regulation exceeded the benefits and that therefore regulation should be abandoned , but such a conclusion , if [called for] at all , is not [called for] without a great deal of analysis .

Although annuities and major office remained in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal warranted by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .
although annuities and major office remained in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal [called for] by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .

During the middle ages the most important records were at least in some degree legal instruments : whether they transferred land , appointed men to office , warranted expenditure , acquitted revenue officers of their charge , or summoned litigants to court , they conveyed some kind of legally valid authority .
during the middle ages the most important records were at least in some degree legal instruments : whether they transferred land , appointed men to office , [called for] expenditure , acquitted revenue officers of their charge , or summoned litigants to court , they conveyed some kind of legally valid authority .

In practice , of course , we would not do so unless we thought the commercial circumstances warranted it .
in practice , of course , we would not do so unless we thought the commercial circumstances [called for] it .

Similarly , if the employees feel industrial action is warranted , they will not tolerate nonconformists , because nonconformists weaken the group 's position .
similarly , if the employees feel industrial action is [called for] , they will not tolerate nonconformists , because nonconformists weaken the group 's position .

But is such confidence in the Diet warranted ?
but is such confidence in the diet [called for] ?

Mr Rusk replied that the inference that the United States had decided to abandon the Republic of Korea to its enemies was scarcely warranted in the light of the substantial material aid and political support which we had furnished and were furnishing to that Republic .
mr rusk replied that the inference that the united states had decided to abandon the republic of korea to its enemies was scarcely [called for] in the light of the substantial material aid and political support which we had furnished and were furnishing to that republic .

Raymond Streat , chairman of the British Cotton Board , noted in his diary that apprehension in Lancashire was warranted , ‘ … for the Japanese low cost producer can sweep us off our feet , no matter how efficient we might become ’ .
raymond streat , chairman of the british cotton board , noted in his diary that apprehension in lancashire was [called for] , ‘ … for the japanese low cost producer can sweep us off our feet , no matter how efficient we might become ’ .

Moreover , the economic outlook for the company hardly warranted no dividend payments , as Sir Humphrey made clear in his chairman 's statement last November : ‘ There is a degree of optimism for the 1991 year in the expectation that the negative effects of the economy may be offset and minimised by the advancements being implemented in many areas of our business ’ .
moreover , the economic outlook for the company hardly [called for] no dividend payments , as sir humphrey made clear in his chairman 's statement last november : ‘ there is a degree of optimism for the 1991 year in the expectation that the negative effects of the economy may be offset and minimised by the advancements being implemented in many areas of our business ’ .

In that case the simplification is warranted because it encapsulates a truth about what is going on .
in that case the simplification is [called for] because it encapsulates a truth about what is going on .

Moreover , of course , the case for occupational family allowances and child tax allowances has always gained in strength from the existence of differential birth rates , the argument being that the more prosperous parents warranted special encouragement ( e.g .
moreover , of course , the case for occupational family allowances and child tax allowances has always gained in strength from the existence of differential birth rates , the argument being that the more prosperous parents [called for] special encouragement ( e.g .

Newmarket Magistrates told Youds he came close to being disqualified for a speeding offence which warranted a six unit fine .
newmarket magistrates told youds he came close to being disqualified for a speeding offence which [called for] a six unit fine .

Although annuities and major office remained in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal warranted by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .
although annuities and major office remained in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal [called for] by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .

In the long run , if the rate of growth of the money supply set by the authorities outstrips that warranted by the ‘ natural ’ rate of growth of the economy , the result is inflation ; hence the call for a ‘ monetary rule ’ .
in the long run , if the rate of growth of the money supply set by the authorities outstrips that [called for] by the ‘ natural ’ rate of growth of the economy , the result is inflation ; hence the call for a ‘ monetary rule ’ .

But Malaya 's value as a dollar earner ( in 1950 it was responsible for one-quarter of the Sterling Area 's dollar earnings ) warranted some sacrifice of British influence and pride .
but malaya 's value as a dollar earner ( in 1950 it was responsible for one-quarter of the sterling area 's dollar earnings ) [called for] some sacrifice of british influence and pride .

In these circumstances the British were able to exert more influence over the development of defence thinking than their physical strength strictly warranted .
in these circumstances the british were able to exert more influence over the development of defence thinking than their physical strength strictly [called for] .

By occasioning the promulgation of this revised version of Official Nationality , the first generation of Ukrainian cultural activists acquired an importance far greater than their numbers warranted .
by occasioning the promulgation of this revised version of official nationality , the first generation of ukrainian cultural activists acquired an importance far greater than their numbers [called for] .

Whilst an anonymous approach is accepted practice , the purchaser should be advised of the negative features of this approach so that it can consider whether its need for initial anonymity is warranted .
whilst an anonymous approach is accepted practice , the purchaser should be advised of the negative features of this approach so that it can consider whether its need for initial anonymity is [called for] .

Definition of profits ( if warranted ) or if price is based on profits or future profits . In particular : —
definition of profits ( if [called for] ) or if price is based on profits or future profits . in particular : —

Are there warranties over accuracy or fairness of previous , disclosed , accounts ? If some companies are incorporated in ( for example ) Spain , Italy , Germany or Finland which set of accounts are to be warranted : the legal ( tax-based ) accounts or the internal management ( business-based ) accounts ?
are there warranties over accuracy or fairness of previous , disclosed , accounts ? if some companies are incorporated in ( for example ) spain , italy , germany or finland which set of accounts are to be [called for] : the legal ( tax-based ) accounts or the internal management ( business-based ) accounts ?

If , for example , the plant and machinery is not as warranted then the Vendor will pay an amount to represent that loss — but it should follow that the Purchaser should be compensated for its goodwill payment as well — which could be a consequence of the contractual measure of damages .
if , for example , the plant and machinery is not as [called for] then the vendor will pay an amount to represent that loss — but it should follow that the purchaser should be compensated for its goodwill payment as well — which could be a consequence of the contractual measure of damages .

If the Purchaser wishes specific matters to be warranted it should set them out in detail .
if the purchaser wishes specific matters to be [called for] it should set them out in detail .

Whilst the Purchaser can accept that the Memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the Purchaser in agreeing to buy the Business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the Vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .
whilst the purchaser can accept that the memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the purchaser in agreeing to buy the business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being [called for] by the vendor , it should be [called for] in its own right .

In order to assess how ‘ fair ’ the warranted Accounts are and to verify or compare profit/and/or net asset growth it is useful to be able to assume that previous accounts have been drawn up on a similar basis and that , for example , the Vendor has not unfairly weighted the profits for the warranted Accounts .
in order to assess how ‘ fair ’ the [called for] accounts are and to verify or compare profit/and/or net asset growth it is useful to be able to assume that previous accounts have been drawn up on a similar basis and that , for example , the vendor has not unfairly weighted the profits for the [called for] accounts .

Even the agitations of the women 's movement would have warranted little more than a raised eyebrow from a lass in a Salvation Army bonnet that had to be strong enough to protect the head of the wearer from brick bats and other missiles .
even the agitations of the women 's movement would have [called for] little more than a raised eyebrow from a lass in a salvation army bonnet that had to be strong enough to protect the head of the wearer from brick bats and other missiles .

Though something told her his fury was greater than her deception over her sailing experience warranted , Polly felt too ill to force the issue by demanding explanations .
though something told her his fury was greater than her deception over her sailing experience [called for] , polly felt too ill to force the issue by demanding explanations .

‘ The goods are warranted to be in perfect condition on leaving the factory ’ ) is broken , then the manufacturer is liable , subject to the qualifications in the guarantee .
‘ the goods are [called for] to be in perfect condition on leaving the factory ’ ) is broken , then the manufacturer is liable , subject to the qualifications in the guarantee .

His group were worried about the rise of superstition worldwide , and took positive action when circumstances warranted .
his group were worried about the rise of superstition worldwide , and took positive action when circumstances [called for] .

Member for Fife , Central , the Government have made the judgment that an exemption is warranted .
member for fife , central , the government have made the judgment that an exemption is [called for] .

The third problem is the Housing Executive 's requirement under its warranted contractor scheme , which was introduced in 1987 , that people who receive grants for this type of improvement employ a warranted contractor .
the third problem is the housing executive 's requirement under its [called for] contractor scheme , which was introduced in 1987 , that people who receive grants for this type of improvement employ a [called for] contractor .

Yet there is the anomaly that the Housing Executive employs contractors who are not warranted on major jobs .
yet there is the anomaly that the housing executive employs contractors who are not [called for] on major jobs .

People naturally assume that a contractor employed by the Housing Executive is the firm to get , but then find that the contractor is not warranted .
people naturally assume that a contractor employed by the housing executive is the firm to get , but then find that the contractor is not [called for] .

The people who make applications are not in a position to know who is warranted and who is not .
the people who make applications are not in a position to know who is [called for] and who is not .

Perhaps not as brutal , although she had no doubt he could be if the situation warranted , but definitely arrogant , intimidating , ruthless .
perhaps not as brutal , although she had no doubt he could be if the situation [called for] , but definitely arrogant , intimidating , ruthless .

The framework is that a demand concerning an economic matter is blackmail , but there is an exception that it was warranted .
the framework is that a demand concerning an economic matter is blackmail , but there is an exception that it was [called for] .

But for all its forced and rather infuriating serenity , the letter 's tone was partially warranted , if one thinks of all that France and de Gaulle had been through since June 1940 .
but for all its forced and rather infuriating serenity , the letter 's tone was partially [called for] , if one thinks of all that france and de gaulle had been through since june 1940 .

Further components could be added whenever their stage of development warranted it .
further components could be added whenever their stage of development [called for] it .

He was at times ordered to aid and supervise the royal huntsmen by leading them to those parts of the forest where the game was most plentiful , o supplying them with trained hounds , and seeing that they did not drive the deer out of the forest or continue their hunting longer than their instructions warranted .
he was at times ordered to aid and supervise the royal huntsmen by leading them to those parts of the forest where the game was most plentiful , o supplying them with trained hounds , and seeing that they did not drive the deer out of the forest or continue their hunting longer than their instructions [called for] .

If , in fact , traffic had warranted operations through a 12 hour day , then the number of men required to work the system would have been 4 not 3 , with some duplication to provide relief , and the total wage bill would have been at least £8 per week , which makes Thomas 's figure look ridiculous .
if , in fact , traffic had [called for] operations through a 12 hour day , then the number of men required to work the system would have been 4 not 3 , with some duplication to provide relief , and the total wage bill would have been at least £8 per week , which makes thomas 's figure look ridiculous .

So important a man in Henley he had become that his obituary and funeral warranted 118 inches of space in the Standard .
so important a man in henley he had become that his obituary and funeral [called for] 118 inches of space in the standard .

Similarly , it may be warranted in situations where highly confidential and sensitive material is to be handled by the job holder .
similarly , it may be [called for] in situations where highly confidential and sensitive material is to be handled by the job holder .

James had said that John Stewart the pedlar had seemed frantic that night — more so than the emergency warranted ?
james had said that john stewart the pedlar had seemed frantic that night — more so than the emergency [called for] ?

‘ And , ’ said Henry as lightly as he felt the conversation warranted .
‘ and , ’ said henry as lightly as he felt the conversation [called for] .

True , the Liberal Nationals were becoming indistinguishable from the Conservatives , while National Labour was too small to be able to exert very much influence upon the massed ranks of Conservatives , although the prestige of the Prime Minister , Ramsay MacDonald , gave it — as Marquand shows — an influence far greater than its mere numbers would have warranted .
true , the liberal nationals were becoming indistinguishable from the conservatives , while national labour was too small to be able to exert very much influence upon the massed ranks of conservatives , although the prestige of the prime minister , ramsay macdonald , gave it — as marquand shows — an influence far greater than its mere numbers would have [called for] .

One sceptical commentator has reacted against the idea of there being something called ‘ Thatcherism ’ , by claiming that ‘ both opponents and supporters of the administration have created more of a pattern from disconnected events and policies than is warranted ’ .
one sceptical commentator has reacted against the idea of there being something called ‘ thatcherism ’ , by claiming that ‘ both opponents and supporters of the administration have created more of a pattern from disconnected events and policies than is [called for] ’ .

‘ Three nines ’ is not uncommon : purity warranted to within 0.999 of absolute purity , with some certainty that the umpteenth consignment will be as pure as the first .
‘ three nines ’ is not uncommon : purity [called for] to within 0.999 of absolute purity , with some certainty that the umpteenth consignment will be as pure as the first .

The Gardeners had already obtained their Charter in 1606 ; the Apothecaries felt they also warranted separate identification .
the gardeners had already obtained their charter in 1606 ; the apothecaries felt they also [called for] separate identification .

He was followed by Richard Pratt in 1677 , whose salary of £30 a year warranted an experienced gardener .
he was followed by richard pratt in 1677 , whose salary of £30 a year [called for] an experienced gardener .

Two further editions of the Abridgement were warranted , in 1763 and 1771 , the year of Miller 's death , the last containing some articles not included in the 1768 Dictionary .
two further editions of the abridgement were [called for] , in 1763 and 1771 , the year of miller 's death , the last containing some articles not included in the 1768 dictionary .

Here he obviously considered the pharmaceutical value of this plant important enough to include an illustration , and he felt the economic significance of Rubia tinctorum , madder , warranted an engraving by John Sebastian Miller , from Hortus Cliffortianus .
here he obviously considered the pharmaceutical value of this plant important enough to include an illustration , and he felt the economic significance of rubia tinctorum , madder , [called for] an engraving by john sebastian miller , from hortus cliffortianus .

In earlier editions of the Dictionary the Sweet Briar warranted comment on its scent and ‘ though a wild rose in some parts of England , yet is preserved in most curious gardens for the extreme sweetness of its leaves , which perfumes the circumambient Air in the Spring of the Year , especially after a shower of Rain .
in earlier editions of the dictionary the sweet briar [called for] comment on its scent and ‘ though a wild rose in some parts of england , yet is preserved in most curious gardens for the extreme sweetness of its leaves , which perfumes the circumambient air in the spring of the year , especially after a shower of rain .

Opinionated and didactic , it was still a valid essay that was warranted on a group of the ever-growing stature of The Wedding Present .
opinionated and didactic , it was still a valid essay that was [called for] on a group of the ever-growing stature of the wedding present .

The charges , he added , would have warranted a severe sentence .
the charges , he added , would have [called for] a severe sentence .

‘ Rabone Warranted Boxwood
‘ rabone [called for] boxwood

Less acceptable is the term ‘ general purpose detergent ’ as it may imply a capability not warranted by such a product .
less acceptable is the term ‘ general purpose detergent ’ as it may imply a capability not [called for] by such a product .

Most access equipment can be hired if outright purchase is not warranted .
most access equipment can be hired if outright purchase is not [called for] .

In cases of bullying ( which is widespread , though often ignored by teachers , and can be linked to racial or sexual harassment ) , theft or vandalism , pupils may be guilty of criminal conduct where social services or police intervention is warranted .
in cases of bullying ( which is widespread , though often ignored by teachers , and can be linked to racial or sexual harassment ) , theft or vandalism , pupils may be guilty of criminal conduct where social services or police intervention is [called for] .

The simple response to this is to recite the general principle that no treatment is warranted , or indeed lawful , without consent , and that if consent is withdrawn , nothing need be done .
the simple response to this is to recite the general principle that no treatment is [called for] , or indeed lawful , without consent , and that if consent is withdrawn , nothing need be done .

the sole end for which mankind are warranted , individually or collectively , in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number , is self-protection .
the sole end for which mankind are [called for] , individually or collectively , in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number , is self-protection .

The most crucial change in emphasis over the past twenty years , and particularly over the past ten , has been the common rejection of any suggestion that poverty alone warranted social policy intervention based on state amelioration .
the most crucial change in emphasis over the past twenty years , and particularly over the past ten , has been the common rejection of any suggestion that poverty alone [called for] social policy intervention based on state amelioration .

In the case of the Colleges , the increased delegation of responsibilities bought about by new legislation warranted the introduction of new endeavours , or changes to existing ones , and the analysis helped to identify where these were required at all levels .
in the case of the colleges , the increased delegation of responsibilities bought about by new legislation [called for] the introduction of new endeavours , or changes to existing ones , and the analysis helped to identify where these were required at all levels .

The first step toward putting these ideas into practice is to gain a commitment from the client organisation to establish and support the audit mechanism , and where changes are warranted , to make these changes effective .
the first step toward putting these ideas into practice is to gain a commitment from the client organisation to establish and support the audit mechanism , and where changes are [called for] , to make these changes effective .

This may be difficult for a parent who , as a child , had never been apologised to when the occasion warranted it , but it would come naturally to one who had .
this may be difficult for a parent who , as a child , had never been apologised to when the occasion [called for] it , but it would come naturally to one who had .

( 1987 ) state that ‘ additional research in inherent and operational error assessment is warranted .
( 1987 ) state that ‘ additional research in inherent and operational error assessment is [called for] .

When children realize that adults regard their misdeed as very important , they listen more closely.20 Punishment is warranted after repeated infractions .
when children realize that adults regard their misdeed as very important , they listen more closely.20 punishment is [called for] after repeated infractions .

This event in itself warranted the stability of American institutions , but still ambiguity reigned on the shape of the postbellum constitutional order .
this event in itself [called for] the stability of american institutions , but still ambiguity reigned on the shape of the postbellum constitutional order .

I suspect that this familiar ontological move is not always warranted .
i suspect that this familiar ontological move is not always [called for] .

He warranted the Boolean idealization had its problems , but found that in many cases the response of a gene was nonlinear to its inputs .
he [called for] the boolean idealization had its problems , but found that in many cases the response of a gene was nonlinear to its inputs .

He speculated that if many dependent patients can have spontaneous remissions , then research on whether brief interventions could help them seems warranted .
he speculated that if many dependent patients can have spontaneous remissions , then research on whether brief interventions could help them seems [called for] .

Several trials of variations of the NIAAA approach are warranted .
several trials of variations of the niaaa approach are [called for] .

GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 Similarly , GAO has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 GAO , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the Congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .
gao has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 similarly , gao has also suggested that reorganizations may be [called for] based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 gao , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .

Recent examples include actions taken by the Congress , the SEC and the GAO to address areas of concern that each felt warranted government action .
recent examples include actions taken by the congress , the sec and the gao to address areas of concern that each felt [called for] government action .

Some respondents believed that , although reporting on stewardship items might be warranted , a separate manner of reporting might not .
some respondents believed that , although reporting on stewardship items might be [called for] , a separate manner of reporting might not .

Therefore , the Board believes that attempting to capitalize and depreciate stewardship PP & E is not warranted .
therefore , the board believes that attempting to capitalize and depreciate stewardship pp & e is not [called for] .

Based on its review of the comments received , APHIS has decided that further analysis of most parts of the proposed rule is warranted .
based on its review of the comments received , aphis has decided that further analysis of most parts of the proposed rule is [called for] .

Based on its review of the comments received , APHIS has decided that further analysis of most parts of the proposed rule is warranted .
based on its review of the comments received , aphis has decided that further analysis of most parts of the proposed rule is [called for] .

However , an oral briefing may be used , for example , when GAO ( 1 ) determines that further work is not warranted ; ( 2 ) provides information that is readily available to the public , such as that in Inspector General reports ; or ( 3 ) develops a summary of previously issued GAO products that does not contain any new findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
however , an oral briefing may be used , for example , when gao ( 1 ) determines that further work is not [called for] ; ( 2 ) provides information that is readily available to the public , such as that in inspector general reports ; or ( 3 ) develops a summary of previously issued gao products that does not contain any new findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

Caution is warranted before committing the anticipated surpluses to permanent changes on either the revenue or spending side .
caution is [called for] before committing the anticipated surpluses to permanent changes on either the revenue or spending side .

This could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 As the Congress moves to modify the federal budget process with the expiration of the Budget Enforcement Act , attention is warranted as to how the process considers the long-term implications of alternative spending choices .
this could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 as the congress moves to modify the federal budget process with the expiration of the budget enforcement act , attention is [called for] as to how the process considers the long-term implications of alternative spending choices .

These procedures do not create new rights or obligations for LSC or LSC recipients and may be modified by the LSC President as warranted , with appropriate notice to the Board and field programs .
these procedures do not create new rights or obligations for lsc or lsc recipients and may be modified by the lsc president as [called for] , with appropriate notice to the board and field programs .

Clearly , additional research is warranted .
clearly , additional research is [called for] .

The concept of a universal service obligation may really mean more frequent delivery than economically warranted for households living on unprofitable routes .
the concept of a universal service obligation may really mean more frequent delivery than economically [called for] for households living on unprofitable routes .

However , at approximately 9:02-less than a minute before the building was hit-an instruction over the South Tower 's public-address system advised civilians , generally , that they could begin an orderly evacuation if conditions warranted .
however , at approximately 9:02-less than a minute before the building was hit-an instruction over the south tower 's public-address system advised civilians , generally , that they could begin an orderly evacuation if conditions [called for] .

The `` advisory '' announcement directed by protocol ( without the expanded instruction for occupants to return to their floors ) would have given greater leeway to those who judged , based on a firsthand awareness of conditions on their floors ( e.g. , some could feel heat from North Tower explosion ) , that evacuation was warranted .
the `` advisory '' announcement directed by protocol ( without the expanded instruction for occupants to return to their floors ) would have given greater leeway to those who judged , based on a firsthand awareness of conditions on their floors ( e.g. , some could feel heat from north tower explosion ) , that evacuation was [called for] .

New chemical screens and/or rational drug design to identify alternative inhibitors is warranted .
new chemical screens and/or rational drug design to identify alternative inhibitors is [called for] .

Thus , in vitro screens for mutations that confer resistance to kinase inhibitors are warranted , followed by efforts to identify drugs that overcome resistance .
thus , in vitro screens for mutations that confer resistance to kinase inhibitors are [called for] , followed by efforts to identify drugs that overcome resistance .

In animals , inclusion of mtDNA evidence in biogeographic and systematic analyses often reveals unexpected diversity or discordance with morphology , which then prompts re-evaluation of morphological and ecological characteristics and , if warranted , taxonomic revision .
in animals , inclusion of mtdna evidence in biogeographic and systematic analyses often reveals unexpected diversity or discordance with morphology , which then prompts re-evaluation of morphological and ecological characteristics and , if [called for] , taxonomic revision .

However , because they do not see increased therapy failure and find preservation of immune function in the STI group , the authors conclude that , in light of the possibility of reducing costs and drug-related toxicity , additional trials of STIs are warranted .
however , because they do not see increased therapy failure and find preservation of immune function in the sti group , the authors conclude that , in light of the possibility of reducing costs and drug-related toxicity , additional trials of stis are [called for] .

Looked at another way , patients with heart , liver , lung , or kidney failure have a dismal prognosis for survival , so the toxicity associated with immunosuppression is warranted ( the benefits of graft survival outweigh the risks associated with the medications ) .
looked at another way , patients with heart , liver , lung , or kidney failure have a dismal prognosis for survival , so the toxicity associated with immunosuppression is [called for] ( the benefits of graft survival outweigh the risks associated with the medications ) .

We agree that reconsideration of guidelines for acute fluid management is warranted , particularly when current recommendations await an adequate evidence base .
we agree that reconsideration of guidelines for acute fluid management is [called for] , particularly when current recommendations await an adequate evidence base .

Your fears about the medium might be warranted ( and let 's find out before all those theaters get converted !
your fears about the medium might be [called for] ( and let 's find out before all those theaters get converted !

Morgan , The Last Yankee , Broken Glass , or The American Clock , you might agree that this neglect is warranted .
morgan , the last yankee , broken glass , or the american clock , you might agree that this neglect is [called for] .

Mindful of the fragility of `` truth , '' and trustful of how a better `` truth '' might emerge from experimentation and debate , Dewey thought we might well drop the whole concept of `` truth '' and speak more usefully of `` warranted assertibility . ''
mindful of the fragility of `` truth , '' and trustful of how a better `` truth '' might emerge from experimentation and debate , dewey thought we might well drop the whole concept of `` truth '' and speak more usefully of `` [called for] assertibility . ''

Buchanan ca n't reconcile his lifelong anti-communism with the anti-interventionist philosophy that supposedly unites his book , so when it comes to the Cold War he carves out an absurd exception : The extreme evil of communism , he says , warranted military action in places as far-flung as Vietnam or as minuscule as Nicaragua .
buchanan ca n't reconcile his lifelong anti-communism with the anti-interventionist philosophy that supposedly unites his book , so when it comes to the cold war he carves out an absurd exception : the extreme evil of communism , he says , [called for] military action in places as far-flung as vietnam or as minuscule as nicaragua .

For a work whose `` climax '' depends on feelings of the most passionate revulsion to be esteemed ahead of your own labors , so far superior as to be undeserving of inclusion in the same tormented sentence , is , my dearest Edith , an insult insufferable to all whose reverence for literature anglais is to be warranted .
for a work whose `` climax '' depends on feelings of the most passionate revulsion to be esteemed ahead of your own labors , so far superior as to be undeserving of inclusion in the same tormented sentence , is , my dearest edith , an insult insufferable to all whose reverence for literature anglais is to be [called for] .

Not only did I think your answer glib , but given the attention this matter has received vs. that which is warranted , it was also unnecessary .
not only did i think your answer glib , but given the attention this matter has received vs. that which is [called for] , it was also unnecessary .

The confidence may well be warranted .
the confidence may well be [called for] .

If an equal number of pragmatic voters ( now one in 13 of the remaining Clinton supporters ) think that 35 percent is enough -- they 'll flip , and the next poll will show that 40 percent of voters think impeachment is warranted .
if an equal number of pragmatic voters ( now one in 13 of the remaining clinton supporters ) think that 35 percent is enough -- they 'll flip , and the next poll will show that 40 percent of voters think impeachment is [called for] .

By the next evening on CNN 's Capital Gang , O'Beirne had fused her two salient NewsHour points -- the IMF smells like corporate welfare and a unilateral strike against Iraq is warranted -- into a Unified Bill Clinton Theory .
by the next evening on cnn 's capital gang , o'beirne had fused her two salient newshour points -- the imf smells like corporate welfare and a unilateral strike against iraq is [called for] -- into a unified bill clinton theory .

The 737 inspections ordered by the FAA last week ( which USAT alone led with on Friday ) were apparently well warranted : 13 of the first 26 fuel main fuel pump wires checked showed wear on their insulation , says USAT .
the 737 inspections ordered by the faa last week ( which usat alone led with on friday ) were apparently well [called for] : 13 of the first 26 fuel main fuel pump wires checked showed wear on their insulation , says usat .

As geologist Nathan Winslow puts it in a gently skeptical review on self-organized criticality , `` A theory can , once in the pop science regime , acquire a level of acceptance and momentum that may or may not be warranted by its actual scientific credibility . ''
as geologist nathan winslow puts it in a gently skeptical review on self-organized criticality , `` a theory can , once in the pop science regime , acquire a level of acceptance and momentum that may or may not be [called for] by its actual scientific credibility . ''

The American Civil Liberties Union and other advocacy groups mourn the effects of the Prison Litigation Reform Act , saying that it leaves no way to prevent prisons from backsliding into the inhumane conditions that warranted judiciary intervention .
the american civil liberties union and other advocacy groups mourn the effects of the prison litigation reform act , saying that it leaves no way to prevent prisons from backsliding into the inhumane conditions that [called for] judiciary intervention .

Over to you Larry , to explain why this happy estimation of the future is misguided , and a gloomier response is warranted .
over to you larry , to explain why this happy estimation of the future is misguided , and a gloomier response is [called for] .

Some of these upgrades would have been warranted , regardless of Y2K .
some of these upgrades would have been [called for] , regardless of y2k .

Legislators retain control of the prosecutor 's overall fervor while inducing him to concentrate that fervor where it 's most warranted .
legislators retain control of the prosecutor 's overall fervor while inducing him to concentrate that fervor where it 's most [called for] .

Measured optimism is warranted .
measured optimism is [called for] .

The relevance of this attack is severely compromised by the reality that 1 ) Bradley had already admitted he might have to raise taxes if circumstances warranted it ; and 2 ) during his cybercafe appearance , Gore himself told reporters that `` you have to have flexibility on the fiscal side . ''
the relevance of this attack is severely compromised by the reality that 1 ) bradley had already admitted he might have to raise taxes if circumstances [called for] it ; and 2 ) during his cybercafe appearance , gore himself told reporters that `` you have to have flexibility on the fiscal side . ''

What really matters , though , is that neither man resorted to in-your-face woo-woos or bitching , though in this case , sassy talk from the other side probably warranted retaliation .
what really matters , though , is that neither man resorted to in-your-face woo-woos or bitching , though in this case , sassy talk from the other side probably [called for] retaliation .

If so , is n't this arrangement similar enough to the one at Amazon to have warranted mention ?
if so , is n't this arrangement similar enough to the one at amazon to have [called for] mention ?

The New York Times leads with internal dissension at the DOJ about whether or not Bill Clinton 's 1996 campaign fund-raising activities warranted an independent counsel -- Louis Freeh says yes and Janet Reno says no .
the new york times leads with internal dissension at the doj about whether or not bill clinton 's 1996 campaign fund-raising activities [called for] an independent counsel -- louis freeh says yes and janet reno says no .

Each of the Twelve Days is illustrated by suitably warm and friendly drawings by Scott Partridge ( warranted personally by Bernard to be neither a nom de plume , de guerre , nor de chanson ) .
each of the twelve days is illustrated by suitably warm and friendly drawings by scott partridge ( [called for] personally by bernard to be neither a nom de plume , de guerre , nor de chanson ) .

