# when noun, not

Curtis Allen Huff , 41 , of 1630 Lake Av. , Wilmette , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 S. Dearborn St. , where he formerly was employed as an attorney .
curtis allen huff , 41 , of 1630 lake av. , wilmette , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal [call for] charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the first federal savings and loan association , 1 s. dearborn st. , where he formerly was employed as an attorney .

The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by Leo Blaber , an attorney for the association .
the complaint on which the [call for] was issued was filed by leo blaber , an attorney for the association .

According to one report , however , Mr. Hammarskjold was considered `` too controversial '' a figure to warrant bestowal of the coveted honor last spring .
according to one report , however , mr. hammarskjold was considered `` too controversial '' a figure to [call for] bestowal of the coveted honor last spring .

On the one hand , the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots `` do not warrant undue public concern '' or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the Aj .
on the one hand , the public health service declared as recently as october 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the soviet shots `` do not [call for] undue public concern '' or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the aj .

Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23 , 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association , while it may plead that Dr. N. L. Frothingham had every warrant for stating , `` The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity ; ;
whenever new england liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of parker and the fraternity on january 23 , 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of chandler robbins to demand that parker leave the association , while it may plead that dr. n. l. frothingham had every [call for] for stating , `` the difference between trinitarians and unitarians is a difference in christianity ; ;

Everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too fallible and corruptible -- in a word , too human -- to warrant any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine .
everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too fallible and corruptible -- in a word , too human -- to [call for] any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine .

Yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great , or evil repelled sufficiently grave , to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action .
yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great , or evil repelled sufficiently grave , to [call for] the destruction of mankind by man's own action .

Recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others , however , point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion .
recent studies by the commission on race and housing and others , however , point to a vast complex of factors that often do not [call for] this conclusion .

Typically , in a lower-middle class Jewish family , a son will be sent to an out-of-town school , if financial resources warrant it , while the daughter will attend the local college .
typically , in a lower-middle class jewish family , a son will be sent to an out-of-town school , if financial resources [call for] it , while the daughter will attend the local college .

Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation .
even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough documentation has already been assembled to [call for] drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning american independence and founding a new nation .

He said that Mr. Wright was not in , and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air .
he said that mr. wright was not in , and so could not be arrested on something called a peace [call for] that miriam was waving in the air .

I do not suppose you ever heard of F. Scott Fitzgerald , living or dead , and moreover I do not suppose that , even if you had , his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval .
i do not suppose you ever heard of f. scott fitzgerald , living or dead , and moreover i do not suppose that , even if you had , his legend would have seemed to you to [call for] more than a cluck of disapproval .

Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or `` belongs to '' some way of thought labelled as a `` school '' or an `` -ism '' , i.e. a complex or `` syndrome '' of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification .
very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or `` belongs to '' some way of thought labelled as a `` school '' or an `` -ism '' , i.e. a complex or `` syndrome '' of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to [call for] identification .

Again omitting recent developments , E.T. Leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged : `` So far as archaeology is concerned , there is not the least warrant for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories '' .
again omitting recent developments , e.t. leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged : `` so far as archaeology is concerned , there is not the least [call for] for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories '' .

The queen agreed on December 17 , a warrant was signed on January 27 , and the Exchequer paid Quiney his expenses on February 27 , 1598/9 .
the queen agreed on december 17 , a [call for] was signed on january 27 , and the exchequer paid quiney his expenses on february 27 , 1598/9 .

) These general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison .
) these general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to [call for] comparison .

Section 203 of the United States Code voids an assignment of a claim against the Government unless made after it has been allowed , the amount due has been ascertained , and a warrant for its payment has been issued .
section 203 of the united states code voids an assignment of a claim against the government unless made after it has been allowed , the amount due has been ascertained , and a [call for] for its payment has been issued .

Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named Asher Jones , the warrant for his arrest had never been served .
although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named asher jones , the [call for] for his arrest had never been served .

The editor of the Newport Advertiser could discover no evidence of extenuating circumstances in the Brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the infliction of capital punishment .
the editor of the newport advertiser could discover no evidence of extenuating circumstances in the brown trial which would [call for] making an exception to the infliction of capital punishment .

a clever naturalistic touch is Varlaam's labored reading of the warrant .
a clever naturalistic touch is varlaam's labored reading of the [call for] .

Police officers called at seventy seven year old Emilly Thomas 's home because they had an arrest warrant for her grandson James Bellamy , who was indide .
police officers called at seventy seven year old emilly thomas 's home because they had an arrest [call for] for her grandson james bellamy , who was indide .

He says he ca n't understand why the council should , on the one hand , put so much money into the college , and on the other hand virtualy sign it 's death warrant .
he says he ca n't understand why the council should , on the one hand , put so much money into the college , and on the other hand virtualy sign it 's death [call for] .

Judge Barrington Ward suspended a warrant on behalf of the Cheltenham and Gloucester Building Society , for the repossession of her home in Wantage .
judge barrington ward suspended a [call for] on behalf of the cheltenham and gloucester building society , for the repossession of her home in wantage .

They were arrested on a warrant issued by a court in Swindon .
they were arrested on a [call for] issued by a court in swindon .

So they may , may be able to get used then and ra maybe warrant an entry into the dictionary .
so they may , may be able to get used then and ra maybe [call for] an entry into the dictionary .

Yeah yeah well you see what he said was he could not see how they could warrant him that sixty odd come as interest justify doing it .
yeah yeah well you see what he said was he could not see how they could [call for] him that sixty odd come as interest justify doing it .

There 's a warrant out for his arrest .
there 's a [call for] out for his arrest .

The incident follows the death less than two weeks ago of a marine warrant officer taking part in the same exercise .
the incident follows the death less than two weeks ago of a marine [call for] officer taking part in the same exercise .

He was described as an enthusiastic , determined and well-turned-out soldier with leadership qualities which could have taken him to the top warrant officer rank .
he was described as an enthusiastic , determined and well-turned-out soldier with leadership qualities which could have taken him to the top [call for] officer rank .

He alleged that inquiry officers had lied about seeing a flickering light in a bedroom window of his home when they applied for a search warrant .
he alleged that inquiry officers had lied about seeing a flickering light in a bedroom window of his home when they applied for a search [call for] .

He challenged the validity of a search warrant which had been obtained from a sheriff , alleging that statements by inquiry officers about a flickering light being seen at a bedroom window were a blatant and malicious fabrication .
he challenged the validity of a search [call for] which had been obtained from a sheriff , alleging that statements by inquiry officers about a flickering light being seen at a bedroom window were a blatant and malicious fabrication .

Although the charge against Mr Guest was abandoned by the Crown , the appeal court ordered evidence to be heard into the circumstances of the granting of the warrant .
although the charge against mr guest was abandoned by the crown , the appeal court ordered evidence to be heard into the circumstances of the granting of the [call for] .

Yesterday , Lord Ross , the Lord Justice-Clerk , sitting with Lords McCluskey and Morison , was told that the hearing had been cancelled because the licensing authority now conceded that there had not been enough evidence to justify applying for the warrant .
yesterday , lord ross , the lord justice-clerk , sitting with lords mccluskey and morison , was told that the hearing had been cancelled because the licensing authority now conceded that there had not been enough evidence to justify applying for the [call for] .

The authority was not accepting Mr Guest 's allegation of a blatant and malicious fabrication by the officers but there had been insufficient material to obtain the warrant .
the authority was not accepting mr guest 's allegation of a blatant and malicious fabrication by the officers but there had been insufficient material to obtain the [call for] .

Lord Ross declared that the warrant had been obtained on inadequate information and the court awarded expenses to Mr Guest .
lord ross declared that the [call for] had been obtained on inadequate information and the court awarded expenses to mr guest .

Speaking on Mr Smeddon 's doorstep , Mr Sheridan said the federation would continue to stop warrant sales .
speaking on mr smeddon 's doorstep , mr sheridan said the federation would continue to stop [call for] sales .

‘ Even though the poll tax has only two months to go , we 'll continue to defend anyone threatened with the brutality of the sheriff officers in keeping up our 100 per cent record on stopping warrant sales .
‘ even though the poll tax has only two months to go , we 'll continue to defend anyone threatened with the brutality of the sheriff officers in keeping up our 100 per cent record on stopping [call for] sales .

Officers from Love and Co. were due to pick up goods belonging to Jim Sneddon and his wife in preparation for a warrant sale following the couple 's refusal to pay the tax .
officers from love and co. were due to pick up goods belonging to jim sneddon and his wife in preparation for a [call for] sale following the couple 's refusal to pay the tax .

‘ But we said there would be no warrant sales and there have been none to our knowledge . ’
‘ but we said there would be no [call for] sales and there have been none to our knowledge . ’

At 10:58am , two minutes before the deadline set by the Scottish Office , which bought the house from Tayside Regional Council under compulsory purchase to clear the way for the road , sheriff officers arrived to execute the eviction warrant .
at 10:58am , two minutes before the deadline set by the scottish office , which bought the house from tayside regional council under compulsory purchase to clear the way for the road , sheriff officers arrived to execute the eviction [call for] .

Industry observers had expected that the prospect of combining the two would warrant a monopolies inquiry .
industry observers had expected that the prospect of combining the two would [call for] a monopolies inquiry .

Two men had gone to Anthony Bland 's home in Vine Street , Darlington , to execute a warrant for eviction and when they searched the house they discovered sub-machine guns , a pump action shotgun and pistols .
two men had gone to anthony bland 's home in vine street , darlington , to execute a [call for] for eviction and when they searched the house they discovered sub-machine guns , a pump action shotgun and pistols .

She said Robert Fisk and Raymond Parkin had gone to the house with the eviction warrant and gained access with the help of a joiner .
she said robert fisk and raymond parkin had gone to the house with the eviction [call for] and gained access with the help of a joiner .

The arsenal of weapons and live ammunition were discovered by bailiffs as they served an eviction warrant on Mr Bland 's home in Vine Street , Darlington .
the arsenal of weapons and live ammunition were discovered by bailiffs as they served an eviction [call for] on mr bland 's home in vine street , darlington .

The arrest came after a warrant was issued on Friday by Jersey 's Chief Justice , Sir Peter Crill .
the arrest came after a [call for] was issued on friday by jersey 's chief justice , sir peter crill .

The warrant is over the murder of Nicholas and Elizabeth Newall on or about 10 October , 1987 .
the [call for] is over the murder of nicholas and elizabeth newall on or about 10 october , 1987 .

Police have issued an arrest warrant for Mr de Michelis 's former secretary , Barbara Ceolin .
police have issued an arrest [call for] for mr de michelis 's former secretary , barbara ceolin .

‘ It is possible that one or two plants might think it worthwhile to upgrade but they would have to be very sure there was a large and lucrative market there to warrant the investment .
‘ it is possible that one or two plants might think it worthwhile to upgrade but they would have to be very sure there was a large and lucrative market there to [call for] the investment .

Special Constables are issued with warrant cards and have the same powers to make arrests as police .
special constables are issued with [call for] cards and have the same powers to make arrests as police .

His first taste of his new regime came yesterday morning at ‘ reception ’ when his warrant was checked and his clothes and possessions logged and stored .
his first taste of his new regime came yesterday morning at ‘ reception ’ when his [call for] was checked and his clothes and possessions logged and stored .

Sent into to keep the peace between warring communities the first soldiers had no more legal powers than the ordinary citizen until the Special Powers Act gave them power to stop and question , search and arrest without a warrant .
sent into to keep the peace between warring communities the first soldiers had no more legal powers than the ordinary citizen until the special powers act gave them power to stop and question , search and arrest without a [call for] .

Launer , which carries the Royal Warrant , offers far more than just the style for which the Queen is famous .
launer , which carries the royal [call for] , offers far more than just the style for which the queen is famous .

But while Hugh Morris , David Gower and Graham Thorpe will warrant consideration , the selectors are likely to give their top order another opportunity .
but while hugh morris , david gower and graham thorpe will [call for] consideration , the selectors are likely to give their top order another opportunity .

If Adam had not issued from his hiding-place early in May they would not have been discovered ; but the messages which had come from Llewelyn were grave enough to warrant a risk which by then appeared so slight .
if adam had not issued from his hiding-place early in may they would not have been discovered ; but the messages which had come from llewelyn were grave enough to [call for] a risk which by then appeared so slight .

‘ Right , lad , sign up here and we 'll issue you with a travel warrant . ’
‘ right , lad , sign up here and we 'll issue you with a travel [call for] . ’

Mentioned in despatches in yesterday 's awards were Capt John Donnelly , Capt Matthew Dundas-Whatley , Second Lt Tudor Ellis , Lt Robert Ryan , Warrant Officer Charles Stevens .
mentioned in despatches in yesterday 's awards were capt john donnelly , capt matthew dundas-whatley , second lt tudor ellis , lt robert ryan , [call for] officer charles stevens .

Miss Pickering said : ‘ Police who executed a search warrant found a substantial amount of property mainly unopened postal goods . ’
miss pickering said : ‘ police who executed a search [call for] found a substantial amount of property mainly unopened postal goods . ’

‘ After a search warrant was obtained the defendant 's home was searched and pens and graffiti magazines were recovered from the house .
‘ after a search [call for] was obtained the defendant 's home was searched and pens and graffiti magazines were recovered from the house .

Arrest warrant :
arrest [call for] :

After 33-year-old Coun Carr , of Newlands Road , Middlesbrough , failed to appear yesterday , magistrates issued a warrant backed with bail for his arrest .
after 33-year-old coun carr , of newlands road , middlesbrough , failed to appear yesterday , magistrates issued a [call for] backed with bail for his arrest .

Magistrates made a commitment order against him and asked the court to issue a warrant for his arrest .
magistrates made a commitment order against him and asked the court to issue a [call for] for his arrest .

Ian Siddle , 30 , had around £300 worth of jewellery taken from a burglary and a stolen video recorder in his home when police executed a search warrant .
ian siddle , 30 , had around £300 worth of jewellery taken from a burglary and a stolen video recorder in his home when police executed a search [call for] .

Mentioned in despatches were Capt John Donnelly , Capt Matthew Dundas-Whatley , Second Lt Tudor Ellis , Lt Robert Ryan , and Warrant Officer Charles Stevens .
mentioned in despatches were capt john donnelly , capt matthew dundas-whatley , second lt tudor ellis , lt robert ryan , and [call for] officer charles stevens .

This one dates from the introduction of warrants . It unscrews to reveal a space which held the warrant
this one dates from the introduction of warrants . it unscrews to reveal a space which held the [call for]

After yesterday 's service , the Prince talked to veterans introduced by Jack Edwards , 74 , a former warrant officer with the Royal Corps of Signals , who was captured by the Japanese in Singapore and forced to work in the copper mines of Taiwan .
after yesterday 's service , the prince talked to veterans introduced by jack edwards , 74 , a former [call for] officer with the royal corps of signals , who was captured by the japanese in singapore and forced to work in the copper mines of taiwan .

Physio Greg Craig said : ‘ It is a Grade One plus sprain which is n't serious enough to warrant X-rays , but still needs lots of treatment . ’
physio greg craig said : ‘ it is a grade one plus sprain which is n't serious enough to [call for] x-rays , but still needs lots of treatment . ’

They are also used by larger firms who are only marginally involved in smaller markets , or use export houses until such markets have expanded sufficiently to warrant their own overseas operation .
they are also used by larger firms who are only marginally involved in smaller markets , or use export houses until such markets have expanded sufficiently to [call for] their own overseas operation .

Otherwise they 'll be coming for a warrant for me .
otherwise they 'll be coming for a [call for] for me .

When the situation seemed to warrant it , or the moment seemed opportune , these were dealt with briskly by the forces of law and order : there was little sign of any paralysis of will in this respect on the part of the British in India .
when the situation seemed to [call for] it , or the moment seemed opportune , these were dealt with briskly by the forces of law and order : there was little sign of any paralysis of will in this respect on the part of the british in india .

Techno music is illegal on the Isle Of Man , where there is a warrant out for the arrest of many top stars including Kraftwerk , Joey Beltram , Inner City and , due to a technical error , Ned 's Atomic Dustbin .
techno music is illegal on the isle of man , where there is a [call for] out for the arrest of many top stars including kraftwerk , joey beltram , inner city and , due to a technical error , ned 's atomic dustbin .

Other items which warrant pocket space include camera , lunch pack and first aid kit , as all need to be readily accessible .
other items which [call for] pocket space include camera , lunch pack and first aid kit , as all need to be readily accessible .

Two years ago the judge issued a court warrant when Jim did only 29 hours of a 200-hour community service order after being convicted of theft .
two years ago the judge issued a court [call for] when jim did only 29 hours of a 200-hour community service order after being convicted of theft .

One , where the exerciser has one leg outstretched and the other bent backwards , ‘ could damage the bent knee enough to warrant surgery ’ , says Wendy .
one , where the exerciser has one leg outstretched and the other bent backwards , ‘ could damage the bent knee enough to [call for] surgery ’ , says wendy .

All the women that appear in American Metal videos in various states of soft-porn undress , notably the blonde in Warrant 's ‘ Cherry Pie ’ , a sexist 's dream of tawdry suggestiveness ( you can imagine the lyrics ) .
all the women that appear in american metal videos in various states of soft-porn undress , notably the blonde in [call for] 's ‘ cherry pie ’ , a sexist 's dream of tawdry suggestiveness ( you can imagine the lyrics ) .

She was given a travel warrant and dumped on the pavement outside the prison .
she was given a travel [call for] and dumped on the pavement outside the prison .

It may be reasonably speculated that English ethnocentricity , then as now , would assume that , first the Scots and later the Irish , were let into Westminster , but the legislation gives no warrant for this assumption .
it may be reasonably speculated that english ethnocentricity , then as now , would assume that , first the scots and later the irish , were let into westminster , but the legislation gives no [call for] for this assumption .

If this had happened , and if one could state confidently that the Parliament of England had survived these events , albeit in an altered state , whereas the parliaments first , of Scotland , and later , of Ireland , had disappeared from the scene , then there would be some warrant for assuming that the law , customs , conventions and powers of the Parliament of England had survived , whereas those of the others had not .
if this had happened , and if one could state confidently that the parliament of england had survived these events , albeit in an altered state , whereas the parliaments first , of scotland , and later , of ireland , had disappeared from the scene , then there would be some [call for] for assuming that the law , customs , conventions and powers of the parliament of england had survived , whereas those of the others had not .

It is for Parliament to warrant the expenditure estimated to be needed , i.e .
it is for parliament to [call for] the expenditure estimated to be needed , i.e .

There is statutory warrant for extending privilege so as to embrace reports , papers , etc .
there is statutory [call for] for extending privilege so as to embrace reports , papers , etc .

Even without statutory warrant , it would make sense for privilege to attach to whatever a Member does as an incident of discharging his functions as a Member in relation to the proceedings of the House itself ( as opposed to in his external role as a political figure , or in relation to constituents , members of the public and non-parliamentary bodies ) .
even without statutory [call for] , it would make sense for privilege to attach to whatever a member does as an incident of discharging his functions as a member in relation to the proceedings of the house itself ( as opposed to in his external role as a political figure , or in relation to constituents , members of the public and non-parliamentary bodies ) .

He admitted that he had injected himself with speed two days before the police acted on the search warrant on January 20th .
he admitted that he had injected himself with speed two days before the police acted on the search [call for] on january 20th .

Referring to allegations of a petrol-price cartel , he said insufficient evidence had emerged to date to warrant further investigation — except on the Isle of Wight .
referring to allegations of a petrol-price cartel , he said insufficient evidence had emerged to date to [call for] further investigation — except on the isle of wight .

Interactive Inc , Humboldt , South Dakota has filed to go public with an initial offer of up to 1.0m units , each consisting of one common share and a warrant for a second one ; net proceeds will be used to expand the company 's marketing and sales , develop new products , repay debt , and for working capital ; no target price given .
interactive inc , humboldt , south dakota has filed to go public with an initial offer of up to 1.0m units , each consisting of one common share and a [call for] for a second one ; net proceeds will be used to expand the company 's marketing and sales , develop new products , repay debt , and for working capital ; no target price given .

WordStar International Inc , Novato , California raised $ 5.9m in a second private placing of 2.7m units , each of one share and a warrant for a second share at $ 2.50 expiring 1996 .
wordstar international inc , novato , california raised $ 5.9m in a second private placing of 2.7m units , each of one share and a [call for] for a second share at $ 2.50 expiring 1996 .

It was a wonderful drive on an afternoon balmy enough to warrant lowering the electric windows and we cruised along to Mahler 's music playing on the six speaker sound system , through some of the most beautiful countryside we have ever seen .
it was a wonderful drive on an afternoon balmy enough to [call for] lowering the electric windows and we cruised along to mahler 's music playing on the six speaker sound system , through some of the most beautiful countryside we have ever seen .

Of 120 members nominated , forty-seven never sat ; of the remainder , twenty-seven did not sign the death warrant .
of 120 members nominated , forty-seven never sat ; of the remainder , twenty-seven did not sign the death [call for] .

At present exploration companies are much interested in the nickeliferous laterites that overlie the serpentinites on Santa Isabel , and stream-sediment geochemical work carried out by the Ministry has revealed a number of nickel and other metal anomalies that warrant further attention .
at present exploration companies are much interested in the nickeliferous laterites that overlie the serpentinites on santa isabel , and stream-sediment geochemical work carried out by the ministry has revealed a number of nickel and other metal anomalies that [call for] further attention .

All are believed to have been sentenced to death for criminal offences but a warrant had not been signed for their executions and some were still appealing against their conviction .
all are believed to have been sentenced to death for criminal offences but a [call for] had not been signed for their executions and some were still appealing against their conviction .

The Indian people dared to fight back for what was theirs , so the landowner entered the indigenous area accompanied by civil and military police , without a warrant , to seek out the ‘ arsonists ’ .
the indian people dared to fight back for what was theirs , so the landowner entered the indigenous area accompanied by civil and military police , without a [call for] , to seek out the ‘ arsonists ’ .

They had a warrant to search St Margaret 's church and the church hall and removed masks normally used in a nativity play , and Mr Mackenzie 's work diary from the previous year with all the religious festivals marked in it .
they had a [call for] to search st margaret 's church and the church hall and removed masks normally used in a nativity play , and mr mackenzie 's work diary from the previous year with all the religious festivals marked in it .

Without a warrant they also searched St Mary 's , another church within Mr Mackenzie 's parish .
without a [call for] they also searched st mary 's , another church within mr mackenzie 's parish .

Firstly , it could be argued that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal prosecution , and the Crown Office would need more if this was to proceed ; and secondly , that there was enough evidence to make it impossible to drop the case , but more was needed to make it substantial .
firstly , it could be argued that there was not sufficient evidence to [call for] a criminal prosecution , and the crown office would need more if this was to proceed ; and secondly , that there was enough evidence to make it impossible to drop the case , but more was needed to make it substantial .

, which is very similar to a warrant of execution in the county court .
, which is very similar to a [call for] of execution in the county court .

The under sheriff then issues a warrant for one of his bailiffs or officers to enforce the judgment by seizure of sufficient goods of the defendant to cover the judgment debt and costs , any accrued interest ( from date of judgment to date of payment ) , the sheriff 's charges , the fee on a writ of fi .
the under sheriff then issues a [call for] for one of his bailiffs or officers to enforce the judgment by seizure of sufficient goods of the defendant to cover the judgment debt and costs , any accrued interest ( from date of judgment to date of payment ) , the sheriff 's charges , the fee on a writ of fi .

The under sheriff will acknowledge the writ and let you know which officer is dealing with the warrant ; you should telephone the officer for reports of progress .
the under sheriff will acknowledge the writ and let you know which officer is dealing with the [call for] ; you should telephone the officer for reports of progress .

The Protestant reformers wanted to return as far as possible to the spirit of primitive Christianity and looked askance at the mystical tradition which seemed to have no warrant in Scripture .
the protestant reformers wanted to return as far as possible to the spirit of primitive christianity and looked askance at the mystical tradition which seemed to have no [call for] in scripture .

It was a technique applied to anyone sufficiently important to warrant the effort , such as the Bishop of Hereford , who died in Italy in 1282 .
it was a technique applied to anyone sufficiently important to [call for] the effort , such as the bishop of hereford , who died in italy in 1282 .

The results of the first two years really did not warrant such astronomical sums and Dennis knew that the following year he would have to pay Prost a sum equal to his evident worth .
the results of the first two years really did not [call for] such astronomical sums and dennis knew that the following year he would have to pay prost a sum equal to his evident worth .

Warrant of execution
[call for] of execution

The writ is then lodged with the Sheriff Clerk , and if all is in order a warrant for service of the writ on your debtor is granted .
the writ is then lodged with the sheriff clerk , and if all is in order a [call for] for service of the writ on your debtor is granted .

On 2nd October 1919 , the bailiffs arrived with a warrant of distraint ; master and matron left the premises on Thursday October 9th at 10 o'clock at night .
on 2nd october 1919 , the bailiffs arrived with a [call for] of distraint ; master and matron left the premises on thursday october 9th at 10 o'clock at night .

Other work is still recent enough to warrant being described at present as ‘ emerging good practice .
other work is still recent enough to [call for] being described at present as ‘ emerging good practice .

If ever the Royal Warrant were to appear on a headhunter 's letterhead , it would be Spencer Stuart 's , except that they would be too modest and discreet to make it public knowledge .
if ever the royal [call for] were to appear on a headhunter 's letterhead , it would be spencer stuart 's , except that they would be too modest and discreet to make it public knowledge .

Does foreign technology play an important role in alleviating Soviet economic difficulties ? Does it perform sufficiently better than Soviet equipment to warrant the hard currency expended upon it .
does foreign technology play an important role in alleviating soviet economic difficulties ? does it perform sufficiently better than soviet equipment to [call for] the hard currency expended upon it .

What can be asserted is that the benefits are too marginal to warrant the attention the subject has aroused — and the undertaking too complex to be able to withstand the political controversy surrounding it in the West .
what can be asserted is that the benefits are too marginal to [call for] the attention the subject has aroused — and the undertaking too complex to be able to withstand the political controversy surrounding it in the west .

In all cases , a central theme is that the failure of the project of providing foundations for knowledge does not warrant scepticism .
in all cases , a central theme is that the failure of the project of providing foundations for knowledge does not [call for] scepticism .

Quine 's response to someone who believes that there is evidence to warrant this extreme measure is that the sceptic is ‘ overreacting ’ , manifesting bizarre or deviant patterns of entrenchment of beliefs , different standards of plausibility and evidence .
quine 's response to someone who believes that there is evidence to [call for] this extreme measure is that the sceptic is ‘ overreacting ’ , manifesting bizarre or deviant patterns of entrenchment of beliefs , different standards of plausibility and evidence .

It does not , in any obvious way , require any supernatural warrant , while it is less arbitrary or relativistic than other secular ways of looking at the content of morality .
it does not , in any obvious way , require any supernatural [call for] , while it is less arbitrary or relativistic than other secular ways of looking at the content of morality .

Quantitative scores may be more appropriate for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which warrant further assessment and possibly some form of placement or remediation .
quantitative scores may be more appropriate for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which [call for] further assessment and possibly some form of placement or remediation .

This programme does not seem so radical in terms of social philosophies to warrant Lévi-Strauss 's optimism for its effects . It is , however , the way he makes a connection between anthropology and linguistics that makes his programme unusual :
this programme does not seem so radical in terms of social philosophies to [call for] lévi-strauss 's optimism for its effects . it is , however , the way he makes a connection between anthropology and linguistics that makes his programme unusual :

All we had to do now was satisfy ourselves that there was enough wreckage to warrant returning for a full-scale excavation .
all we had to do now was satisfy ourselves that there was enough wreckage to [call for] returning for a full-scale excavation .

On first referral to the agency an elderly client has to provide evidence of need , by demonstrating some degree of incapacity to warrant receipt of a service .
on first referral to the agency an elderly client has to provide evidence of need , by demonstrating some degree of incapacity to [call for] receipt of a service .

But he had little reason yet to ask for a search warrant and Mr Simpson would go purple in the face and throw every legal book in his considerable library at him if he so much as tried .
but he had little reason yet to ask for a search [call for] and mr simpson would go purple in the face and throw every legal book in his considerable library at him if he so much as tried .

But the truly irresistible and the immovable are abstractions ; great prizes warrant intense efforts and so in the case of fusion the quest continues .
but the truly irresistible and the immovable are abstractions ; great prizes [call for] intense efforts and so in the case of fusion the quest continues .

When there is a great wish for something to be true but the evidence for it is not yet complete , it can require great strength to resist the pressure to say more than the data warrant .
when there is a great wish for something to be true but the evidence for it is not yet complete , it can require great strength to resist the pressure to say more than the data [call for] .

He has been known to refuse autographs by pleading that he 's nothing special and really does n't warrant such attention .
he has been known to refuse autographs by pleading that he 's nothing special and really does n't [call for] such attention .

Two types have been produced by the Norwich firm of Tom Smith , which has held the Royal Warrant since 1906 .
two types have been produced by the norwich firm of tom smith , which has held the royal [call for] since 1906 .

It takes a special book to warrant a £100 price-tag .
it takes a special book to [call for] a £100 price-tag .

‘ The standard of football we produced against Marseille did not warrant us a place in the final .
‘ the standard of football we produced against marseille did not [call for] us a place in the final .

‘ Loans not in possession or not in arrears for in excess of six months are provided for on an individual basis if circumstances so warrant . ’
‘ loans not in possession or not in arrears for in excess of six months are provided for on an individual basis if circumstances so [call for] . ’

Dismissing the taxpayers ' appeals , Lord Justice Nourse said that the ordinary meaning of ‘ release ’ comprehended both a release given for full consideration and one given gratuitously , or for less than full consideration , and there was no warrant for putting the limitation , as contended by the tax-payers , on the word ‘ releases ’ in s 287 ( 1 ) .
dismissing the taxpayers ' appeals , lord justice nourse said that the ordinary meaning of ‘ release ’ comprehended both a release given for full consideration and one given gratuitously , or for less than full consideration , and there was no [call for] for putting the limitation , as contended by the tax-payers , on the word ‘ releases ’ in s 287 ( 1 ) .

Senior and middle managers tend to be in the Officer class ; junior managers and foremen in the Warrant Officer grade ; and the rest are in the ranks .
senior and middle managers tend to be in the officer class ; junior managers and foremen in the [call for] officer grade ; and the rest are in the ranks .

It is a very neat metaphor so , for example , foremen or supervisors are likened to Warrant Officers who are ‘ worthy gentlemen of extreme power ’ , as one manager described them .
it is a very neat metaphor so , for example , foremen or supervisors are likened to [call for] officers who are ‘ worthy gentlemen of extreme power ’ , as one manager described them .

Some officials objected to this arrangement in principle , but the government felt that the cost of additional personnel was too great to warrant changing it .
some officials objected to this arrangement in principle , but the government felt that the cost of additional personnel was too great to [call for] changing it .

When a warrant was issued for his arrest , the Hue and Cry listed among his friends four headmen and an ex-headman .
when a [call for] was issued for his arrest , the hue and cry listed among his friends four headmen and an ex-headman .

15 . Warrant :
15 . [call for] :

When a warrant is exercised , the amount previously recognised in respect of the warrant should be included in the net proceeds of the shares issued .
when a [call for] is exercised , the amount previously recognised in respect of the [call for] should be included in the net proceeds of the shares issued .

When a warrant lapses unexercised , the amount previously recognised in respect of the warrant should be reported in the statement of total recognised gains and losses .
when a [call for] lapses unexercised , the amount previously recognised in respect of the [call for] should be reported in the statement of total recognised gains and losses .

For example , a warrant will usually not be a liability as it does not contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits .
for example , a [call for] will usually not be a liability as it does not contain an obligation to transfer economic benefits .

But , if at the same time as the warrant is issued the issuer undertakes to redeem it , the agreement to redeem the warrant should be considered together with that for the issue of the warrant itself .
but , if at the same time as the [call for] is issued the issuer undertakes to redeem it , the agreement to redeem the [call for] should be considered together with that for the issue of the [call for] itself .

The price paid for a warrant can be thought of as part of the subscription price for a share which may ( or may not ) be issued at a future date .
the price paid for a [call for] can be thought of as part of the subscription price for a share which may ( or may not ) be issued at a future date .

Once the warrant expires unexercised the amount paid for the warrant accrues to the benefit of the shareholders .
once the [call for] expires unexercised the amount paid for the [call for] accrues to the benefit of the shareholders .

It is important to select individuals who can be selective in identifying the areas that warrant their attention and who then persevere until satisfied .
it is important to select individuals who can be selective in identifying the areas that [call for] their attention and who then persevere until satisfied .

Dustman Peter Hunter was later jailed for life after being found guilty of raping and murdering the teenage daughter of an army warrant officer .
dustman peter hunter was later jailed for life after being found guilty of raping and murdering the teenage daughter of an army [call for] officer .

When they stopped off in Wolverhampton to change trains a fight broke out after they angered other drinkers by waving their warrant cards .
when they stopped off in wolverhampton to change trains a fight broke out after they angered other drinkers by waving their [call for] cards .

Magistrates issued a warrant for his arrest .
magistrates issued a [call for] for his arrest .

Yesterday , magistrates issued a warrant for his arrest .
yesterday , magistrates issued a [call for] for his arrest .

They saw red when he got away with the offence by waving his warrant card at a traffic warden .
they saw red when he got away with the offence by waving his [call for] card at a traffic warden .

Or perhaps authority may come from some prestigious so the domain of the practitioner , as when techniques are recommended on the grounds that they have the warrant of proven theory .
or perhaps authority may come from some prestigious so the domain of the practitioner , as when techniques are recommended on the grounds that they have the [call for] of proven theory .

It should be noted that this view of teacher education does not give warrant to abstract speculation for its own sake in dissociation from actuality .
it should be noted that this view of teacher education does not give [call for] to abstract speculation for its own sake in dissociation from actuality .

The reason for the appeal has to be physical , or physically manifest , and the experienced rating surveyor will advise whether circumstances warrant it .
the reason for the appeal has to be physical , or physically manifest , and the experienced rating surveyor will advise whether circumstances [call for] it .

But there can be practical difficulties in implementing this , particularly in small and medium-sized companies where the number of treasury transactions does not warrant employing several staff .
but there can be practical difficulties in implementing this , particularly in small and medium-sized companies where the number of treasury transactions does not [call for] employing several staff .

They emphasised that the data represented the successful application of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , reflecting the kinds of people agents of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to warrant official action .
they emphasised that the data represented the successful application of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , reflecting the kinds of people agents of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to [call for] official action .

Vacancies were not the only occasions for such pressure , for there were on occasion officers functioning without a treasury warrant , and should this fact become known , pressure would be exerted to secure their removal in order to create a vacancy for a man with friends among the freeholders or councillors .
vacancies were not the only occasions for such pressure , for there were on occasion officers functioning without a treasury [call for] , and should this fact become known , pressure would be exerted to secure their removal in order to create a vacancy for a man with friends among the freeholders or councillors .

No , they had no warrant , but they could take him and the boat back to Oban , where a warrant could be obtained No objection ?
no , they had no [call for] , but they could take him and the boat back to oban , where a [call for] could be obtained no objection ?

John Papanek ( top ) , managing editor of Sports Illustrated , still feels rugby is too minor a sport to warrant any coverage .
john papanek ( top ) , managing editor of sports illustrated , still feels rugby is too minor a sport to [call for] any coverage .

On player rankings , they certainly warrant a higher placing .
on player rankings , they certainly [call for] a higher placing .

There were problems with the warrant , and the Legal Attaché was going to be down at New Scotland Yard for the morning , and probably for the afternoon .
there were problems with the [call for] , and the legal attaché was going to be down at new scotland yard for the morning , and probably for the afternoon .

The extradition was still stalled ; there was another fraud investigation involving a British defence equipment company that had been ripped off in an American takeover deal ; there was a coke run in London that the Bureau in New York were interested in ; there was a guy who was under surveillance and who was going to have a Grand Jury warrant out for him for chopping his girlfriend 's mother into small pieces ; there were investigations that were vaguer , and things that were closer .
the extradition was still stalled ; there was another fraud investigation involving a british defence equipment company that had been ripped off in an american takeover deal ; there was a coke run in london that the bureau in new york were interested in ; there was a guy who was under surveillance and who was going to have a grand jury [call for] out for him for chopping his girlfriend 's mother into small pieces ; there were investigations that were vaguer , and things that were closer .

All systems are constructed from bought-in components which may themselves be complex enough to warrant a human factors evaluation .
all systems are constructed from bought-in components which may themselves be complex enough to [call for] a human factors evaluation .

Manuals which may contain maps , schematic diagrams and other materials warrant separate consideration .
manuals which may contain maps , schematic diagrams and other materials [call for] separate consideration .

The variety of management tasks is often so great as to warrant a task analysis with separate skills analyses of particular tasks or groups of tasks .
the variety of management tasks is often so great as to [call for] a task analysis with separate skills analyses of particular tasks or groups of tasks .

Thus his marriage certificate became also his death warrant
thus his marriage certificate became also his death [call for]

Joan asked if the police had had a warrant and she replied , ‘ Yes .
joan asked if the police had had a [call for] and she replied , ‘ yes .

The police assured her they were certain that no warrant had been issued for his arrest and that they did not even know his name .
the police assured her they were certain that no [call for] had been issued for his arrest and that they did not even know his name .

13.1 does not warrant that the Licensed Software will be error-free but if any copy of the Licensed Software is demonstrated to within 90 ( ninety ) days from the date of delivery to the end user to contain or have contained an error or malfunction , shall use all reasonable endeavours to correct such error or malfunction , or , as its option , to replace such copy of the Licensed Software free of charge , provided that :
13.1 does not [call for] that the licensed software will be error-free but if any copy of the licensed software is demonstrated to within 90 ( ninety ) days from the date of delivery to the end user to contain or have contained an error or malfunction , shall use all reasonable endeavours to correct such error or malfunction , or , as its option , to replace such copy of the licensed software free of charge , provided that :

The Authors jointly and severally warrant to the Publisher that the Company is entitled to the relevant services of the Authors and is therefore in as position to contract in this way with the Publisher , and that this will continue to be so throughout the period of the Publishing Agreement .
the authors jointly and severally [call for] to the publisher that the company is entitled to the relevant services of the authors and is therefore in as position to contract in this way with the publisher , and that this will continue to be so throughout the period of the publishing agreement .

The Authors jointly and severally warrant that the Company has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Authors ' own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous , defamatory , obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter ; and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true .
the authors jointly and severally [call for] that the company has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the authors ' own contributions to the work are original and contain no libellous , defamatory , obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter ; and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true .

6.1 The Author hereby warrant that he/she has the right to authorise exploitation of the Script in accordance with the terms hereby agreed and the Author hereby agrees to indemnify the Publisher against any breach loss or damage arising out of any breach or violation of the above warranty
6.1 the author hereby [call for] that he/she has the right to authorise exploitation of the script in accordance with the terms hereby agreed and the author hereby agrees to indemnify the publisher against any breach loss or damage arising out of any breach or violation of the above warranty

6.1 The Author hereby warrant that he/she has the right to authorise exploitation of the Script in accordance with the terms hereby agreed and the Author hereby agrees to indemnify the Publisher against any breach loss or damage arising out of any breach or violation of the above warranty
6.1 the author hereby [call for] that he/she has the right to authorise exploitation of the script in accordance with the terms hereby agreed and the author hereby agrees to indemnify the publisher against any breach loss or damage arising out of any breach or violation of the above warranty

Neither hospital was sufficiently remote from its catchment area to warrant the intervention of the centre to impose closure .
neither hospital was sufficiently remote from its catchment area to [call for] the intervention of the centre to impose closure .

In July 1991 a warrant was issued for the officer 's arrest but to date he has not been apprehended .
in july 1991 a [call for] was issued for the officer 's arrest but to date he has not been apprehended .

After this recommended detour to Ru Stoer , the road to Lochinver is resumed as it turns south and passes between the scattered buildings of the village of Stoer , occupying a bleak area of the coastal belt and itself having no features of special interest to warrant a halt , but blessed with a lovely bay and sandy beaches nearby .
after this recommended detour to ru stoer , the road to lochinver is resumed as it turns south and passes between the scattered buildings of the village of stoer , occupying a bleak area of the coastal belt and itself having no features of special interest to [call for] a halt , but blessed with a lovely bay and sandy beaches nearby .

But there have been so many of these little mistakes , you see , that we 've been obliged to have a warrant made out .
but there have been so many of these little mistakes , you see , that we 've been obliged to have a [call for] made out .

‘ We do n't have to use this warrant , of course , ’ persisted the Brigadier quietly , and after a moment 's pause he added : ‘ We found a dose of heroin over at Scano 's place yesterday . ‘
‘ we do n't have to use this [call for] , of course , ’ persisted the brigadier quietly , and after a moment 's pause he added : ‘ we found a dose of heroin over at scano 's place yesterday . ‘

If you ca n't help us we shall have to come back with that warrant .
if you ca n't help us we shall have to come back with that [call for] .

‘ You want a warrant ? ’
‘ you want a [call for] ? ’

‘ You 'll need a warrant , ’ was his parting observation , ‘ to search that flat .
‘ you 'll need a [call for] , ’ was his parting observation , ‘ to search that flat .

‘ You 'd better come to the flat with me for a start , as soon as the warrant arrives .
‘ you 'd better come to the flat with me for a start , as soon as the [call for] arrives .

While they were waiting for the warrant to arrive the Captain telephoned the American Consulate to inform them of Deborah Maxwell 's citizenship .
while they were waiting for the [call for] to arrive the captain telephoned the american consulate to inform them of deborah maxwell 's citizenship .

The Marshal only stared at the warrant , his great eyes bulging more than ever .
the marshal only stared at the [call for] , his great eyes bulging more than ever .

‘ You can give me that warrant for Demontis .
‘ you can give me that [call for] for demontis .

He wrote to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to apply for the Chiltern Hundreds on Saturday , apparently , and no one seems quite sure whether the resignation dates from the day the letter was received or the date the warrant is signed by the Chancellor .
he wrote to the chancellor of the exchequer to apply for the chiltern hundreds on saturday , apparently , and no one seems quite sure whether the resignation dates from the day the letter was received or the date the [call for] is signed by the chancellor .

The ocean carrier , therefore , was deemed to warrant to the consignor safe transport and delivery and could avoid liability only if he proved that something in the nature of force majeure had intervened .
the ocean carrier , therefore , was deemed to [call for] to the consignor safe transport and delivery and could avoid liability only if he proved that something in the nature of force majeure had intervened .

It is in relation to post-war trends that the data are not adequate enough to warrant making definitive conclusions .
it is in relation to post-war trends that the data are not adequate enough to [call for] making definitive conclusions .

So also , where an impoverished family left their accommodation on receipt of a distress warrant for rent arrears rather than wait for an eviction order , they were held by the House of Lords to have become homeless intentionally and this encouraged local housing authorities to require such orders before accepting such homeless applicants .
so also , where an impoverished family left their accommodation on receipt of a distress [call for] for rent arrears rather than wait for an eviction order , they were held by the house of lords to have become homeless intentionally and this encouraged local housing authorities to require such orders before accepting such homeless applicants .

He might still only be a juvenile who had never flown freely on the wind but he felt he had done nothing to warrant the abuse and fury of an eagle whose name he did not even know .
he might still only be a juvenile who had never flown freely on the wind but he felt he had done nothing to [call for] the abuse and fury of an eagle whose name he did not even know .

The chef who ran it was a warrant officer and a bastard , who ruled with a rod of iron .
the chef who ran it was a [call for] officer and a bastard , who ruled with a rod of iron .

The chef warrant officer was every bit as odious as Ingrid had been told to expect .
the chef [call for] officer was every bit as odious as ingrid had been told to expect .

She had religiously sought out the warrant officer chef every day to offer him her tail , and by the sixth day she had him purring like a kitten .
she had religiously sought out the [call for] officer chef every day to offer him her tail , and by the sixth day she had him purring like a kitten .

When Paine stated that a governmental act contrary to the constitution is an act of ‘ power without right ’ , did he thereby imply that such an act would be unconstitutional ? In Bolingbroke 's terms such an act would warrant the conclusion that the government is not a good one ; is this the same thing ?
when paine stated that a governmental act contrary to the constitution is an act of ‘ power without right ’ , did he thereby imply that such an act would be unconstitutional ? in bolingbroke 's terms such an act would [call for] the conclusion that the government is not a good one ; is this the same thing ?

Prohibitions are nevertheless crimes because , in Matza 's words , ‘ they elicit authorized state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently warrant intervention ’ ( Matza , 1964:161 ) .
prohibitions are nevertheless crimes because , in matza 's words , ‘ they elicit authorized state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently [call for] intervention ’ ( matza , 1964:161 ) .

You got a warrant to bust in here ?
you got a [call for] to bust in here ?

Have you got a warrant ?
have you got a [call for] ?

The motivation for the project was : staff recognition of a need to evaluate whether children made any real progress in their written work between 1st year infants and 4th year juniors ; whether too much was expected too soon , and whether it is possible to decide an age when the average child could be expected to be competent in certain skills ; whether the language curriculum throughout the school was sufficiently broad in terms of coverage or whether there was unnecessary duplication ; whether the most able children were being stretched enough ; whether there was any justification for ‘ setting ’ across classes for certain kinds of work ; whether pooling teacher energy and resources on a common topic increased intra-staff awareness and co-operation , and co-operation and interest among children from different classes ; and finally , whether whole-school topic work appeared sufficiently worthwhile in terms of children 's learning experiences to warrant repetition at some future date .
the motivation for the project was : staff recognition of a need to evaluate whether children made any real progress in their written work between 1st year infants and 4th year juniors ; whether too much was expected too soon , and whether it is possible to decide an age when the average child could be expected to be competent in certain skills ; whether the language curriculum throughout the school was sufficiently broad in terms of coverage or whether there was unnecessary duplication ; whether the most able children were being stretched enough ; whether there was any justification for ‘ setting ’ across classes for certain kinds of work ; whether pooling teacher energy and resources on a common topic increased intra-staff awareness and co-operation , and co-operation and interest among children from different classes ; and finally , whether whole-school topic work appeared sufficiently worthwhile in terms of children 's learning experiences to [call for] repetition at some future date .

The fact that opposite directions of movement may in some circumstances be associated with different questions , considered a priori to encourage different types of cognitive activity , is not sufficient evidence to warrant the conclusion that opposite hemispheres are being engaged .
the fact that opposite directions of movement may in some circumstances be associated with different questions , considered a priori to encourage different types of cognitive activity , is not sufficient evidence to [call for] the conclusion that opposite hemispheres are being engaged .

( 1983 ) did not consider them a sufficiently important part of the gull 's diet to warrant mention by name .
( 1983 ) did not consider them a sufficiently important part of the gull 's diet to [call for] mention by name .

The only reason for Mr. Bell being before the justice was that he had been arrested without warrant under section 7 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1976 and was being brought before her under section 7 ( 4 ) .
the only reason for mr. bell being before the justice was that he had been arrested without [call for] under section 7 ( 3 ) of the act of 1976 and was being brought before her under section 7 ( 4 ) .

In my judgment , Parliament intended to and did provide a simple and expeditious method of dealing with a person arrested without warrant by a constable who had reasonable grounds for believing that that person had broken a condition of his bail , or was likely to break a condition of his bail , or was likely to fail to surrender to custody .
in my judgment , parliament intended to and did provide a simple and expeditious method of dealing with a person arrested without [call for] by a constable who had reasonable grounds for believing that that person had broken a condition of his bail , or was likely to break a condition of his bail , or was likely to fail to surrender to custody .

Secondly , it means that the person who has been arrested under section 7 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1976 by a constable without warrant has the matter resolved one way or the other within 24 hours , or sooner if practicable , subject to the exceptions of Christmas Day , Good Friday and Sundays , and the prosecution , if they wish a remand in custody or the imposition of more stringent conditions , must make sure that they have within that time period sufficient material to place before the justice to enable the justice to form one of the opinions set out in section 7 ( 5 ) .
secondly , it means that the person who has been arrested under section 7 ( 3 ) of the act of 1976 by a constable without [call for] has the matter resolved one way or the other within 24 hours , or sooner if practicable , subject to the exceptions of christmas day , good friday and sundays , and the prosecution , if they wish a remand in custody or the imposition of more stringent conditions , must make sure that they have within that time period sufficient material to place before the justice to enable the justice to form one of the opinions set out in section 7 ( 5 ) .

But did Humphreys warrant the punishment he received ?
but did humphreys [call for] the punishment he received ?

‘ We see no warrant for not following ample precedent , now well set , for the proposition that mere delay which gives rise to prejudice and unfairness may by itself amount to an abuse of the process .
‘ we see no [call for] for not following ample precedent , now well set , for the proposition that mere delay which gives rise to prejudice and unfairness may by itself amount to an abuse of the process .

On October 13 , 1988 a social worker who had become concerned about her condition obtained a warrant under section 135 of the Mental Health Act 1983 and attended the patient 's home with doctors and police and , following an examination , the patient was admitted to a hospital for 72 hours .
on october 13 , 1988 a social worker who had become concerned about her condition obtained a [call for] under section 135 of the mental health act 1983 and attended the patient 's home with doctors and police and , following an examination , the patient was admitted to a hospital for 72 hours .

At the time a person is charged he shall be given a written notice showing particulars of the offence with which he is charged and including the name of the officer in the case ( in terrorist cases , the officer 's warrant number instead ) , his police station and the reference number for the case .
at the time a person is charged he shall be given a written notice showing particulars of the offence with which he is charged and including the name of the officer in the case ( in terrorist cases , the officer 's [call for] number instead ) , his police station and the reference number for the case .

But , if you do find yourself in the situation of describing an area of life you are unfamiliar with , remember the man with the magnum of champagne and avoid , as far as you possibly can , using any fact , however trivial , however seductive , that you have no warrant for in someone else 's words or pictures .
but , if you do find yourself in the situation of describing an area of life you are unfamiliar with , remember the man with the magnum of champagne and avoid , as far as you possibly can , using any fact , however trivial , however seductive , that you have no [call for] for in someone else 's words or pictures .

The news that Sipotai had tried to recover by force the st'lyan which had been commandeered under the Kha-Khan 's warrant would be bad enough especially since the attempt had failed .
the news that sipotai had tried to recover by force the st'lyan which had been commandeered under the kha-khan 's [call for] would be bad enough especially since the attempt had failed .

There are now several benefits — family credit , free school meals , housing benefit and grants from the Social Fund , for example — that can help families in financial need , but the processes of application and appeal for these are complex enough to warrant the assistance of social workers in many instances .
there are now several benefits — family credit , free school meals , housing benefit and grants from the social fund , for example — that can help families in financial need , but the processes of application and appeal for these are complex enough to [call for] the assistance of social workers in many instances .

Whilst the situation has not reached the endemic proportions of mentally ill people who are homeless in America , the situation of these groups in Britain is serious enough to warrant consideration and a commitment to funding of decent support in the community .
whilst the situation has not reached the endemic proportions of mentally ill people who are homeless in america , the situation of these groups in britain is serious enough to [call for] consideration and a commitment to funding of decent support in the community .

The consequences of inadequately treated infection in pregnancy — acute pyelonephritis and premature delivery — are serious enough to warrant a cautious therapeutic approach and careful microbiological follow up .
the consequences of inadequately treated infection in pregnancy — acute pyelonephritis and premature delivery — are serious enough to [call for] a cautious therapeutic approach and careful microbiological follow up .

Culley slid his warrant card across the table .
culley slid his [call for] card across the table .

These would take into account pain and disability at levels that do not currently warrant revision .
these would take into account pain and disability at levels that do not currently [call for] revision .

" This Meeting having with much regret felt the Inconveniences arising to the Island for the Want of a Jail , wherein Disturbers of the Peace and other Transgressors of the Law might be Confined … are of the opinion that Shawfield should be apply 'd to , and these Grievances Stated , that he may of course procure the Sherriff 's warrant to have a Jail Established … "
" this meeting having with much regret felt the inconveniences arising to the island for the want of a jail , wherein disturbers of the peace and other transgressors of the law might be confined … are of the opinion that shawfield should be apply 'd to , and these grievances stated , that he may of course procure the sherriff 's [call for] to have a jail established … "

28–1 At a congregation meeting they resolved that , as under present circumstances the Spiritual and moral interests of the congregation and the large outlying population can not be adequately attended to while Bowmore remains a mere station of the church , seeing that when probationers and Deputies of the Church come their stay is but temporary and quite insufficient for the necessities of the place , that an effort be made to raise the contributions of the congregation to an amount which might warrant the Presbytery to recommend to the Assembly that Bowmore be made a regularly sanctioned charge .
28–1 at a congregation meeting they resolved that , as under present circumstances the spiritual and moral interests of the congregation and the large outlying population can not be adequately attended to while bowmore remains a mere station of the church , seeing that when probationers and deputies of the church come their stay is but temporary and quite insufficient for the necessities of the place , that an effort be made to raise the contributions of the congregation to an amount which might [call for] the presbytery to recommend to the assembly that bowmore be made a regularly sanctioned charge .

Donald McIntyre , then resident in Kilmeny , was apprehended by the police without a warrant on suspicion of being connected in the mysterious disappearance of a man .
donald mcintyre , then resident in kilmeny , was apprehended by the police without a [call for] on suspicion of being connected in the mysterious disappearance of a man .

When Ribbentrop and Molotov signed the Nazi-Soviet pact of nonaggression on 23 August 1939 , `` they signed the death warrant of Paul Nizan . ``
when ribbentrop and molotov signed the nazi-soviet pact of nonaggression on 23 august 1939 , `` they signed the death [call for] of paul nizan . ``

This occurred for a number of reasons : laparoscopy became a widely used diagnostic tool , with diagnosis no longer being restricted to patients with disease severe enough to warrant laparotomy , and gynaecologists became aware of the myriad visual appearances of endometriosis which represent evolution of the disease through visually distinct stages to the relatively inactive classic blue-black lesions .
this occurred for a number of reasons : laparoscopy became a widely used diagnostic tool , with diagnosis no longer being restricted to patients with disease severe enough to [call for] laparotomy , and gynaecologists became aware of the myriad visual appearances of endometriosis which represent evolution of the disease through visually distinct stages to the relatively inactive classic blue-black lesions .

There is some merit in the Royal Commission 's reasoning , but it does not seem to warrant so total a separation of the two branches of the profession as exists currently .
there is some merit in the royal commission 's reasoning , but it does not seem to [call for] so total a separation of the two branches of the profession as exists currently .

For example : Chat and squabble are both spoken and informal ; lecture and menu both inform ; prescription and warrant both depend on the sender 's office .
for example : chat and squabble are both spoken and informal ; lecture and menu both inform ; prescription and [call for] both depend on the sender 's office .

Thus , although anyone can have a conversation or write a poem , it seems necessary to have a legal office of some kind to write a warrant .
thus , although anyone can have a conversation or write a poem , it seems necessary to have a legal office of some kind to write a [call for] .

‘ In the case of a fugitive criminal accused of an extradition crime , if the foreign warrant authorising the arrest of such criminal is duly authenticated , and such evidence is produced as ( subject to the provisions of this Schedule ) would , according to the law of England and Wales , justify the committal for trial of the prisoner if the crime of which he is accused had been committed in England or Wales , the metropolitan magistrate shall commit him to prison , but otherwise shall order him to be discharged .
‘ in the case of a fugitive criminal accused of an extradition crime , if the foreign [call for] authorising the arrest of such criminal is duly authenticated , and such evidence is produced as ( subject to the provisions of this schedule ) would , according to the law of england and wales , justify the committal for trial of the prisoner if the crime of which he is accused had been committed in england or wales , the metropolitan magistrate shall commit him to prison , but otherwise shall order him to be discharged .

In the present case , the foreign warrant was duly authenticated .
in the present case , the foreign [call for] was duly authenticated .

The committal warrant was signed by the judge but the contemnor complained that , contrary to Ord .
the committal [call for] was signed by the judge but the contemnor complained that , contrary to ord .

By a notice of appeal dated 7 July 1992 the husband appealed on the ground that a copy of the committal order had not been served on him either before or at the time of the execution of the warrant as required by Ord. 29 , r. 1(5) ( a ) of the County Court Rules 1981 ( as amended ) and that in consequence the order was invalid and/or defective and should be set aside .
by a notice of appeal dated 7 july 1992 the husband appealed on the ground that a copy of the committal order had not been served on him either before or at the time of the execution of the [call for] as required by ord. 29 , r. 1(5) ( a ) of the county court rules 1981 ( as amended ) and that in consequence the order was invalid and/or defective and should be set aside .

The judge signed the committal warrant and the police conveyed Mr. Butler to prison , giving the warrant to the governor .
the judge signed the committal [call for] and the police conveyed mr. butler to prison , giving the [call for] to the governor .

‘ If a committal order is made , the order shall be for the issue of a warrant of committal and , unless the judge otherwise orders — ( a ) a copy of the order shall be served on the person to be committed either before or at the time of the execution of the warrant ; or ( b ) where the warrant has been signed by the judge , the order for issue of the warrant may be served on the person to be committed at any time within 36 hours after the execution of the warrant .
‘ if a committal order is made , the order shall be for the issue of a [call for] of committal and , unless the judge otherwise orders — ( a ) a copy of the order shall be served on the person to be committed either before or at the time of the execution of the [call for] ; or ( b ) where the [call for] has been signed by the judge , the order for issue of the [call for] may be served on the person to be committed at any time within 36 hours after the execution of the [call for] .

The procedural impropriety does not , in the circumstances of this case , warrant the setting aside of the committal order or Mr. Butler 's release from prison .
the procedural impropriety does not , in the circumstances of this case , [call for] the setting aside of the committal order or mr. butler 's release from prison .

Landlord and Tenant — Harassment — Residential occupier — Possession order against statutory tenant — Landlord forcibly ejecting tenant without execution of warrant of possession — Whether re-entry lawful — Whether tenant entitled to damages for unlawful eviction — Rent Act 1977 ( c. 42 ) , s. 2(1) ( a ) — Protection from Eviction Act 1977 ( c. 43 ) , s. 3 — Housing Act 1988 ( c. 50 ) , s. 27
landlord and tenant — harassment — residential occupier — possession order against statutory tenant — landlord forcibly ejecting tenant without execution of [call for] of possession — whether re-entry lawful — whether tenant entitled to damages for unlawful eviction — rent act 1977 ( c. 42 ) , s. 2(1) ( a ) — protection from eviction act 1977 ( c. 43 ) , s. 3 — housing act 1988 ( c. 50 ) , s. 27

Knowing of that application the plaintiff obtained a warrant of possession but , before it was executed , forcibly ejected the defendant from the premises .
knowing of that application the plaintiff obtained a [call for] of possession but , before it was executed , forcibly ejected the defendant from the premises .

The defendant counterclaimed that as a residential occupier she was protected by section 3 of the Protection from Eviction Act 1977 so that she could only be evicted by means of execution of a warrant of possession , and she sought damages for unlawful eviction under section 27 of the Housing Act 1988 ..
the defendant counterclaimed that as a residential occupier she was protected by section 3 of the protection from eviction act 1977 so that she could only be evicted by means of execution of a [call for] of possession , and she sought damages for unlawful eviction under section 27 of the housing act 1988 ..

The judge held that the plaintiff had not been entitled to re-enter without execution by warrant and accordingly awarded the defendant damages on the counterclaim .
the judge held that the plaintiff had not been entitled to re-enter without execution by [call for] and accordingly awarded the defendant damages on the counterclaim .

By a notice of appeal dated 25 November 1991 , and pursuant to the grant of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 December 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the Housing Act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the Rent Act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been obtained against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to obtain a warrant of possession .
by a notice of appeal dated 25 november 1991 , and pursuant to the grant of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 december 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the housing act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the rent act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been obtained against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to obtain a [call for] of possession .

By a respondent 's notice dated 25 January 1992 the defendant sought that the judgment be affirmed on the additional ground that she was a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the Act of 1988 because her right to remain in occupation was controlled by the Rent Act 1977 so that she could not be evicted except by enforcement of the possession order by a bailiff executing a warrant for possession , whether or not her statutory tenancy had been terminated by the possession order .
by a respondent 's notice dated 25 january 1992 the defendant sought that the judgment be affirmed on the additional ground that she was a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the act of 1988 because her right to remain in occupation was controlled by the rent act 1977 so that she could not be evicted except by enforcement of the possession order by a bailiff executing a [call for] for possession , whether or not her statutory tenancy had been terminated by the possession order .

She contends that the tenant ceased to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , alternatively , when the possession order took effect or , alternatively , when her client applied for the warrant of execution .
she contends that the tenant ceased to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , alternatively , when the possession order took effect or , alternatively , when her client applied for the [call for] of execution .

There is no warrant for construing clause 9 ( a ) in such a manner as to cover costs , charges and expenses of an unreasonable amount or unreasonably incurred .
there is no [call for] for construing clause 9 ( a ) in such a manner as to cover costs , charges and expenses of an unreasonable amount or unreasonably incurred .

On 26 February 1988 the landlord took out a distress warrant in respect of the outstanding rent , then said to amount to £17,866 .
on 26 february 1988 the landlord took out a distress [call for] in respect of the outstanding rent , then said to amount to £17,866 .

On 2 March 1988 two bailiffs attended to execute the warrant .
on 2 march 1988 two bailiffs attended to execute the [call for] .

‘ The action is an action for money had and received ; and it is brought upon this ground ; namely , that the money was paid to the defendant without any consideration ; the duty , for which , and in respect of which he received it , not having been imposed by lawful or sufficient authority to warrant the same .
‘ the action is an action for money had and received ; and it is brought upon this ground ; namely , that the money was paid to the defendant without any consideration ; the duty , for which , and in respect of which he received it , not having been imposed by lawful or sufficient authority to [call for] the same .

In principle the appellants should not be permitted to retain payments for which they have no warrant to charge .
in principle the appellants should not be permitted to retain payments for which they have no [call for] to charge .

‘ The action is an action for money had and received ; and it is brought upon this ground ; namely , that the money was paid to the defendant without any consideration ; the duty , for which , and in respect of which he received it , not having been imposed by lawful or sufficient authority to warrant the same .
‘ the action is an action for money had and received ; and it is brought upon this ground ; namely , that the money was paid to the defendant without any consideration ; the duty , for which , and in respect of which he received it , not having been imposed by lawful or sufficient authority to [call for] the same .

Crystal submits that the issue involved in this appeal is a short point of construction and that there is simply no warrant for the suggestion that section 31 of the Act of 1968 embraces or was ever intended to embrace bankruptcy proceedings .
crystal submits that the issue involved in this appeal is a short point of construction and that there is simply no [call for] for the suggestion that section 31 of the act of 1968 embraces or was ever intended to embrace bankruptcy proceedings .

Where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied execution , the court from which the execution or other process was issued must be specified together with particulars of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a warrant of execution or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .
where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied execution , the court from which the execution or other process was issued must be specified together with particulars of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a [call for] of execution or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .

If you are unable to recognise the various fragments that turn up on early sits , you may not consider the area to warrant further searching .
if you are unable to recognise the various fragments that turn up on early sits , you may not consider the area to [call for] further searching .

Day continues : ‘ Very few outlets would warrant more than one product , and that is usually a lager , so ale brands find it quite difficult to get in-trade distribution .
day continues : ‘ very few outlets would [call for] more than one product , and that is usually a lager , so ale brands find it quite difficult to get in-trade distribution .

( 3 ) In relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that Act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said Act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .
( 3 ) in relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a [call for] for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the building ( scotland ) act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that act , or that no [call for] for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a [call for] for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such [call for] is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a [call for] for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a [call for] for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the [call for] a [call for] for the change of use will be granted , or that no such [call for] is required .

( 3 ) The Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 defines `` warrant `` as meaning a warrant under s.6 of the Act , including ( in the case of a warrant which has been granted ) any conditions to which it is subject , and any amendment which has been made to it .
( 3 ) the building ( scotland ) act 1959 defines `` [call for] `` as meaning a [call for] under s.6 of the act , including ( in the case of a [call for] which has been granted ) any conditions to which it is subject , and any amendment which has been made to it .

5.6 makes it obligatory ( with certain exceptions ) for a person conducting building operations or changing the use of a building to apply to the buildings authority for a warrant authorising the proposed works .
5.6 makes it obligatory ( with certain exceptions ) for a person conducting building operations or changing the use of a building to apply to the buildings authority for a [call for] authorising the proposed works .

The warrant is not granted unless the proposed works are in accordance with the appropriate building regulations .
the [call for] is not granted unless the proposed works are in accordance with the appropriate building regulations .

There 's a fine line between clever and stupid and Warrant are nowhere near it .
there 's a fine line between clever and stupid and [call for] are nowhere near it .

Taking as its basic premise the principle that courses of higher education should be made available to all those able and willing to benefit from them , it affirmed its belief that the pool of ability , especially among girls , who at that time were grossly under-represented in higher education , was sufficiently deep to warrant an expansion in the numbers of full-time and sandwich students in higher education in England , Scotland and Wales from 216,000 in 1962–3 to 390,000 in 1973–4 and 560,000 in 1980–1 .
taking as its basic premise the principle that courses of higher education should be made available to all those able and willing to benefit from them , it affirmed its belief that the pool of ability , especially among girls , who at that time were grossly under-represented in higher education , was sufficiently deep to [call for] an expansion in the numbers of full-time and sandwich students in higher education in england , scotland and wales from 216,000 in 1962–3 to 390,000 in 1973–4 and 560,000 in 1980–1 .

‘ Then you will act upon my warrant and have the boy terminated ?
‘ then you will act upon my [call for] and have the boy terminated ?

The steward opened his mouth then closed it again , seeing the Security warrant card the man was holding out .
the steward opened his mouth then closed it again , seeing the security [call for] card the man was holding out .

‘ Ah … ’ She narrowed her eyes , then tilted her head slightly , indicating the warrant card he still held in one hand . ‘ And that 's real ? ’
‘ ah … ’ she narrowed her eyes , then tilted her head slightly , indicating the [call for] card he still held in one hand . ‘ and that 's real ? ’

The story was an ancient warrant that the girls of those parts were the beauties of their day , that there 'd been no break with the proud Greek tradition .
the story was an ancient [call for] that the girls of those parts were the beauties of their day , that there 'd been no break with the proud greek tradition .

There was nothing to worry about : if there had been , the fuzz would have come in with a warrant .
there was nothing to worry about : if there had been , the fuzz would have come in with a [call for] .

Many interests may be extremely important to an individual even though they would not warrant the label ‘ Hohfeldian right .
many interests may be extremely important to an individual even though they would not [call for] the label ‘ hohfeldian right .

That term was automatically held to be satisfied when the effects on the interests of the individual were felt to be serious enough to warrant procedural protection , and this was so whether the context was deprivation of an office , expulsion from a trade association , the destruction of one 's property , or the loss of something which would juridically be called a privilege .
that term was automatically held to be satisfied when the effects on the interests of the individual were felt to be serious enough to [call for] procedural protection , and this was so whether the context was deprivation of an office , expulsion from a trade association , the destruction of one 's property , or the loss of something which would juridically be called a privilege .

Provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases warrant more procedural protection than all initial application cases , irrespective of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .
provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases [call for] more procedural protection than all initial application cases , irrespective of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .

Is there warrant for this in constitutional theory or judicial practice ?
is there [call for] for this in constitutional theory or judicial practice ?

It requires , in all but the most self-evident cases , the recognition that the content which is given to concepts such as proportionality will be dependent upon the identification of the particular political theory which is said to warrant the conclusion which is being drawn .
it requires , in all but the most self-evident cases , the recognition that the content which is given to concepts such as proportionality will be dependent upon the identification of the particular political theory which is said to [call for] the conclusion which is being drawn .

It took Edwards 's warrant card , two library tickets , a pay-slip and a snapshot of himself and his fiancee on the beach at Scarborough to win him admittance .
it took edwards 's [call for] card , two library tickets , a pay-slip and a snapshot of himself and his fiancee on the beach at scarborough to win him admittance .

He studied her warrant card intently , as though there might be some real doubt about her identity , and then returned it to her without even the glimmer of a smile .
he studied her [call for] card intently , as though there might be some real doubt about her identity , and then returned it to her without even the glimmer of a smile .

She could not be issued with a warrant for her visit .
she could not be issued with a [call for] for her visit .

The importance of these variations in children 's use of classroom time lies less in the precise quantifications than the questions they provoke . Why do such variations occur ? To what extent are they inevitable ? Does the situation warrant improvement ? If so , what ?
the importance of these variations in children 's use of classroom time lies less in the precise quantifications than the questions they provoke . why do such variations occur ? to what extent are they inevitable ? does the situation [call for] improvement ? if so , what ?

‘ This is Sidacai 's death warrant , ’ he said .
‘ this is sidacai 's death [call for] , ’ he said .

It was advice which appeared to ignore the fact that if Alexei did not , Sidacai 's death warrant would be signed and his sentence executed .
it was advice which appeared to ignore the fact that if alexei did not , sidacai 's death [call for] would be signed and his sentence executed .

Burun turned his head without interrupting what Jotan was saying to him , and intercepting the look Alexei left Jehana 's side and went unobtrusively into the line of Merkuts to the side of a grizzled warrant officer .
burun turned his head without interrupting what jotan was saying to him , and intercepting the look alexei left jehana 's side and went unobtrusively into the line of merkuts to the side of a grizzled [call for] officer .

The warrant officer nodded understanding , and he broke rank and moved quickly forward along the outside of the now almost stationary line of troopers .
the [call for] officer nodded understanding , and he broke rank and moved quickly forward along the outside of the now almost stationary line of troopers .

His death warrant is under our hand .
his death [call for] is under our hand .

She showed her warrant card and when she explained that they had come to see Nicola 's husband , the man invited them in .
she showed her [call for] card and when she explained that they had come to see nicola 's husband , the man invited them in .

The sergeant produced his warrant card and said he wanted to ask some questions .
the sergeant produced his [call for] card and said he wanted to ask some questions .

When the court receives the papers , it issues a warrant entitling the claimant to execute diligence on the dependence .
when the court receives the papers , it issues a [call for] entitling the claimant to execute diligence on the dependence .

This form of diligence can be used as soon as the warrant has been obtained from the court and before the debtor has received notification of the action against him by service of the court papers .
this form of diligence can be used as soon as the [call for] has been obtained from the court and before the debtor has received notification of the action against him by service of the court papers .

In addition , poinding of assets can take place and a warrant sale can be carried out to realise those effects at a later date .
in addition , poinding of assets can take place and a [call for] sale can be carried out to realise those effects at a later date .

He picked up the warrant and handed it to T'ai Cho , seeing his puzzlement change to a bewildered horror .
he picked up the [call for] and handed it to t'ai cho , seeing his puzzlement change to a bewildered horror .

T'ai Cho bowed his head low , one trembling hand offering the warrant back .
t'ai cho bowed his head low , one trembling hand offering the [call for] back .

Li Shai Tung had been right to sign the boy 's death warrant .
li shai tung had been right to sign the boy 's death [call for] .

Whilst it may be possible for certain hoists and lifts to be provided with dual controls and to be relied upon to assist in the initial stages of smouldering fire or even the last stages of salvage and reinstatement , and whilst the provision of a portable extinguisher could be regarded as standard , the dangers involved in aligning the confines of a lift or cage to a developing fire in the only manner by which it could be used effectively are sufficiently great to warrant special mention when consideration is being given to emergency planning .
whilst it may be possible for certain hoists and lifts to be provided with dual controls and to be relied upon to assist in the initial stages of smouldering fire or even the last stages of salvage and reinstatement , and whilst the provision of a portable extinguisher could be regarded as standard , the dangers involved in aligning the confines of a lift or cage to a developing fire in the only manner by which it could be used effectively are sufficiently great to [call for] special mention when consideration is being given to emergency planning .

There is nothing odd in this ; the academic freedoms that the academic community enjoys generate their own academic ethic which members of the academic community should fulfil if they are to warrant those privileges ( Shils 1984 ) .
there is nothing odd in this ; the academic freedoms that the academic community enjoys generate their own academic ethic which members of the academic community should fulfil if they are to [call for] those privileges ( shils 1984 ) .

He was named to the high court of justice in January 1649 , attending no less than fourteen of its sittings , including the occasion on which judgment was given against the king ; he did not , however , sign the death warrant , although there is no corroborative evidence for the statement that he positively refused to do so , and in 1660–1 he was clearly regarded — albeit posthumously — as having been a regicide .
he was named to the high court of justice in january 1649 , attending no less than fourteen of its sittings , including the occasion on which judgment was given against the king ; he did not , however , sign the death [call for] , although there is no corroborative evidence for the statement that he positively refused to do so , and in 1660–1 he was clearly regarded — albeit posthumously — as having been a regicide .

Two weeks after the meeting Kinloch was astounded to be confronted with a warrant for his arrest on a charge of sedition , issued on the authority of the Home Office in London .
two weeks after the meeting kinloch was astounded to be confronted with a [call for] for his arrest on a charge of sedition , issued on the authority of the home office in london .

Alured was named to the high court of justice to try the king , attended the first meeting on 8 January , attended the first sitting on 20 January , was present when sentence was pronounced , and signed the king 's death warrant .
alured was named to the high court of justice to try the king , attended the first meeting on 8 january , attended the first sitting on 20 january , was present when sentence was pronounced , and signed the king 's death [call for] .

He applied in vain to the Admiralty for his master 's warrant .
he applied in vain to the admiralty for his master 's [call for] .

He was granted a royal warrant in 1873 .
he was granted a royal [call for] in 1873 .

Section 1889 provides that a company , if so authorised by its articles , may issue with respect to any fully-paid shares a warrant stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled to the shares specified in it .
section 1889 provides that a company , if so authorised by its articles , may issue with respect to any fully-paid shares a [call for] stating that the bearer of the [call for] is entitled to the shares specified in it .

If similarly authorised , it may provide , by coupons attached to the warrant or otherwise , for the payment of future dividends .
if similarly authorised , it may provide , by coupons attached to the [call for] or otherwise , for the payment of future dividends .

Title to the shares specified then passes by manual delivery of the warrant , which is a negotiable instrument .
title to the shares specified then passes by manual delivery of the [call for] , which is a negotiable instrument .

On their issue , the company removes from its register of members the name of the former registered holder and merely states the fact and date of the issue of the warrant and the number of shares ( or amount of stock ) to which it relates .
on their issue , the company removes from its register of members the name of the former registered holder and merely states the fact and date of the issue of the [call for] and the number of shares ( or amount of stock ) to which it relates .

The bearer of the warrant from time to time is unquestionably a shareholder but to what extent , if at all , he is a member of the company depends on a provision to that effect in the articles .
the bearer of the [call for] from time to time is unquestionably a shareholder but to what extent , if at all , he is a member of the company depends on a provision to that effect in the articles .

However , again subject to the articles , the bearer of the warrant is entitled , on surrendering it for cancellation , to have his name and shareholding re-entered on the register .
however , again subject to the articles , the bearer of the [call for] is entitled , on surrendering it for cancellation , to have his name and shareholding re-entered on the register .

Normally the original allottee will not insert the name of the person to whom they are to be renounced and the effect is then to produce something similar to a short-term share warrant to bearer ; it is not a negotiable instrument but once the renunciation is signed by the original allottee , the rights can be assigned by manual delivery of the allotment letter without a formal transfer .
normally the original allottee will not insert the name of the person to whom they are to be renounced and the effect is then to produce something similar to a short-term share [call for] to bearer ; it is not a negotiable instrument but once the renunciation is signed by the original allottee , the rights can be assigned by manual delivery of the allotment letter without a formal transfer .

Since , like the membership register , a share certificate is prima facie evidence only , it is far from being a document of title in the sense that a share warrant is .
since , like the membership register , a share certificate is prima facie evidence only , it is far from being a document of title in the sense that a share [call for] is .

‘ Any person who in any public place is guilty , while drunk , of disorderly behaviour may be arrested without warrant by any person and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level three .
‘ any person who in any public place is guilty , while drunk , of disorderly behaviour may be arrested without [call for] by any person and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level three .

But if access to the ordinary commercial activity of a shopping precinct were to be blocked for a considerable period at a particularly busy time of day , so that people were prevented from conducting their ordinary business and social affairs , there is a disruption of sufficient significance to warrant the imposition of conditions .
but if access to the ordinary commercial activity of a shopping precinct were to be blocked for a considerable period at a particularly busy time of day , so that people were prevented from conducting their ordinary business and social affairs , there is a disruption of sufficient significance to [call for] the imposition of conditions .

Suppose , for example , that the police seek to remove a person 's clothing , or to take fingerprints when they are not authorised to do so , or persistently seek to question a person who makes it plain that he has no wish to answer , or seek to enter a house when they have no search warrant or a defective one .
suppose , for example , that the police seek to remove a person 's clothing , or to take fingerprints when they are not authorised to do so , or persistently seek to question a person who makes it plain that he has no wish to answer , or seek to enter a house when they have no search [call for] or a defective one .

Goudie , 1981b ; Gregory and Walling 1979 ) and those devoted to branches of physical geography have not yet emphasized urban physical geography , claims have been made by some writers that the urban environment is sufficiently distinctive to warrant attention as a specific milieu .
goudie , 1981b ; gregory and walling 1979 ) and those devoted to branches of physical geography have not yet emphasized urban physical geography , claims have been made by some writers that the urban environment is sufficiently distinctive to [call for] attention as a specific milieu .

Senior American officials were quick to dismiss it as propaganda which would not even warrant a formal reply since it had been issued through Tass .
senior american officials were quick to dismiss it as propaganda which would not even [call for] a formal reply since it had been issued through tass .

In the first instance , the certificate may be limited to the taking of counsel 's opinion and another application may have to be made to the Area Director to amend the certificate for further action if counsel 's opinion appears to warrant it .
in the first instance , the certificate may be limited to the taking of counsel 's opinion and another application may have to be made to the area director to amend the certificate for further action if counsel 's opinion appears to [call for] it .

Indeed , the legislation as a whole conveys the message that marital rape in and by itself is of insufficient gravity to warrant the intervention of the criminal law .
indeed , the legislation as a whole conveys the message that marital rape in and by itself is of insufficient gravity to [call for] the intervention of the criminal law .

Thus , in Smith , it was held that the legislation does not in fact create a ladder of alternative offences but rather that each of the offences must be charged where the facts so warrant it .
thus , in smith , it was held that the legislation does not in fact create a ladder of alternative offences but rather that each of the offences must be charged where the facts so [call for] it .

Fowler showed his warrant card .
fowler showed his [call for] card .

As he passed the bar he briefly held up what Lucy assumed must be his warrant card .
as he passed the bar he briefly held up what lucy assumed must be his [call for] card .

To this end the police may arrest without a warrant for a breach of the peace and , as a general rule , they may enter private premises without a warrant in order to stop or prevent a breach of the peace if they have reason to suspect that this may occur .
to this end the police may arrest without a [call for] for a breach of the peace and , as a general rule , they may enter private premises without a [call for] in order to stop or prevent a breach of the peace if they have reason to suspect that this may occur .

However , without a warrant , or unless other arrestable offences are involved ( e.g .
however , without a [call for] , or unless other arrestable offences are involved ( e.g .

9.9 Exclusion of use warranty Nothing in this Lease or in any consent granted by the Landlord under this Lease shall imply or warrant that the Premises may lawfully be used under the Planning Acts for the purpose authorised in this Lease ( or any purpose subsequently authorised ) It is for the tenant to ensure that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .
9.9 exclusion of use warranty nothing in this lease or in any consent granted by the landlord under this lease shall imply or [call for] that the premises may lawfully be used under the planning acts for the purpose authorised in this lease ( or any purpose subsequently authorised ) it is for the tenant to ensure that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .

( Gladstone 's dress , Housman 's fashion and Marsh 's livery have no obvious warrant in the Horatian text , but may arise from a common `` poetic `` idea of Nature as clothing . )
( gladstone 's dress , housman 's fashion and marsh 's livery have no obvious [call for] in the horatian text , but may arise from a common `` poetic `` idea of nature as clothing . )

There was no warrant for implying the more restrictive limitation `` as general medical practitioners `` .
there was no [call for] for implying the more restrictive limitation `` as general medical practitioners `` .

Additionally , Rule 5 — 30 ( 2 ) requires that in respect of a warrant or derivative , before a firm : ( a ) recommends a transaction ; ( b ) arranges or executes a transaction ( even if it has not recommended it ) ; or ( c ) acts as a discretionary manager ; it must have sent the private customer a Warrants or Derivatives Risk Warning Notice and obtained a copy signed by the customer so that the firm is satisfied that the customer has had a proper opportunity to consider its terms .
additionally , rule 5 — 30 ( 2 ) requires that in respect of a [call for] or derivative , before a firm : ( a ) recommends a transaction ; ( b ) arranges or executes a transaction ( even if it has not recommended it ) ; or ( c ) acts as a discretionary manager ; it must have sent the private customer a warrants or derivatives risk warning notice and obtained a copy signed by the customer so that the firm is satisfied that the customer has had a proper opportunity to consider its terms .

The same conditions apply to a requirement for psychiatric treatment except that the doctor must be approved under s12 of the Mental Health Act 1983 and the court must be satisfied that the child 's condition does not warrant detention under the mental health legislation .
the same conditions apply to a requirement for psychiatric treatment except that the doctor must be approved under s12 of the mental health act 1983 and the court must be satisfied that the child 's condition does not [call for] detention under the mental health legislation .

The negative claim insists that a judge may not appeal to the law 's warrant for his decision when he can not show that conventions force him to do what he does , because the ideal is corrupted by any suggestion that past political decisions can yield rights and duties other than those dictated by convention .
the negative claim insists that a judge may not appeal to the law 's [call for] for his decision when he can not show that conventions force him to do what he does , because the ideal is corrupted by any suggestion that past political decisions can yield rights and duties other than those dictated by convention .

Chief Warrant Office Nugent Thompson
chief [call for] office nugent thompson

Circular 22/80 advised that ‘ this permissive power ’ should be used ‘ only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings ’ .
circular 22/80 advised that ‘ this permissive power ’ should be used ‘ only where planning reasons clearly [call for] such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings ’ .

Other cases have established the principle that a stronger case is needed to justify action to bring about the discontinuance of a use than would be needed to warrant a refusal of permission in the first instance .
other cases have established the principle that a stronger case is needed to justify action to bring about the discontinuance of a use than would be needed to [call for] a refusal of permission in the first instance .

This permissive power should be used , in regard to either operational development or material changes of use , only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings .
this permissive power should be used , in regard to either operational development or material changes of use , only where planning reasons clearly [call for] such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings .

Psychosocial stressors are common enough in such conditions to warrant attention .
psychosocial stressors are common enough in such conditions to [call for] attention .

‘ Their warrant 's valid for a month . ’
‘ their [call for] 's valid for a month . ’

This is preferable to describing them as `` persons unknown `` for the purposes of the warrant .
this is preferable to describing them as `` persons unknown `` for the purposes of the [call for] .

Copies of judgments are to be sent in all cases except where a warrant of execution is issued straight away ( Ord 22 , r 1 ( 3 ) ) .
copies of judgments are to be sent in all cases except where a [call for] of execution is issued straight away ( ord 22 , r 1 ( 3 ) ) .

Where , however , the plaintiff objects to the suspension of the warrant on any terms , the application will be listed before the district judge .
where , however , the plaintiff objects to the suspension of the [call for] on any terms , the application will be listed before the district judge .

The court may allow a request for a warrant of execution to be amended at any time to show the debtor 's amended address or place of levy ( Ord 15 , r 1 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .
the court may allow a request for a [call for] of execution to be amended at any time to show the debtor 's amended address or place of levy ( ord 15 , r 1 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .

Where a part warrant is suspended on payment of instalments the balance of the judgment or order ( unless otherwise directed ) is automatically suspended on the same terms ( Ord 26 , r 11 ) .
where a part [call for] is suspended on payment of instalments the balance of the judgment or order ( unless otherwise directed ) is automatically suspended on the same terms ( ord 26 , r 11 ) .

Part warrant
part [call for]

Where execution of a warrant or variation of a district judge 's order is concerned , application is to be made to the district judge , and in the case of variation of a judge 's order to the judge ( Order 49 , r 6 ; order in Form 32 ( 4 ) ) .
where execution of a [call for] or variation of a district judge 's order is concerned , application is to be made to the district judge , and in the case of variation of a judge 's order to the judge ( order 49 , r 6 ; order in form 32 ( 4 ) ) .

Applications to stay or suspend the order or warrant are made to the district judge ( Ord 25 , r 8 ) .
applications to stay or suspend the order or [call for] are made to the district judge ( ord 25 , r 8 ) .

Where the court extends a period at a time when that period has expired and a warrant has been issued , the court is to suspend the warrant for the extended period ; if before the expiration of the extended period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all the rent arrears and all the costs , the court shall cancel the warrant ( s 138 ( 9 ) ) .
where the court extends a period at a time when that period has expired and a [call for] has been issued , the court is to suspend the [call for] for the extended period ; if before the expiration of the extended period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all the rent arrears and all the costs , the court shall cancel the [call for] ( s 138 ( 9 ) ) .

As the fact of remarriage does not appear to be a relevant consideration ( see 2.25 above ) , remarriage alone would not warrant such a separate assessment .
as the fact of remarriage does not appear to be a relevant consideration ( see 2.25 above ) , remarriage alone would not [call for] such a separate assessment .

6.1 You warrant that neither the sale nor the use of the goods nor the performance of the work will infringe any British or foreign patent , trademark , registered design , or other industrial or intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing .
6.1 you [call for] that neither the sale nor the use of the goods nor the performance of the work will infringe any british or foreign patent , trademark , registered design , or other industrial or intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing .

The expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " warrant " that the profits reach a specified figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits exceed the specified figure , the vendors may be entitled to additional consideration .
the expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " [call for] " that the profits reach a specified figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits exceed the specified figure , the vendors may be entitled to additional consideration .

… the court … must act on the valuation unless there be proof of some mistake or improper motive … as if the valuer has valued something not included or had valued it on a wholly erroneous basis … from Lord Eldon 's judgment in Emery v Wase ( 1803 ) 8 Ves Jun 506 , where the difference between valuations of £4,000 and £6,000 was said to warrant judicial suspicion that the valuation had not been made with attention to accuracy : but the case was decided on the basis of the court 's duty to protect the property of married women .
… the court … must act on the valuation unless there be proof of some mistake or improper motive … as if the valuer has valued something not included or had valued it on a wholly erroneous basis … from lord eldon 's judgment in emery v wase ( 1803 ) 8 ves jun 506 , where the difference between valuations of £4,000 and £6,000 was said to [call for] judicial suspicion that the valuation had not been made with attention to accuracy : but the case was decided on the basis of the court 's duty to protect the property of married women .

Examples of the type of mistake thought sufficiently serious by the Court of Appeal to warrant challenge in Jones v Sherwood ( see 13.6 ) were valuing shares in the wrong company and valuing the wrong number of shares .
examples of the type of mistake thought sufficiently serious by the court of appeal to [call for] challenge in jones v sherwood ( see 13.6 ) were valuing shares in the wrong company and valuing the wrong number of shares .

In addition , the purchaser may ask the vendor to warrant the certificate of title .
in addition , the purchaser may ask the vendor to [call for] the certificate of title .

At its extreme , they may even be reluctant to warrant the audited accounts on the basis that the auditors could certify them only following representations from management .
at its extreme , they may even be reluctant to [call for] the audited accounts on the basis that the auditors could certify them only following representations from management .

The investors will also request that the managers warrant information contained in the accountants ' due diligence report .
the investors will also request that the managers [call for] information contained in the accountants ' due diligence report .

The managers will also be asked to warrant to the best of their belief any warranties or indemnities contained in the sale and purchase agreement .
the managers will also be asked to [call for] to the best of their belief any warranties or indemnities contained in the sale and purchase agreement .

The purchaser will normally require the vendor to warrant that the report is accurate in all material respects and that there are no facts omitted which make the report misleading .
the purchaser will normally require the vendor to [call for] that the report is accurate in all material respects and that there are no facts omitted which make the report misleading .

At best , the vendor may be willing to warrant that such forecasts and opinions are reasonable .
at best , the vendor may be willing to [call for] that such forecasts and opinions are reasonable .

Alternatively , rather than warranting the accuracy of opinions , the vendor may be prepared to warrant that they do not disagree with the opinion .
alternatively , rather than warranting the accuracy of opinions , the vendor may be prepared to [call for] that they do not disagree with the opinion .

The purchaser will want the vendor to warrant that its disclosures are true and accurate and are not misleading and should reject any general disclosures .
the purchaser will want the vendor to [call for] that its disclosures are true and accurate and are not misleading and should reject any general disclosures .

The strategy maintains that advances in biotechnology and growing interest from plant breeders and drugs companies in genes from wild species warrant a reassessment of the notion that genetic resources are a common heritage .
the strategy maintains that advances in biotechnology and growing interest from plant breeders and drugs companies in genes from wild species [call for] a reassessment of the notion that genetic resources are a common heritage .

Companies seeking the Prince 's warrant will have to show that they are developing an environmental policy and are willing to carry out an internal environmental review and to set green targets , to be reviewed annually .
companies seeking the prince 's [call for] will have to show that they are developing an environmental policy and are willing to carry out an internal environmental review and to set green targets , to be reviewed annually .

The two themes converge in the final act , when the Queen is faced with the warrant for Essex 's execution .
the two themes converge in the final act , when the queen is faced with the [call for] for essex 's execution .

On balance , however , it was generaly agreed that this feature did not warrant the de-selection of ( i ) as the best possible opening to the story .
on balance , however , it was generaly agreed that this feature did not [call for] the de-selection of ( i ) as the best possible opening to the story .

The Secretary of State signed a warrant for his surrender to the United States .
the secretary of state signed a [call for] for his surrender to the united states .

‘ There 's a warrant out for the arrest of Michael Green .
‘ there 's a [call for] out for the arrest of michael green .

These powers of search without warrant also apply to vehicles .
these powers of search without [call for] also apply to vehicles .

Police in the possession of a search warrant , signed by a justice of the peace or a sheriff , are authorized to enter premises , if necessary by force .
police in the possession of a search [call for] , signed by a justice of the peace or a sheriff , are authorized to enter premises , if necessary by force .

The Belouch nomads who roam the borderlands of Persia and Afghanistan are often included in the general Turkoman group , although their rugs are sufficiently different in character and appearance to warrant a separate classification .
the belouch nomads who roam the borderlands of persia and afghanistan are often included in the general turkoman group , although their rugs are sufficiently different in character and appearance to [call for] a separate classification .

National influence could give a lord a local following greater than his land alone would warrant , as Gloucester 's own career was to demonstrate .
national influence could give a lord a local following greater than his land alone would [call for] , as gloucester 's own career was to demonstrate .

An undated ducal warrant survives ordering William Fitzwilliam of Sprotborough to meet Gloucester at Doncaster with eight horses and accompany him to London .
an undated ducal [call for] survives ordering william fitzwilliam of sprotborough to meet gloucester at doncaster with eight horses and accompany him to london .

Any cheque or dividend warrant which is uncrossed and made payable to bearer .
any cheque or dividend [call for] which is uncrossed and made payable to bearer .

Any bearer security ( including a share warrant , scrip or substitution certificate , bond or relative coupon ) .
any bearer security ( including a share [call for] , scrip or substitution certificate , bond or relative coupon ) .

But before it could pay money out it would require a warrant .
but before it could pay money out it would require a [call for] .

To complicate matters further , however , the Crown might use one of its local officials for paying creditors : in that case the official would receive a warrant , which he would take , with his receipt , to the Exchequer when presenting his account .
to complicate matters further , however , the crown might use one of its local officials for paying creditors : in that case the official would receive a [call for] , which he would take , with his receipt , to the exchequer when presenting his account .

To warrant such claims , however , results must , at the very least , be replicable , and in this respect they failed .
to [call for] such claims , however , results must , at the very least , be replicable , and in this respect they failed .

Once an organization has decided that a particular proposal falls within its remit and appears sufficiently meritorious to warrant further examination , what should happen next , before it is approved , is a testing process to see whether the problem which the proposal is designed to solve actually exists , and if so , whether it is sufficiently significant to warrant the labour and expense of a harmonizing measure .
once an organization has decided that a particular proposal falls within its remit and appears sufficiently meritorious to [call for] further examination , what should happen next , before it is approved , is a testing process to see whether the problem which the proposal is designed to solve actually exists , and if so , whether it is sufficiently significant to [call for] the labour and expense of a harmonizing measure .

The tapping of any telephone call now requires the authority of the Home Secretary conferred by means of a warrant which must be approved ( and is normally signed ) by him personally .
the tapping of any telephone call now requires the authority of the home secretary conferred by means of a [call for] which must be approved ( and is normally signed ) by him personally .

Any information so discovered must be confined to the authority empowered by the warrant to discover it , and may not be disclosed to private persons or private bodies .
any information so discovered must be confined to the authority empowered by the [call for] to discover it , and may not be disclosed to private persons or private bodies .

This is apparent in their claim that differences in intellectual performances of modern and traditional societies are ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to warrant , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the acquisition of literacy ’ ( ibid .
this is apparent in their claim that differences in intellectual performances of modern and traditional societies are ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to [call for] , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the acquisition of literacy ’ ( ibid .

Finding no answers , partly because they do not spend much time looking for them , they assume that it can not be true ; the differences must be ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to warrant , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the acquisition of literacy ’ ( ibid . )
finding no answers , partly because they do not spend much time looking for them , they assume that it can not be true ; the differences must be ‘ sufficiently deep and of sufficient significance to [call for] , at least in a literate society , the continued emphasis on schooling and the acquisition of literacy ’ ( ibid . )

If he does , he is signing his death warrant .
if he does , he is signing his death [call for] .

This offered cost advantages in production which we had judged insufficient to warrant its development .
this offered cost advantages in production which we had judged insufficient to [call for] its development .

The Police , Home Office officials , and people holding a court warrant are the only persons who may inspect the hotel register on demand , but then only in the presence of the management in the privacy of an office .
the police , home office officials , and people holding a court [call for] are the only persons who may inspect the hotel register on demand , but then only in the presence of the management in the privacy of an office .

Comfort , structure and relationships now warrant as much attention as the high-achievement goals of recognition , power , autonomy , creativity and growth .
comfort , structure and relationships now [call for] as much attention as the high-achievement goals of recognition , power , autonomy , creativity and growth .

One publisher requires that authors warrant that the article does not infringe any copyright , trademark or patent , that is not libellous and so on ( matters that are beyond the competence of the author to judge ) and the author is required to indemnify the publishers ‘ against any costs expenses , or damages which [ the publisher ] may incur or for which [ the publisher ] may become liable as a result of any breach of these warranties ’ .
one publisher requires that authors [call for] that the article does not infringe any copyright , trademark or patent , that is not libellous and so on ( matters that are beyond the competence of the author to judge ) and the author is required to indemnify the publishers ‘ against any costs expenses , or damages which [ the publisher ] may incur or for which [ the publisher ] may become liable as a result of any breach of these warranties ’ .

Arrest under warrant .
arrest under [call for] .

Under section 1 of the Magistrates ' Court Act 1980 , a warrant for arrest may be issued by a magistrate on sworn information by the police .
under section 1 of the magistrates ' court act 1980 , a [call for] for arrest may be issued by a magistrate on sworn information by the police .

In the following circumstances the police have the power to arrest without a warrant .
in the following circumstances the police have the power to arrest without a [call for] .

At the 36 hour point the suspect must be charged , released or an application made for a warrant of further detention .
at the 36 hour point the suspect must be charged , released or an application made for a [call for] of further detention .

The warrant can authorise further detention for periods up to 36 hours .
the [call for] can authorise further detention for periods up to 36 hours .

An application for a warrant of further detention can be made up to 42 hours from the commencement of the detention clock , in a situation where the 36 hour period runs out at a time when it is not possible for a magistrate 's court to sit .
an application for a [call for] of further detention can be made up to 42 hours from the commencement of the detention clock , in a situation where the 36 hour period runs out at a time when it is not possible for a magistrate 's court to sit .

By virtue of a warrant .
by virtue of a [call for] .

( a ) To execute a warrant of arrest ( s. 17 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .
( a ) to execute a [call for] of arrest ( s. 17 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .

( g ) There still exist other statutes which authorise the police and/or other officials to enter premises without a warrant .
( g ) there still exist other statutes which authorise the police and/or other officials to enter premises without a [call for] .

There are a number of Acts of Parliament which empower a magistrate on sworn information to issue a warrant to search for such things as stolen goods , forged documents , drugs .
there are a number of acts of parliament which empower a magistrate on sworn information to issue a [call for] to search for such things as stolen goods , forged documents , drugs .

These powers are not fully comprehensive , and in the past the police could not , for example , obtain a warrant to search for a murder weapon or evidence of kidnapping .
these powers are not fully comprehensive , and in the past the police could not , for example , obtain a [call for] to search for a murder weapon or evidence of kidnapping .

An additional power is given by section 8 which allows an application to be made to a magistrate for a warrant to search for evidence of a serious arrestable offence .
an additional power is given by section 8 which allows an application to be made to a magistrate for a [call for] to search for evidence of a serious arrestable offence .

Before issuing a warrant the magistrate must be satisfied that : ( a ) the material is likely to be on the premises .
before issuing a [call for] the magistrate must be satisfied that : ( a ) the material is likely to be on the premises .

( d ) The warrant is necessary , for example , because consent could not be obtained for the search or the element of surprise is necessary .
( d ) the [call for] is necessary , for example , because consent could not be obtained for the search or the element of surprise is necessary .

No new rights to such material are given by the Act but it does standardise the procedure for applying for a warrant to obtain such material .
no new rights to such material are given by the act but it does standardise the procedure for applying for a [call for] to obtain such material .

Applications must be made to a circuit judge , who can issue the warrant by virtue of section 9 and Schedule 1 if he is satisfied that it would have been appropriate to issue a warrant prior to the Act .
applications must be made to a circuit judge , who can issue the [call for] by virtue of section 9 and schedule 1 if he is satisfied that it would have been appropriate to issue a [call for] prior to the act .

Access to special procedure material can only be obtained by virtue of a warrant issued by a circuit judge who can issue such a warrant either where , prior to the Act , there would have been access to such material and the first set of access conditions apply or where the judge has reasonable grounds to believe ( i ) a serious arrestable offence has been committed .
access to special procedure material can only be obtained by virtue of a [call for] issued by a circuit judge who can issue such a [call for] either where , prior to the act , there would have been access to such material and the first set of access conditions apply or where the judge has reasonable grounds to believe ( i ) a serious arrestable offence has been committed .

The courts have repeatedly said that the police are not entitled to conduct dragnet searches yet , prior to the Act , a series of decisions appeared to encourage the police to go far beyond the terms of the warrant .
the courts have repeatedly said that the police are not entitled to conduct dragnet searches yet , prior to the act , a series of decisions appeared to encourage the police to go far beyond the terms of the [call for] .

Section 16 ( 8 ) of the Act says the search may only extend to the purpose for which the warrant is issued .
section 16 ( 8 ) of the act says the search may only extend to the purpose for which the [call for] is issued .

As was said by the Royal Commission , the police should not , on a warrant to search for a stolen grand piano , look under the floorboards or in the water cistern .
as was said by the royal commission , the police should not , on a [call for] to search for a stolen grand piano , look under the floorboards or in the water cistern .

He must be on the premises lawfully , either by virtue of a warrant , under statutory authority or by consent .
he must be on the premises lawfully , either by virtue of a [call for] , under statutory authority or by consent .

It should be noted that material subject to legal privilege can never be seized but it appears that if the police chance upon evidence for which a warrant from a circuit judge is required , they are entitled to seize this by virtue of section 19 .
it should be noted that material subject to legal privilege can never be seized but it appears that if the police chance upon evidence for which a [call for] from a circuit judge is required , they are entitled to seize this by virtue of section 19 .

The joint chiefs of staff reviewed the role of Japan in defence policy and recommended to James Forrestal , the Secretary of Defense , on 1 March 1949 that in consequence of the serious world crisis and the probability of this crisis deepening , appropriate measures should be taken at an early date so that the ‘ military potential ’ of Japan could be utilised should events warrant it .
the joint chiefs of staff reviewed the role of japan in defence policy and recommended to james forrestal , the secretary of defense , on 1 march 1949 that in consequence of the serious world crisis and the probability of this crisis deepening , appropriate measures should be taken at an early date so that the ‘ military potential ’ of japan could be utilised should events [call for] it .

The interpersonal dynamics of a two-child family , especially two children of opposite sexes , may be especially rewarding for parents and insufficiently increased by the prospect of a third child to warrant further disruption to domestic economy .
the interpersonal dynamics of a two-child family , especially two children of opposite sexes , may be especially rewarding for parents and insufficiently increased by the prospect of a third child to [call for] further disruption to domestic economy .

Its significance in 1422 lay in the way it questioned whether birth was a sufficient warrant for high military office , or whether the responsibilities of leadership in war time should only be accorded ( and it was the king who accorded them ) to those whose experience and reputation in military affairs merited them .
its significance in 1422 lay in the way it questioned whether birth was a sufficient [call for] for high military office , or whether the responsibilities of leadership in war time should only be accorded ( and it was the king who accorded them ) to those whose experience and reputation in military affairs merited them .

If John had been of the same family as Jesus , moreover , his ‘ seal of approval ’ would have carried the additional authority of a royal warrant .
if john had been of the same family as jesus , moreover , his ‘ seal of approval ’ would have carried the additional authority of a royal [call for] .

( 1983 ) argue that only very advanced age and recently discharged from hospital actually warrant identification as indicators of vulnerability .
( 1983 ) argue that only very advanced age and recently discharged from hospital actually [call for] identification as indicators of vulnerability .

The social and cultural conditions under which Marryat and his successors have written , even up to the present , have led them to explore individual personality mainly in terms of officers and warrant officers rather than members of the lower deck .
the social and cultural conditions under which marryat and his successors have written , even up to the present , have led them to explore individual personality mainly in terms of officers and [call for] officers rather than members of the lower deck .

At one moment the boatswain Jack Allgood comes out of a berserk rage to realise that he , a warrant officer , has allowed his hatred of the captain to lead him into mutiny ; the points of physical detail enforce his emotional agony :
at one moment the boatswain jack allgood comes out of a berserk rage to realise that he , a [call for] officer , has allowed his hatred of the captain to lead him into mutiny ; the points of physical detail enforce his emotional agony :

’ The huge warrant officer stared at him unseeingly .
’ the huge [call for] officer stared at him unseeingly .

‘ We can hardly go in demanding a guided tour without any kind of official search warrant . ’
‘ we can hardly go in demanding a guided tour without any kind of official search [call for] . ’

It inspires visits by car to places that normally only warrant a passing glance from the aeroplane .
it inspires visits by car to places that normally only [call for] a passing glance from the aeroplane .

Dog handler , scuba diver , a spell in the flying squad , warrant officer by 1973 .
dog handler , scuba diver , a spell in the flying squad , [call for] officer by 1973 .

It might be said that it was in 1973 that Warrant Officer Dirk Coetzee 's real life began .
it might be said that it was in 1973 that [call for] officer dirk coetzee 's real life began .

This crux section of Cool for Cats is perhaps just 5b , but is sufficiently close to 5a for the grade to warrant ‘ bone of contention ’ status .
this crux section of cool for cats is perhaps just 5b , but is sufficiently close to 5a for the grade to [call for] ‘ bone of contention ’ status .

In addition to known mineralised granites , there are several areas which may warrant exploration .
in addition to known mineralised granites , there are several areas which may [call for] exploration .

Please supply our Department with one return standard class Travel Warrant for our employee Mrs Rena Jamieson .
please supply our department with one return standard class travel [call for] for our employee mrs rena jamieson .

‘ Nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .
‘ nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation [call for] it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .

The stranger might have a warrant for their arrest .
the stranger might have a [call for] for their arrest .

He was an awesome figure , six foot three inches of Warrant Officer Class One .
he was an awesome figure , six foot three inches of [call for] officer class one .

National influence could give a lord a local following greater than his land alone would warrant , as Gloucester 's own career was to demonstrate .
national influence could give a lord a local following greater than his land alone would [call for] , as gloucester 's own career was to demonstrate .

An undated ducal warrant survives ordering William Fitzwilliam of Sprotborough to meet Gloucester at Doncaster with eight horses and accompany him to London .
an undated ducal [call for] survives ordering william fitzwilliam of sprotborough to meet gloucester at doncaster with eight horses and accompany him to london .

Abdominal symptoms or haematological changes of hypersplenism can be severe enough to warrant surgery .
abdominal symptoms or haematological changes of hypersplenism can be severe enough to [call for] surgery .

This spring he faced a preliminary inquiry in Ontario , where the Crown was required to show that there was sufficient evidence to warrant a full trial on the charges , and , subsequently , the accused was ordered to stand trial on a number of charges , including criminal negligence causing bodily harm and aggravated sexual assault .
this spring he faced a preliminary inquiry in ontario , where the crown was required to show that there was sufficient evidence to [call for] a full trial on the charges , and , subsequently , the accused was ordered to stand trial on a number of charges , including criminal negligence causing bodily harm and aggravated sexual assault .

Wycliffe showed his warrant card .
wycliffe showed his [call for] card .

There 's a fine line between clever and stupid and Warrant are nowhere near it .
there 's a fine line between clever and stupid and [call for] are nowhere near it .

Failure to attend Court on said date may result in the appeal being dismissed , and a warrant issued for your apprehension .
failure to attend court on said date may result in the appeal being dismissed , and a [call for] issued for your apprehension .

The company logo — which includes the Royal Warrant and a special effect showing the corner of a carpet turned back to reveal the label — was hand painted along it 's length and emblazoned on the rear doors .
the company logo — which includes the royal [call for] and a special effect showing the corner of a carpet turned back to reveal the label — was hand painted along it 's length and emblazoned on the rear doors .

As a mark of recognition , the Royal Warrant is known and respected worldwide , and as such , it is of tremendous value to those companies that proudly display the Royal Crest above their name .
as a mark of recognition , the royal [call for] is known and respected worldwide , and as such , it is of tremendous value to those companies that proudly display the royal crest above their name .

Stoddards Carpets Ltd. were appointed as Royal Warrant holders in 1966 and since then the crest has always been displayed whenever possible .
stoddards carpets ltd. were appointed as royal [call for] holders in 1966 and since then the crest has always been displayed whenever possible .

Rules regarding its use are strictly monitored by the Royal Warrant Holders Association .
rules regarding its use are strictly monitored by the royal [call for] holders association .

The Warrant , although used by a company , is always granted to an individual — which , in the case of Stoddard Carpets Ltd. , is Ralph Ellis , Chief Executive .
the [call for] , although used by a company , is always granted to an individual — which , in the case of stoddard carpets ltd. , is ralph ellis , chief executive .

Once appointed , a company belongs to the Royal Warrant Holders Associations which states as its aim to continue those virtues of quality and reliability which initially gained them their Royal Warrant of Appointment , the retention of which is entirely subject to Her Majesty 's Pleasure .
once appointed , a company belongs to the royal [call for] holders associations which states as its aim to continue those virtues of quality and reliability which initially gained them their royal [call for] of appointment , the retention of which is entirely subject to her majesty 's pleasure .

Should regular supply cease , the Warrant would be withdrawn .
should regular supply cease , the [call for] would be withdrawn .

In addition to the Warrant itself , member companies are expected to attend the exclusive Annual Warrant Holders dinner , inviting a limited number of their important customers as guests .
in addition to the [call for] itself , member companies are expected to attend the exclusive annual [call for] holders dinner , inviting a limited number of their important customers as guests .

It 's this combination which has made Stoddard Templeton the proud holders of the Royal Warrant since 1966 .
it 's this combination which has made stoddard templeton the proud holders of the royal [call for] since 1966 .

Shortly after they entered the embassy the Beijing authorities had issued a warrant for their arrest for their involvement in the `` disturbances `` .
shortly after they entered the embassy the beijing authorities had issued a [call for] for their arrest for their involvement in the `` disturbances `` .

The House of Commons on March 6 , 1990 , and the House of Lords on March 15 approved the continuance in force for a further 12 months of the provisions of the 1989 Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions ) Act , which principally provided for the arrest without warrant and detention for a total of up to seven days of those suspected of involvement in terrorist offences [ see pp. 37098-99 ] .
the house of commons on march 6 , 1990 , and the house of lords on march 15 approved the continuance in force for a further 12 months of the provisions of the 1989 prevention of terrorism ( temporary provisions ) act , which principally provided for the arrest without [call for] and detention for a total of up to seven days of those suspected of involvement in terrorist offences [ see pp. 37098-99 ] .

An arrest warrant had been issued in May 1989 for Néstor Rapanelli , an executive of an Argentine multinational company Bunge and Born , who was in July appointed Finance Minister in Argentina [ see p. 36810 ] .
an arrest [call for] had been issued in may 1989 for néstor rapanelli , an executive of an argentine multinational company bunge and born , who was in july appointed finance minister in argentina [ see p. 36810 ] .

The government 's inertia was demonstrated both by its reluctance to investigate the murder of Council member Serge Villard in June , and its failure to arrest Williams Regala , a notorious Duvalierist former military officer and minister who had openly returned to Haiti in July despite the existence of an outstanding warrant for his arrest .
the government 's inertia was demonstrated both by its reluctance to investigate the murder of council member serge villard in june , and its failure to arrest williams regala , a notorious duvalierist former military officer and minister who had openly returned to haiti in july despite the existence of an outstanding [call for] for his arrest .

An intensive investigation failed to uncover evidence sufficient to warrant his prosecution , and unconfirmed news reports had claimed on Jan. 22 that the government had decided to abandon the Bloch investigation .
an intensive investigation failed to uncover evidence sufficient to [call for] his prosecution , and unconfirmed news reports had claimed on jan. 22 that the government had decided to abandon the bloch investigation .

Restrictions on foreign borrowing were relaxed and about 30 companies were permitted to issue convertible bonds and bonds of warrant in the international capital markets .
restrictions on foreign borrowing were relaxed and about 30 companies were permitted to issue convertible bonds and bonds of [call for] in the international capital markets .

The inferences to be drawn from the exchanges so far identified between Washington and certain British ministers , however , hardly warrant the claim that American involvement in the Conservative party intrigues which led to Eden 's replacement was `` somewhat analogous `` to the Soviet role in the establishment of Janos Kadar in Hungary .
the inferences to be drawn from the exchanges so far identified between washington and certain british ministers , however , hardly [call for] the claim that american involvement in the conservative party intrigues which led to eden 's replacement was `` somewhat analogous `` to the soviet role in the establishment of janos kadar in hungary .

The Post Office Act of 1741 gave legal backing to the opening and copying of letters on the orders of one of the Secretaries of State ; and in 1765 a general warrant ordered that all diplomatic correspondence passing through London should be treated in this way .
the post office act of 1741 gave legal backing to the opening and copying of letters on the orders of one of the secretaries of state ; and in 1765 a general [call for] ordered that all diplomatic correspondence passing through london should be treated in this way .

These situations are represented by businesses which : ( i ) are offered for sale in credible circumstances and on realistic term ; ( ii ) in respect of which the initiating member has not been retained on an exclusive basis ; and ( iii ) which on their merits would warrant international marketing if the initiating member had been retained on an exclusive basis .
these situations are represented by businesses which : ( i ) are offered for sale in credible circumstances and on realistic term ; ( ii ) in respect of which the initiating member has not been retained on an exclusive basis ; and ( iii ) which on their merits would [call for] international marketing if the initiating member had been retained on an exclusive basis .

Where there is limited net asset cover , the vendors might be asked to warrant that they are not aware of any information relating to the target which has been knowingly withheld , the disclosure of which might effect the decision of the purchaser to proceed .
where there is limited net asset cover , the vendors might be asked to [call for] that they are not aware of any information relating to the target which has been knowingly withheld , the disclosure of which might effect the decision of the purchaser to proceed .

each potential investor who accepts the invitation should warrant that he/she is acquiring the shares for his/her own account for long term investment and notwithstanding this warranty it must be reasonable for the issuing company in all the circumstances to believe this warranty ;
each potential investor who accepts the invitation should [call for] that he/she is acquiring the shares for his/her own account for long term investment and notwithstanding this warranty it must be reasonable for the issuing company in all the circumstances to believe this warranty ;

If the Purchaser is simply concerned with the question of risk , then it need only have the option to withdraw from the deal if material warrant breaches become apparent prior to completion .
if the purchaser is simply concerned with the question of risk , then it need only have the option to withdraw from the deal if material [call for] breaches become apparent prior to completion .

There is no need to warrant the accuracy of the Disclosure Letter .
there is no need to [call for] the accuracy of the disclosure letter .

The Vendor can not warrant the Information Memorandum .
the vendor can not [call for] the information memorandum .

If the Vendor is warranting the audited accounts , why it is also necessary to warrant the accuracy of the other books and records of the Business .
if the vendor is warranting the audited accounts , why it is also necessary to [call for] the accuracy of the other books and records of the business .

Why is it necessary to warrant accounts earlier than the Balance Sheet Date ?
why is it necessary to [call for] accounts earlier than the balance sheet date ?

This warranty is too wide ; all the Vendor can do is warrant that the intellectual property rights listed in the relevant schedule are used in connection with the Business .
this warranty is too wide ; all the vendor can do is [call for] that the intellectual property rights listed in the relevant schedule are used in connection with the business .

The Vendor can not warrant that intellectual property rights are ‘ valid and enforceable ’ .
the vendor can not [call for] that intellectual property rights are ‘ valid and enforceable ’ .

If the Vendors also going to warrant the accuracy of all disclosures , care should be exercised before suggesting or agreeing to this compromise .
if the vendors also going to [call for] the accuracy of all disclosures , care should be exercised before suggesting or agreeing to this compromise .

The minority party , realising that they could take advantage of the troubles , persuaded the Duke of Cumberland to issue a warrant against three of the former Councillors for treason and they were committed to Perth prison .
the minority party , realising that they could take advantage of the troubles , persuaded the duke of cumberland to issue a [call for] against three of the former councillors for treason and they were committed to perth prison .

As one would expect , a complaint was preferred to the Court of Session to the effect that the warrant for imprisonment had been fraudulently obtained .
as one would expect , a complaint was preferred to the court of session to the effect that the [call for] for imprisonment had been fraudulently obtained .

The problem of assessing which of the team members has made a large enough contribution to the result to warrant their name appearing in the author list for the published paper is rather difficult .
the problem of assessing which of the team members has made a large enough contribution to the result to [call for] their name appearing in the author list for the published paper is rather difficult .

It had previously been considered that the feature of the second oral tentacle pore arising outside the mouth was distinctive enough to warrant raising the Ophiurinae to familial rank ( Paterson , 1980 ) .
it had previously been considered that the feature of the second oral tentacle pore arising outside the mouth was distinctive enough to [call for] raising the ophiurinae to familial rank ( paterson , 1980 ) .

The role of the zebra in the relationship seems too innocent and wronged to warrant the pejorative ‘ enemy ’ But individual zebras do everything in their power to resist being eaten by lions , and from the lions ' point of view this is making life harder for them .
the role of the zebra in the relationship seems too innocent and wronged to [call for] the pejorative ‘ enemy ’ but individual zebras do everything in their power to resist being eaten by lions , and from the lions ' point of view this is making life harder for them .

The auctioneer , however , does not warrant the vendor 's title in the case of a sale of specific goods ( or unascertained goods out of a specific bulk ) which the purchaser knows do not belong to the auctioneer .
the auctioneer , however , does not [call for] the vendor 's title in the case of a sale of specific goods ( or unascertained goods out of a specific bulk ) which the purchaser knows do not belong to the auctioneer .

He 'd been important enough to warrant a strong , positive reaction , whereas Rob was just a pleasant friend , but nothing really special .
he 'd been important enough to [call for] a strong , positive reaction , whereas rob was just a pleasant friend , but nothing really special .

That said , the 32k mode works perfectly , giving exceptional clarity and definition to images with enough colours to warrant its use .
that said , the 32k mode works perfectly , giving exceptional clarity and definition to images with enough colours to [call for] its use .

However , even if a death in hospital does not warrant an autopsy , the corpse may still present a potential source of infection to porters and mortuary staff , particularly if they have not been immunised .
however , even if a death in hospital does not [call for] an autopsy , the corpse may still present a potential source of infection to porters and mortuary staff , particularly if they have not been immunised .

The National Association of Probation Officers believe there may be some 350–700 sentenced prisoners who either are innocent or may be innocent and whose cases warrant attention .
the national association of probation officers believe there may be some 350–700 sentenced prisoners who either are innocent or may be innocent and whose cases [call for] attention .

They supply the trade with top quality woven and printed furnishing fabrics and proudly display the Royal Warrant .
they supply the trade with top quality woven and printed furnishing fabrics and proudly display the royal [call for] .

‘ Please tell them , ’ he said , ‘ a warrant has been issued against them for manslaughter .
‘ please tell them , ’ he said , ‘ a [call for] has been issued against them for manslaughter .

Only a few months ago , after this Lord Henry Percy had withdrawn to his other urgent command on the Scottish borders , Owen had run wild over most of North Wales , and made himself master of the counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth ; and while the woollier heads in King Henry 's council had seethed and talked bloody war , Hotspur had come swooping back to hold the balance so sturdily that he had been allowed , on the king 's warrant , to approach the Welsh prince , and attempt to bring him back to his allegiance , on promise of honourable terms .
only a few months ago , after this lord henry percy had withdrawn to his other urgent command on the scottish borders , owen had run wild over most of north wales , and made himself master of the counties of carnarvon and merioneth ; and while the woollier heads in king henry 's council had seethed and talked bloody war , hotspur had come swooping back to hold the balance so sturdily that he had been allowed , on the king 's [call for] , to approach the welsh prince , and attempt to bring him back to his allegiance , on promise of honourable terms .

Yet the girl had said that what he did , he did with the king 's warrant , and the prince 's approval .
yet the girl had said that what he did , he did with the king 's [call for] , and the prince 's approval .

We can get a warrant to search your place at any time .
we can get a [call for] to search your place at any time .

Is the right hon. Gentleman aware that today 's statement clearly shows that he is a prisoner of the right wing of his political party , which is responsible for the demise of his party in Scotland ? Is he aware that his announcement today is not a triumph for the philosophy of trusts but a blow against democracy , consultation and the will of the people ? Does not he realise that , in making his announcement , he has , to some extent , signed his political death warrant ?
is the right hon. gentleman aware that today 's statement clearly shows that he is a prisoner of the right wing of his political party , which is responsible for the demise of his party in scotland ? is he aware that his announcement today is not a triumph for the philosophy of trusts but a blow against democracy , consultation and the will of the people ? does not he realise that , in making his announcement , he has , to some extent , signed his political death [call for] ?

Under the rates , the only means of enforcement available were to distrain and sell the ratepayer 's goods in order to discharge the debt or , if insufficient goods were found , to apply for a committal warrant .
under the rates , the only means of enforcement available were to distrain and sell the ratepayer 's goods in order to discharge the debt or , if insufficient goods were found , to apply for a committal [call for] .

The court will issue such a warrant only where it is satisfied that the failure to pay the charge was wilful or negligent .
the court will issue such a [call for] only where it is satisfied that the failure to pay the charge was wilful or negligent .

The more senior ranks , such as sergeants , warrant officers , captains and majors , were all in post .
the more senior ranks , such as sergeants , [call for] officers , captains and majors , were all in post .

Member for Londonderry , East has recognised , one of the constraints on private sector investment in high-temperature incineration in the Province must be the relatively small volume of such waste which may not be sufficient to warrant large-scale investment .
member for londonderry , east has recognised , one of the constraints on private sector investment in high-temperature incineration in the province must be the relatively small volume of such waste which may not be sufficient to [call for] large-scale investment .

When the codes of practice were revised recently in response to strong pressure from the police , the guidance was made slightly less restrictive by removing the statement that reasonable suspicion should be no less than the suspicion required to effect arrest without warrant .
when the codes of practice were revised recently in response to strong pressure from the police , the guidance was made slightly less restrictive by removing the statement that reasonable suspicion should be no less than the suspicion required to effect arrest without [call for] .

‘ It 's a warrant ordering the arrest of Meredith Putt to answer to a charge of murder .
‘ it 's a [call for] ordering the arrest of meredith putt to answer to a charge of murder .

Does not the Secretary of State realise that thousands and thousands of people who still can not pay the poll tax are facing court action and warrant sales ?
does not the secretary of state realise that thousands and thousands of people who still can not pay the poll tax are facing court action and [call for] sales ?

He will need to decide whether the planning issues raised by the proposals are of a sufficient scale to warrant the cost and delays which a public inquiry would entail .
he will need to decide whether the planning issues raised by the proposals are of a sufficient scale to [call for] the cost and delays which a public inquiry would entail .

It is much more straightforward to have warrants set aside and negotiations entered into in the County Court whereas Magistrates Courts are usually unwilling to reconsider until a warrant has been returned to the court .
it is much more straightforward to have warrants set aside and negotiations entered into in the county court whereas magistrates courts are usually unwilling to reconsider until a [call for] has been returned to the court .

‘ It does n't even warrant another ‘ thank you ’ ? ’
‘ it does n't even [call for] another ‘ thank you ’ ? ’

This policy of reflecting the subject labels and relationships present in the literature of a subject is known as being consistent with literary warrant .
this policy of reflecting the subject labels and relationships present in the literature of a subject is known as being consistent with literary [call for] .

On the basis of literary warrant , any classification scheme or indexing language will reflect the subjects ( and the relationships between subjects ) present in the literature that the scheme or language has been designed to organize .
on the basis of literary [call for] , any classification scheme or indexing language will reflect the subjects ( and the relationships between subjects ) present in the literature that the scheme or language has been designed to organize .

This coincidence between indexing and user approach is known as user warrant .
this coincidence between indexing and user approach is known as user [call for] .

In taking isolates from the literature , faceted classification rests firmly on literary warrant .
in taking isolates from the literature , faceted classification rests firmly on literary [call for] .

The system has fairly low specificity ; topics are not included on the usual basis of literary warrant , but rather on the basis of organizational warrant .
the system has fairly low specificity ; topics are not included on the usual basis of literary [call for] , but rather on the basis of organizational [call for] .

Once again Benjamin used his warrant , pushing his way through the grumbling spectators until we had a good view of both the execution scene and Smithfield Common .
once again benjamin used his [call for] , pushing his way through the grumbling spectators until we had a good view of both the execution scene and smithfield common .

As we rode towards London , one of Mandeville 's secretaries unfurled the pennant on a pole he carried bearing the royal arms of England , showing all and sundry that we carried the King 's own warrant .
as we rode towards london , one of mandeville 's secretaries unfurled the pennant on a pole he carried bearing the royal arms of england , showing all and sundry that we carried the king 's own [call for] .

The beady , little eyes softened as Cranston displayed his warrant , a silver coin lying on top of it .
the beady , little eyes softened as cranston displayed his [call for] , a silver coin lying on top of it .

It had been established by the Post Office Act of 1711 that private letters could be opened on the warrant of a Secretary of State ; and in 1730 the Duke of Newcastle ordered the Postmaster-General to make copies of all correspondence passing through his hands addressed to any of a list of 112 people , including the sovereigns and leading statesmen of Europe .
it had been established by the post office act of 1711 that private letters could be opened on the [call for] of a secretary of state ; and in 1730 the duke of newcastle ordered the postmaster-general to make copies of all correspondence passing through his hands addressed to any of a list of 112 people , including the sovereigns and leading statesmen of europe .

But the promise in the present case must be taken to be , as in fact it was , express : and the question is , whether that fact will warrant the extension of the promise beyond that which would be implied by law ; and whether the consideration , though insufficient to raise an implied promise , will nevertheless support an express one .
but the promise in the present case must be taken to be , as in fact it was , express : and the question is , whether that fact will [call for] the extension of the promise beyond that which would be implied by law ; and whether the consideration , though insufficient to raise an implied promise , will nevertheless support an express one .

There were no fundamental restructuring costs provided for in 1993 or 1992 , and profits and losses on sale of fixed assets ( 1993 £0.2 million profit , 1992 £0.6 million loss ) were not sufficiently material to warrant separate disclosure on the face of the profit and loss account .
there were no fundamental restructuring costs provided for in 1993 or 1992 , and profits and losses on sale of fixed assets ( 1993 £0.2 million profit , 1992 £0.6 million loss ) were not sufficiently material to [call for] separate disclosure on the face of the profit and loss account .

It is assumed that the nature of members ' complaints against their union is such as to warrant special support , but why is this so ?
it is assumed that the nature of members ' complaints against their union is such as to [call for] special support , but why is this so ?

Send memo to Chris Boyle requesting return travel warrant , ( sample attached ) .
send memo to chris boyle requesting return travel [call for] , ( sample attached ) .

The problem of assessing which of the team members has made a large enough contribution to the result to warrant their name appearing in the author list for the published paper is rather difficult .
the problem of assessing which of the team members has made a large enough contribution to the result to [call for] their name appearing in the author list for the published paper is rather difficult .

‘ The remains of the engine and parts of the wings could clearly be seen but most of the plane has been recovered by a salvage team during the war , ’ added Paul , a cadet Warrant Officer in the squadron .
‘ the remains of the engine and parts of the wings could clearly be seen but most of the plane has been recovered by a salvage team during the war , ’ added paul , a cadet [call for] officer in the squadron .

It was reported on May 14 that a revolutionary court had issued a warrant for the arrest and trial of Ayatollah Sadeq Khalkhali , a former head of the Islamic revolutionary courts [ see p. 37794 ] , on charges of illegal executions , embezzlement of public funds and corruption .
it was reported on may 14 that a revolutionary court had issued a [call for] for the arrest and trial of ayatollah sadeq khalkhali , a former head of the islamic revolutionary courts [ see p. 37794 ] , on charges of illegal executions , embezzlement of public funds and corruption .

Two more people were arrested later the same week , and a warrant for the arrest of Art-B 's chairman , Boguslaw Bagsik , on suspicion of bribery and fraud , was issued on Aug. 12 .
two more people were arrested later the same week , and a [call for] for the arrest of art-b 's chairman , boguslaw bagsik , on suspicion of bribery and fraud , was issued on aug. 12 .

Lafontant , a former Interior Minister and notorious Duvalierist leader , had returned from exile in July 1990 , since when the military had repeatedly refused to act on a warrant for his arrest .
lafontant , a former interior minister and notorious duvalierist leader , had returned from exile in july 1990 , since when the military had repeatedly refused to act on a [call for] for his arrest .

There had been strong anti-JNA feeling in Slovenia since the notorious 1988 trial of journalists and a warrant officer accused of illegally disclosing secret plans for a military clampdown against Slovene liberals [ see pp .
there had been strong anti-jna feeling in slovenia since the notorious 1988 trial of journalists and a [call for] officer accused of illegally disclosing secret plans for a military clampdown against slovene liberals [ see pp .

Evidence seized with a defective warrant could be admissible if police had acted in `` good faith `` that the warrant was legal .
evidence seized with a defective [call for] could be admissible if police had acted in `` good faith `` that the [call for] was legal .

This followed the arrest in Switzerland of Gerald Andries , one of the French agents against whom a warrant remained outstanding in connection with the bombing of the Greenpeace ship in Auckland harbour in July 1985 , which had caused the death of one of its crew [ see p. 38480 ] .
this followed the arrest in switzerland of gerald andries , one of the french agents against whom a [call for] remained outstanding in connection with the bombing of the greenpeace ship in auckland harbour in july 1985 , which had caused the death of one of its crew [ see p. 38480 ] .

Police were instructed to cease searching vehicles and homes without warrant and to remove all roadblocks immediately .
police were instructed to cease searching vehicles and homes without [call for] and to remove all roadblocks immediately .

The Attorney General , Eligio Hernández , appealed to the High Court against the search warrant , and said in a statement on Nov. 19 that he had applied for a Constitutional Court ruling on the legality of Judge Marino Barbero 's actions .
the attorney general , eligio hernández , appealed to the high court against the search [call for] , and said in a statement on nov. 19 that he had applied for a constitutional court ruling on the legality of judge marino barbero 's actions .

She told the defendant that `` serious crimes warrant serious penalties `` , and that a significant prison sentence was required for `` purposes of general deterrence `` .
she told the defendant that `` serious crimes [call for] serious penalties `` , and that a significant prison sentence was required for `` purposes of general deterrence `` .

This means that for any claim by a researcher , a warrant must be produced by demonstrating a relevant response by the participants within the conversation itself .
this means that for any claim by a researcher , a [call for] must be produced by demonstrating a relevant response by the participants within the conversation itself .

The Conversation Analytic approach to code switching taken here relies on the responses of the participants in a conversation to warrant claims about the work which a particular code switch is doing .
the conversation analytic approach to code switching taken here relies on the responses of the participants in a conversation to [call for] claims about the work which a particular code switch is doing .

The defendants said that they were authorised by a warrant granted by the Secretary of State .
the defendants said that they were authorised by a [call for] granted by the secretary of state .

The court held that the Secretary of State had no jurisdiction to grant a warrant and the defendants were guilty of trespass .
the court held that the secretary of state had no jurisdiction to grant a [call for] and the defendants were guilty of trespass .

The seizure was held to be lawful as police entering premises with a warrant had authority to remove anything which they believed to have been stolen .
the seizure was held to be lawful as police entering premises with a [call for] had authority to remove anything which they believed to have been stolen .

The cry of `` Wilkes and Liberty `` had first been heard in 1763 when the publisher of the anti-Government North Briton had been imprisoned after the issue of a general warrant .
the cry of `` wilkes and liberty `` had first been heard in 1763 when the publisher of the anti-government north briton had been imprisoned after the issue of a general [call for] .

So far they had n't applied for a search warrant to go over the boat , but Maurice did n't care if they did .
so far they had n't applied for a search [call for] to go over the boat , but maurice did n't care if they did .

The secret was out and the magistrates issued a warrant to arrest the illegal mint .
the secret was out and the magistrates issued a [call for] to arrest the illegal mint .

By 1618–19 output had improved sufficiently , it seems , to warrant the building of a water-powered stamp-mill at a site believed to be at the foot of Red Dell or Thriddle and which , despite its altitude , was well placed to serve the mines about there which would now include the newly discovered God 's Blessing at the head of the dell and which like its namesake ( almost ) in Newlands Valley near Keswick , was highly esteemed but mistakenly so .
by 1618–19 output had improved sufficiently , it seems , to [call for] the building of a water-powered stamp-mill at a site believed to be at the foot of red dell or thriddle and which , despite its altitude , was well placed to serve the mines about there which would now include the newly discovered god 's blessing at the head of the dell and which like its namesake ( almost ) in newlands valley near keswick , was highly esteemed but mistakenly so .

" What do you want us to do ? We can get a search warrant easily enough . "
" what do you want us to do ? we can get a search [call for] easily enough . "

`` You can get a search warrant if you like , as long as you do it discreetly and nobody else knows about it .
`` you can get a search [call for] if you like , as long as you do it discreetly and nobody else knows about it .

It was also noted , however , that in most of the cases of motor neurone disease there was a ‘ clear history of longterm use of cimetidine ’ and that ‘ this observation might warrant further study ’ .
it was also noted , however , that in most of the cases of motor neurone disease there was a ‘ clear history of longterm use of cimetidine ’ and that ‘ this observation might [call for] further study ’ .

In conclusion food sensitivities are evident after treatment of Crohn 's disease with elemental diet but are variable , often do not persist , and are of insufficient importance to warrant putting all patients through elimination diets .
in conclusion food sensitivities are evident after treatment of crohn 's disease with elemental diet but are variable , often do not persist , and are of insufficient importance to [call for] putting all patients through elimination diets .

He dropped her warrant card in front of her .
he dropped her [call for] card in front of her .

Warrant attachments This is also an attractive feature and has a positive effect on price .
[call for] attachments this is also an attractive feature and has a positive effect on price .

Excluded , naturally , from the better parties , some of them would attempt to get on terms with their social superiors by bursting in with a search warrant in one hand and evidence in another , which they would produce from nowhere like cabaret artists plucking doves out of the air .
excluded , naturally , from the better parties , some of them would attempt to get on terms with their social superiors by bursting in with a search [call for] in one hand and evidence in another , which they would produce from nowhere like cabaret artists plucking doves out of the air .

Lesser folk were aggrieved by the foresters ' interference with their rights of common in the Forest ; the Forest officers for their part reported that privileges they claimed had no warrant .
lesser folk were aggrieved by the foresters ' interference with their rights of common in the forest ; the forest officers for their part reported that privileges they claimed had no [call for] .

Men of the king 's demesnes , as in Rodley in the Forest of Dean , were required to show by what warrant they exercised their rights of common and estovers of dead and dry wood in the forest , and if they could produce none they were required to pay for them .
men of the king 's demesnes , as in rodley in the forest of dean , were required to show by what [call for] they exercised their rights of common and estovers of dead and dry wood in the forest , and if they could produce none they were required to pay for them .

In the ‘ free chase ’ of Knaresborough , which had been assigned to Queen Isabella for life , they made an unauthorized perambulation and acted upon it by felling trees , planting hedges , and hunting the deer without warrant .
in the ‘ free chase ’ of knaresborough , which had been assigned to queen isabella for life , they made an unauthorized perambulation and acted upon it by felling trees , planting hedges , and hunting the deer without [call for] .

Timber was still required in large quantities for the Royal Navy : a warrant was issued in November 1611 , for example , for felling 1,800 oaks in the New Forest and in Shotover , Stowood and Bernwood Forests for this purpose .
timber was still required in large quantities for the royal navy : a [call for] was issued in november 1611 , for example , for felling 1,800 oaks in the new forest and in shotover , stowood and bernwood forests for this purpose .

Landowners and others who claimed rights and privileges within the forest were summoned to attend , and to produce warrant therefor .
landowners and others who claimed rights and privileges within the forest were summoned to attend , and to produce [call for] therefor .

John Gibbons , a courtier , was fined £8,600 for exceeding the terms of his grant of land in the forest : between 1629 and 1634 he had , without warrant , cut down 4,000 oaks worth £1 apiece , spoiled certain coppices , and enclosed 94 acres .
john gibbons , a courtier , was fined £8,600 for exceeding the terms of his grant of land in the forest : between 1629 and 1634 he had , without [call for] , cut down 4,000 oaks worth £1 apiece , spoiled certain coppices , and enclosed 94 acres .

for encroachments and unlawful destruction of the covert ; Sir John Winter , another forest landowner and ironmaster , was fined £20,000 for taking wood without warrant .
for encroachments and unlawful destruction of the covert ; sir john winter , another forest landowner and ironmaster , was fined £20,000 for taking wood without [call for] .

Make plenty of clear , highly visible signs , maps even if the venue is large enough to warrant it .
make plenty of clear , highly visible signs , maps even if the venue is large enough to [call for] it .

Even the most positivist anthropologist , knowing the statistical significance of categories of population , would not have been immune from a romantic curiosity , would perhaps have spent more time visiting this wastefully subsidized relic of the past than a cool assessment of scientific value could warrant .
even the most positivist anthropologist , knowing the statistical significance of categories of population , would not have been immune from a romantic curiosity , would perhaps have spent more time visiting this wastefully subsidized relic of the past than a cool assessment of scientific value could [call for] .

If damage to its structure is bad enough to warrant demolition , its destruction would be one of London 's worst losses since the Second World War .
if damage to its structure is bad enough to [call for] demolition , its destruction would be one of london 's worst losses since the second world war .

’ He flapped his warrant card in automatic greeting and waved a hand at Catherine who had also got out of the car .
’ he flapped his [call for] card in automatic greeting and waved a hand at catherine who had also got out of the car .

This week Japan 's four leading brokerages ( Nomura , Daiwa , Nikko and Yamaichi ) agreed to stop issuing and underwriting new shares , convertible bonds and warrant bonds by Japanese companies for at least a month .
this week japan 's four leading brokerages ( nomura , daiwa , nikko and yamaichi ) agreed to stop issuing and underwriting new shares , convertible bonds and [call for] bonds by japanese companies for at least a month .

They have been issuing equity instruments ( eg , convertible bonds and warrant bonds ) on the capital markets rather than going to their bank managers for costly old-fashioned loans .
they have been issuing equity instruments ( eg , convertible bonds and [call for] bonds ) on the capital markets rather than going to their bank managers for costly old-fashioned loans .

Since 1986 it has raised ¥843 billion ( $ 5.6 billion ) by issuing convertible bonds in Japan and warrant bonds in Europe ( see table on next page ) .
since 1986 it has raised ¥843 billion ( $ 5.6 billion ) by issuing convertible bonds in japan and [call for] bonds in europe ( see table on next page ) .

Japan 's four leading brokerages , Nomura , Daiwa , Nikko and Yamaichi , agreed to stop issuing new shares , convertible bonds and warrant bonds for Japanese companies both in Tokyo and in the Euromarkets for at least a month .
japan 's four leading brokerages , nomura , daiwa , nikko and yamaichi , agreed to stop issuing new shares , convertible bonds and [call for] bonds for japanese companies both in tokyo and in the euromarkets for at least a month .

Even if they did not speculate , many could raise warrant bonds at yields of 3–5 % and put the money in bank deposits at higher rates .
even if they did not speculate , many could raise [call for] bonds at yields of 3–5 % and put the money in bank deposits at higher rates .

According to Baring Securities , a prominent trader of warrants in Tokyo and London , there were $ 120.2 billion-worth of Japanese warrant bonds outstanding as of mid-February .
according to baring securities , a prominent trader of warrants in tokyo and london , there were $ 120.2 billion-worth of japanese [call for] bonds outstanding as of mid-february .

There is plenty of time before most of these warrant issues expire .
there is plenty of time before most of these [call for] issues expire .

When they do so , the refinancing will cost far more than the warrant yields originally suggested — around 8–10 % , at current interest rates , rather than the 3–5 % or less on the warrants .
when they do so , the refinancing will cost far more than the [call for] yields originally suggested — around 8–10 % , at current interest rates , rather than the 3–5 % or less on the warrants .

The warrant boom of 1987–89 was the last phase of a long period of dramatic change for Japanese companies and their bankers .
the [call for] boom of 1987–89 was the last phase of a long period of dramatic change for japanese companies and their bankers .

The second phase began in 1986 , when the Tokyo stockmarket began to soar : firms switched to equity , starting with ordinary issues and private placements , but then issuing convertible and warrant bonds ( see chart 18 , overleaf ) .
the second phase began in 1986 , when the tokyo stockmarket began to soar : firms switched to equity , starting with ordinary issues and private placements , but then issuing convertible and [call for] bonds ( see chart 18 , overleaf ) .

The most striking thing about the boom in issues of convertible and warrant bonds in 1987–89 was how many firms were involved .
the most striking thing about the boom in issues of convertible and [call for] bonds in 1987–89 was how many firms were involved .

As they cross the lobby of the Langham Hilton , Mr and Mrs Koons scarcely warrant a second glance from the assembled tourists , despite Mrs Koons 's shocking pink dress , platinum-blonde coiffure and orange eyebrows .
as they cross the lobby of the langham hilton , mr and mrs koons scarcely [call for] a second glance from the assembled tourists , despite mrs koons 's shocking pink dress , platinum-blonde coiffure and orange eyebrows .

As a result , the police force was rudimentary and inexperienced while the Belpan Defence Force was primarily a supplier of honour guards for the rare visitor of sufficient importance to warrant ceremony .
as a result , the police force was rudimentary and inexperienced while the belpan defence force was primarily a supplier of honour guards for the rare visitor of sufficient importance to [call for] ceremony .

’ However ‘ new fossil fuel generating plant ’ might warrant controls .
’ however ‘ new fossil fuel generating plant ’ might [call for] controls .

The manor house at Cosmeston has traditionally been called a castle , but it may not have been so extensively fortified as to warrant this name .
the manor house at cosmeston has traditionally been called a castle , but it may not have been so extensively fortified as to [call for] this name .

Anthony classifies management activities into three categories : strategic planning , management control and operational control , and argues that these activities are sufficiently different to warrant different information systems .
anthony classifies management activities into three categories : strategic planning , management control and operational control , and argues that these activities are sufficiently different to [call for] different information systems .

Other business in these 1909 Minutes amusingly includes painting ‘ Gentlemen 's Lavatory ’ on the men 's door and ‘ Ladies Only ’ on theirs ! Not only does one wonder what embarrassment might have occurred to warrant it but the propriety in not claiming the Ladies ' door and leading to a lavatory in the way the men 's clearly does , is a reminder of the delicacy of those times .
other business in these 1909 minutes amusingly includes painting ‘ gentlemen 's lavatory ’ on the men 's door and ‘ ladies only ’ on theirs ! not only does one wonder what embarrassment might have occurred to [call for] it but the propriety in not claiming the ladies ' door and leading to a lavatory in the way the men 's clearly does , is a reminder of the delicacy of those times .

One other decision ( June 1979 ) of passing interest was not to buy a wine bottle cooler because ‘ not enough wine is served to warrant it ’ … How quickly things change … so much is drunk now , it is on draught !
one other decision ( june 1979 ) of passing interest was not to buy a wine bottle cooler because ‘ not enough wine is served to [call for] it ’ … how quickly things change … so much is drunk now , it is on draught !

If the need for an extra room does not warrant the additional expense of a larger house , the solution may be to rise above it all .
if the need for an extra room does not [call for] the additional expense of a larger house , the solution may be to rise above it all .

material to be communicated does not warrant a written document
material to be communicated does not [call for] a written document

Some argue that we do not have enough proof of danger to justify stricter controls on dumping or to warrant the extra expenditure involved .
some argue that we do not have enough proof of danger to justify stricter controls on dumping or to [call for] the extra expenditure involved .

While the recruits and their visitors enjoy the day , the staff and students of the Warrant Officers ' and Non-Commissioned Officers ' Wing continue their work .
while the recruits and their visitors enjoy the day , the staff and students of the [call for] officers ' and non-commissioned officers ' wing continue their work .

Joined by the Master Chef , Warrant Officer Bill McSeveny , he toured the hospital wards to talk to the patients and staff to ensure that his customers were content and that all their respective dietary requirements were being met .
joined by the master chef , [call for] officer bill mcseveny , he toured the hospital wards to talk to the patients and staff to ensure that his customers were content and that all their respective dietary requirements were being met .

It is not always easy to keep Warrant Officer McSeveny 's mind on catering , because he is a rugby referee of note and When not on parade with his whistle he is usually talking or playing rugby .
it is not always easy to keep [call for] officer mcseveny 's mind on catering , because he is a rugby referee of note and when not on parade with his whistle he is usually talking or playing rugby .

Elsewhere in Catterick that day , another member of the team , Warrant Officer Dunston was busy ensuring that the enormous catering support required by the 1st Battalion The Green Howards for their tercentenary celebrations was running smoothly .
elsewhere in catterick that day , another member of the team , [call for] officer dunston was busy ensuring that the enormous catering support required by the 1st battalion the green howards for their tercentenary celebrations was running smoothly .

Warrant Officer Peter Loggenberg , a prison warder for 16 years , said he was motivated to join the union because he objected to the imprisonment of Coloured juveniles alongside adult prisoners .
[call for] officer peter loggenberg , a prison warder for 16 years , said he was motivated to join the union because he objected to the imprisonment of coloured juveniles alongside adult prisoners .

During the First World War a box of matches cost 1d and a matchbox grip 4d : a price just substantial enough to warrant a ‘ Thank you ’ when given free to a pub or grocer 's store customer , and just substantial enough to make money for a stationer or the many charities which sold them .
during the first world war a box of matches cost 1d and a matchbox grip 4d : a price just substantial enough to [call for] a ‘ thank you ’ when given free to a pub or grocer 's store customer , and just substantial enough to make money for a stationer or the many charities which sold them .

‘ Head tackles are supposed to warrant full dismissal , ’ Johnson said .
‘ head tackles are supposed to [call for] full dismissal , ’ johnson said .

They were reportedly arrested without warrant several days after the demonstrations , held incommunicado and tortured in garde à vue detention .
they were reportedly arrested without [call for] several days after the demonstrations , held incommunicado and tortured in garde à vue detention .

As Hospital Warrant Officer , he is a fair but firm advocate and enforcer of Service traditions and discipline .
as hospital [call for] officer , he is a fair but firm advocate and enforcer of service traditions and discipline .

Warrant Officer Barnfather is renowned throughout the Service as an athlete .
[call for] officer barnfather is renowned throughout the service as an athlete .

He epitomises the Service 's expectation of a Warrant Officer .
he epitomises the service 's expectation of a [call for] officer .

It is recommended that Warrant Officer Barnfather be awarded the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire .
it is recommended that [call for] officer barnfather be awarded the most excellent order of the british empire .

It was enough to warrant an investigation of related compounds and a closer exploration of how they worked .
it was enough to [call for] an investigation of related compounds and a closer exploration of how they worked .

He won a junior warrant and was top dog in 1983 .
he won a junior [call for] and was top dog in 1983 .

‘ Arrest warrant out for Clowes ’ partner years before collapse' .
‘ arrest [call for] out for clowes ’ partner years before collapse' .

In his report published two days ago in which he accused the Department of Trade and Industry of ‘ substantial maladministration ’ over the Barlow Clowes affair , Sir Anthony wrote : ‘ He ( the liquidator ) believed that the warrant for her arrest still remained outstanding .
in his report published two days ago in which he accused the department of trade and industry of ‘ substantial maladministration ’ over the barlow clowes affair , sir anthony wrote : ‘ he ( the liquidator ) believed that the [call for] for her arrest still remained outstanding .

There was no warrant for not following the ample precedent for the proposition that mere delay which gave rise to prejudice and unfairness could by itself amount to an abuse of the process .
there was no [call for] for not following the ample precedent for the proposition that mere delay which gave rise to prejudice and unfairness could by itself amount to an abuse of the process .

Ten years ago , however , when memories of nocturnal visitors — coming in twos , but more often in fours , hardly bothering to produce a warrant — were still fresh , the noise made hearts miss a beat .
ten years ago , however , when memories of nocturnal visitors — coming in twos , but more often in fours , hardly bothering to produce a [call for] — were still fresh , the noise made hearts miss a beat .

He admits that the final sanction , the warrant sale , provides the only alternative .
he admits that the final sanction , the [call for] sale , provides the only alternative .

They duly processed the information and despatched warning letters stating that offenders had five days to make a payment arrangement — with a 10 per cent surcharge — before a court order , a summary warrant , was activated .
they duly processed the information and despatched warning letters stating that offenders had five days to make a payment arrangement — with a 10 per cent surcharge — before a court order , a summary [call for] , was activated .

They are counting on bank arrestments to avoid politically damaging warrant sales in the run-up to regional elections next May .
they are counting on bank arrestments to avoid politically damaging [call for] sales in the run-up to regional elections next may .

And the department ignored the fact that a warrant for the arrest of Mrs Elizabeth Barlow , one of Barlow Clowes ' founders , was issued in 1981 in connection with the collapse of a stockbroker .
and the department ignored the fact that a [call for] for the arrest of mrs elizabeth barlow , one of barlow clowes ' founders , was issued in 1981 in connection with the collapse of a stockbroker .

They can operate anywhere in the country and can arrest ‘ illegal immigrants ’ on suspicion and without a warrant .
they can operate anywhere in the country and can arrest ‘ illegal immigrants ’ on suspicion and without a [call for] .

The document , released to reporters at a press conference , catalogued the unforeseen ‘ changes of circumstances ’ that could warrant additional price rises .
the document , released to reporters at a press conference , catalogued the unforeseen ‘ changes of circumstances ’ that could [call for] additional price rises .

John Martyn considered this publication of enough importance to warrant his presenting another account to the Royal Society , only six months after his dissertation on the Dictionary .
john martyn considered this publication of enough importance to [call for] his presenting another account to the royal society , only six months after his dissertation on the dictionary .

But his persecutors were frustrated when they had to release him a week later , partly due to a technical fault in the warrant for his arrest and partly due to the influence of his friend , Sir Matthew Hale .
but his persecutors were frustrated when they had to release him a week later , partly due to a technical fault in the [call for] for his arrest and partly due to the influence of his friend , sir matthew hale .

Nevertheless , Richard Baxter had to move away from Acton , otherwise his persecutors would merely have to correct the warrant and re-arrest him .
nevertheless , richard baxter had to move away from acton , otherwise his persecutors would merely have to correct the [call for] and re-arrest him .

The Bailiff of Westminster , a Mr. Barwell , went around all the city judges for a warrant for Baxter 's arrest .
the bailiff of westminster , a mr. barwell , went around all the city judges for a [call for] for baxter 's arrest .

Nevertheless , he was able to obtain a warrant from a county judge , Sir John Medlicot , and promptly sent his informer , a Mr. Keting , with the warrant to arrest Richard Baxter .
nevertheless , he was able to obtain a [call for] from a county judge , sir john medlicot , and promptly sent his informer , a mr. keting , with the [call for] to arrest richard baxter .

On this occasion , Richard Baxter was again released on a technicality because his ‘ offence ’ was committed in the city , and only a city judge had the authority to sign the warrant .
on this occasion , richard baxter was again released on a technicality because his ‘ offence ’ was committed in the city , and only a city judge had the authority to sign the [call for] .

However , seeing their intended victim was not present , they changed the name on their warrant and arrested Mr. Seddon instead !
however , seeing their intended victim was not present , they changed the name on their [call for] and arrested mr. seddon instead !

Being denied the use of his own chapel ( the former warrant against him still being in force ) , he preached at another chapel nearby .
being denied the use of his own chapel ( the former [call for] against him still being in force ) , he preached at another chapel nearby .

Differences here clearly warrant further investigation , and when revealed to the participating teams provoked considerable discussion .
differences here clearly [call for] further investigation , and when revealed to the participating teams provoked considerable discussion .

At this stage , services are liable to be restricted to those assumed to be at special risk ' or whose circumstances warrant special priority ( p. 45 ) .
at this stage , services are liable to be restricted to those assumed to be at special risk ' or whose circumstances [call for] special priority ( p. 45 ) .

The underwater sequences — which occupy most of the film — warrant the price of admission alone .
the underwater sequences — which occupy most of the film — [call for] the price of admission alone .

So lowly , indeed , was the job that it was long considered too insignificant to warrant a credit on the programme .
so lowly , indeed , was the job that it was long considered too insignificant to [call for] a credit on the programme .

If one person chooses to cause serious injury to another , it should be presumed that he or she realizes that there is always a risk of death , and such cases show a sufficiently wanton disregard for life as to warrant the label ‘ murder ’ if death results .
if one person chooses to cause serious injury to another , it should be presumed that he or she realizes that there is always a risk of death , and such cases show a sufficiently wanton disregard for life as to [call for] the label ‘ murder ’ if death results .

The question is whether all killings in which the defendant is aware of the risk of death are sufficiently serious to warrant the term ‘ murder ’ .
the question is whether all killings in which the defendant is aware of the risk of death are sufficiently serious to [call for] the term ‘ murder ’ .

Surely it is the combination of the elements of partial excuse and partial justification ( see Chapter 6.5 above ) which raises sufficient exculpation to warrant a reduction to manslaughter .
surely it is the combination of the elements of partial excuse and partial justification ( see chapter 6.5 above ) which raises sufficient exculpation to [call for] a reduction to manslaughter .

The basic legal distinction between murder and manslaughter lies in the mental element , but English law has now developed qualified defences to murder which mark out cases where , despite the presence of the mental element for murder , culpability is thought to be sufficiently reduced to warrant a reduction in the class of offence .
the basic legal distinction between murder and manslaughter lies in the mental element , but english law has now developed qualified defences to murder which mark out cases where , despite the presence of the mental element for murder , culpability is thought to be sufficiently reduced to [call for] a reduction in the class of offence .

He has your warrant .
he has your [call for] .

The Bill suggests prevention of the adivasis using the forest , very heavy fines ( double if infringements are perpetrated at night ) and powers of arrest without warrant by forest officers .
the bill suggests prevention of the adivasis using the forest , very heavy fines ( double if infringements are perpetrated at night ) and powers of arrest without [call for] by forest officers .

There has been a warrant out for Mr Chihana 's arrest since he told a meeting of Malawian political exiles in Lusaka , Zambia , two weeks ago that the ruling Malawi Congress Party was the party of ‘ darkness and death ’ .
there has been a [call for] out for mr chihana 's arrest since he told a meeting of malawian political exiles in lusaka , zambia , two weeks ago that the ruling malawi congress party was the party of ‘ darkness and death ’ .

Exercising would reap a net gain of 22p per warrant .
exercising would reap a net gain of 22p per [call for] .

In 1959 , three years after he applied for German papers under his own name at the German embassy , he fled to Paraguay as the Frankfurt authorities issued the first warrant for his arrest .
in 1959 , three years after he applied for german papers under his own name at the german embassy , he fled to paraguay as the frankfurt authorities issued the first [call for] for his arrest .

In so far as that essay gives some warrant to the idea of free-for-all hermeneutics , then , concedes Norris , ‘ ‘ Structure , Sign and Play ' ’ is a text which , at least in its closing paragraphs , falls below the highest standards of Derridean argumentative rigour .
in so far as that essay gives some [call for] to the idea of free-for-all hermeneutics , then , concedes norris , ‘ ‘ structure , sign and play ' ’ is a text which , at least in its closing paragraphs , falls below the highest standards of derridean argumentative rigour .

Mr Coetsee said a warrant would also be issued for the arrest of Captain Dirk Coetzee , the former head of a police murder squad who confirmed and amplified Nofomela 's disclosures , claiming that the killings had been approved at the highest level .
mr coetsee said a [call for] would also be issued for the arrest of captain dirk coetzee , the former head of a police murder squad who confirmed and amplified nofomela 's disclosures , claiming that the killings had been approved at the highest level .

On 20 June Jane was indicted on a coroner 's warrant on a charge of infanticide .
on 20 june jane was indicted on a coroner 's [call for] on a charge of infanticide .

It was a wonderful drive on an afternoon balmy enough to warrant lowering the electric windows and we cruised along to Mahler 's music playing on the six speaker sound system , through some of the most beautiful countryside we have ever seen .
it was a wonderful drive on an afternoon balmy enough to [call for] lowering the electric windows and we cruised along to mahler 's music playing on the six speaker sound system , through some of the most beautiful countryside we have ever seen .

Many churchmen , however , have not been happy with these developments , which have given rise to schisms threatening enough to warrant the Pope 's visit .
many churchmen , however , have not been happy with these developments , which have given rise to schisms threatening enough to [call for] the pope 's visit .

Even today Scots tend to be wary of clever women ; but in those days , to be young , female , tall , beautiful , witty , talented and intelligent — and a Queen — was like writing one 's own death warrant .
even today scots tend to be wary of clever women ; but in those days , to be young , female , tall , beautiful , witty , talented and intelligent — and a queen — was like writing one 's own death [call for] .

‘ The right to personal freedom ’ was secured in England by ‘ the strict maintenance of the principle that no man [ could ] be arrested or imprisoned except in due course of law … under some warrant or authority ’ .
‘ the right to personal freedom ’ was secured in england by ‘ the strict maintenance of the principle that no man [ could ] be arrested or imprisoned except in due course of law … under some [call for] or authority ’ .

To this effect , it suggested that as a general rule the police should be able to arrest an individual without a warrant if the crime which was suspected was one for which the individual could be jailed rather than simply fined .
to this effect , it suggested that as a general rule the police should be able to arrest an individual without a [call for] if the crime which was suspected was one for which the individual could be jailed rather than simply fined .

The marginal note to section 24 refers to ‘ arrest without warrant for arrestable offences ’ , an apparent tautology which will be explained later .
the marginal note to section 24 refers to ‘ arrest without [call for] for arrestable offences ’ , an apparent tautology which will be explained later .

All crimes , no matter how trivial , no matter how minor , now expose the citizen to the risk of arrest without warrant and detention , with all the sordid and humiliating consequences that often attach to these upsetting experiences .
all crimes , no matter how trivial , no matter how minor , now expose the citizen to the risk of arrest without [call for] and detention , with all the sordid and humiliating consequences that often attach to these upsetting experiences .

The duty of the police when they arrest without warrant is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … They may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to reflect and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ attempting to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries forthwith .
the duty of the police when they arrest without [call for] is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … they may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to reflect and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ attempting to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries forthwith .

For the police may apply to a magistrates ' court which can issue a ‘ warrant of further detention ’ if it reasonably believes this course of action to be justified .
for the police may apply to a magistrates ' court which can issue a ‘ [call for] of further detention ’ if it reasonably believes this course of action to be justified .

The effect of such a warrant is to keep the suspect incarcerated for up to another thirty-six hours .
the effect of such a [call for] is to keep the suspect incarcerated for up to another thirty-six hours .

Before the seventy-two hours are up , they can go back to the court and apply for an extension of the warrant of further detention by up to another thirty-six hours .
before the seventy-two hours are up , they can go back to the court and apply for an extension of the [call for] of further detention by up to another thirty-six hours .

The procedures for interception According to the official version of events , interceptions were made before 1985 only on the authority of a warrant issued by the Home Secretary , the Secretary of State for Scotland , the Foreign Secretary , or the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , with each warrant naming only one person and one number .
the procedures for interception according to the official version of events , interceptions were made before 1985 only on the authority of a [call for] issued by the home secretary , the secretary of state for scotland , the foreign secretary , or the secretary of state for northern ireland , with each [call for] naming only one person and one number .

According to the official version of events , interceptions were made only on the authority of a warrant issued by the appropriate Secretary of State under his own hand .
according to the official version of events , interceptions were made only on the authority of a [call for] issued by the appropriate secretary of state under his own hand .

If these can be confirmed and if the tappings were done with the authority of a Home Office warrant , it suggests that the guidelines were being interpreted with a remarkable degree of latitude .
if these can be confirmed and if the tappings were done with the authority of a home office [call for] , it suggests that the guidelines were being interpreted with a remarkable degree of latitude .

He reported to the Prime Minister that he was ‘ satisfied , after full examination of all the relevant documents , that no warrant for interception has been issued in contravention of the appropriate criteria ’ .
he reported to the prime minister that he was ‘ satisfied , after full examination of all the relevant documents , that no [call for] for interception has been issued in contravention of the appropriate criteria ’ .

The Malone case In the English courts , Mr Malone , whose telephone had been tapped with the authority of a warrant , sought a declaration that the tapping was unlawful , as violating his rights of property , privacy , and confidentiality .
the malone case in the english courts , mr malone , whose telephone had been tapped with the authority of a [call for] , sought a declaration that the tapping was unlawful , as violating his rights of property , privacy , and confidentiality .

Quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .
quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a [call for] would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .

My application for a warrant to monitor Mr. Cox 's telephone communications was made in April 1983 .
my application for a [call for] to monitor mr. cox 's telephone communications was made in april 1983 .

To disclose whether or not a warrant has been issued in a particular case could establish means whereby those involved in serious crimes or espionage or subversion could learn the extent to which their activities had come to notice or — perhaps more damaging — could in some cases confirm whether their activities had come to notice at all .
to disclose whether or not a [call for] has been issued in a particular case could establish means whereby those involved in serious crimes or espionage or subversion could learn the extent to which their activities had come to notice or — perhaps more damaging — could in some cases confirm whether their activities had come to notice at all .

It is equally important that the practice of not confirming or denying the existence of a warrant is maintained consistently .
it is equally important that the practice of not confirming or denying the existence of a [call for] is maintained consistently .

Successive Secretaries of State have stated that only by the unvarying observance of this practice is it possible to ensure that in no circumstances is anything said or not said which , by comparison with what was said on a different occasion , might imply that a warrant had or had not been issued .
successive secretaries of state have stated that only by the unvarying observance of this practice is it possible to ensure that in no circumstances is anything said or not said which , by comparison with what was said on a different occasion , might imply that a [call for] had or had not been issued .

In the view of successive Secretaries of State it is essential in the interests of national security and of any other grounds for which a warrant may be issued that no such inference should ever be capable of being drawn .
in the view of successive secretaries of state it is essential in the interests of national security and of any other grounds for which a [call for] may be issued that no such inference should ever be capable of being drawn .

Indeed in urgent cases ( a term not defined ) , the warrant may be issued under the hand of an official in the Home Office .
indeed in urgent cases ( a term not defined ) , the [call for] may be issued under the hand of an official in the home office .

But before this is done the Home Secretary must expressly authorize the granting of the warrant which must be endorsed with a statement of that fact .
but before this is done the home secretary must expressly authorize the granting of the [call for] which must be endorsed with a statement of that fact .

Under the Act those executing a warrant are required ( not empowered ) to intercept all communications sent to or from one or more addresses specified in the warrant where the address in question is likely to be used for the transmission of communications to or from one particular person specified or described in the warrant .
under the act those executing a [call for] are required ( not empowered ) to intercept all communications sent to or from one or more addresses specified in the [call for] where the address in question is likely to be used for the transmission of communications to or from one particular person specified or described in the [call for] .

Although it is true that warrants must be for a fixed period and may not be open-ended , the period in question is a relatively long one and may exceed the purposes for which the warrant is initially granted .
although it is true that warrants must be for a fixed period and may not be open-ended , the period in question is a relatively long one and may exceed the purposes for which the [call for] is initially granted .

Suppose a warrant is granted to tap the telephones of an organization which is planning a march or demonstration .
suppose a [call for] is granted to tap the telephones of an organization which is planning a march or demonstration .

Under the statute , such a warrant may be granted on the spurious ground that the police suspect that public order offences may be committed by large numbers of people .
under the statute , such a [call for] may be granted on the spurious ground that the police suspect that public order offences may be committed by large numbers of people .

Yet the warrant will be granted for two months — which may well include a period of time running after the demonstration in question has taken place .
yet the [call for] will be granted for two months — which may well include a period of time running after the demonstration in question has taken place .

Much less unacceptable would be a shorter warrant period , which should be the maximum duration possible , rather than the standard period in every case .
much less unacceptable would be a shorter [call for] period , which should be the maximum duration possible , rather than the standard period in every case .

In other words , the Home Secretary would have a discretion to exercise from case to case , with the result that the duration of each warrant would vary , subject to a statutory maximum period .
in other words , the home secretary would have a discretion to exercise from case to case , with the result that the duration of each [call for] would vary , subject to a statutory maximum period .

First , under section 6 , when granting a warrant , the Home Secretary must make arrangements for the purpose of securing that : ( a ) the extent to which the material is disclosed ; ( b ) the number of persons to whom the material is disclosed ; ( c ) the extent to which the material is copied ; and ( d ) the number of copies made of any material is limited in each case to the minimum that is necessary .
first , under section 6 , when granting a [call for] , the home secretary must make arrangements for the purpose of securing that : ( a ) the extent to which the material is disclosed ; ( b ) the number of persons to whom the material is disclosed ; ( c ) the extent to which the material is copied ; and ( d ) the number of copies made of any material is limited in each case to the minimum that is necessary .

But that is all : the Act fails to incorporate other safeguards said to be embodied in the pre-statutory warrant procedures .
but that is all : the act fails to incorporate other safeguards said to be embodied in the pre-statutory [call for] procedures .

The Tribunal is thus limited to determining whether a warrant to intercept has been properly issued under the Act , that is to say , that there are adequate grounds for the issuing of a warrant and that the statutory procedures have been complied with .
the tribunal is thus limited to determining whether a [call for] to intercept has been properly issued under the act , that is to say , that there are adequate grounds for the issuing of a [call for] and that the statutory procedures have been complied with .

This means that the Tribunal has to ask whether the Minister acted reasonably in exercising his discretion to grant a warrant .
this means that the tribunal has to ask whether the minister acted reasonably in exercising his discretion to grant a [call for] .

That discretion would not be exercised reasonably if no reasonable Minister could conclude that the issuing of the warrant was necessary in the interests of national security or for the prevention or detection of crime .
that discretion would not be exercised reasonably if no reasonable minister could conclude that the issuing of the [call for] was necessary in the interests of national security or for the prevention or detection of crime .

In conducting this exercise the Commissioner has explained that he has adopted the wide test of subversion formulated by Lord Harris in 1975 and that his duty ‘ is to look at each case individually and say whether the Home Secretary could reasonably take the view that the warrant was necessary in the interests of national security ’ ( Lloyd , 1987 ) .
in conducting this exercise the commissioner has explained that he has adopted the wide test of subversion formulated by lord harris in 1975 and that his duty ‘ is to look at each case individually and say whether the home secretary could reasonably take the view that the [call for] was necessary in the interests of national security ’ ( lloyd , 1987 ) .

Thus section 9 provides that in any proceedings before a court no evidence shall be adduced and no question in cross-examination shall be asked which tends to suggest that an interception has taken place without a warrant — that is , illegally .
thus section 9 provides that in any proceedings before a court no evidence shall be adduced and no question in cross-examination shall be asked which tends to suggest that an interception has taken place without a [call for] — that is , illegally .

She had , even at their wedding , surrounded herself with people , nearly all of whom were interesting enough to warrant the close scrutiny of the police .
she had , even at their wedding , surrounded herself with people , nearly all of whom were interesting enough to [call for] the close scrutiny of the police .

Mrs Prentiss , the American consul 's wife , in her last letter to America , said that she had the opportunity of leaving St Pierre with her husband on an American schooner , but decided that the situation did not warrant it .
mrs prentiss , the american consul 's wife , in her last letter to america , said that she had the opportunity of leaving st pierre with her husband on an american schooner , but decided that the situation did not [call for] it .

Both of these premisses warrant careful examination .
both of these premisses [call for] careful examination .

So , equally obviously , the question becomes , what disruption to normal regulation would be caused by recognizing the change , always bearing in mind the rarity of the situation , and that even if some disruption were shown , it might not be sufficiently serious to warrant withholding recognition ?
so , equally obviously , the question becomes , what disruption to normal regulation would be caused by recognizing the change , always bearing in mind the rarity of the situation , and that even if some disruption were shown , it might not be sufficiently serious to [call for] withholding recognition ?

Indeed , in so far as the law represents the embodiment of those rules deemed so important by society as to warrant setting them out formally with appropriate sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .
indeed , in so far as the law represents the embodiment of those rules deemed so important by society as to [call for] setting them out formally with appropriate sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .

Provided he acts with good faith and all due care in the context outlined above , the doctor who turns off the ventilator does nothing to warrant criminal sanction .
provided he acts with good faith and all due care in the context outlined above , the doctor who turns off the ventilator does nothing to [call for] criminal sanction .

Part Two consists of an appraisal of each of the 17 counties — Durham are still too young to warrant more than a mention .
part two consists of an appraisal of each of the 17 counties — durham are still too young to [call for] more than a mention .

His own good , either physical or moral , is not a sufficient warrant .
his own good , either physical or moral , is not a sufficient [call for] .

The Hazardous Waste Inspectorate assessed that 60 per cent of the landfill sites currently active for hazardous waste generated gas in sufficient quantity to warrant careful monitoring .
the hazardous waste inspectorate assessed that 60 per cent of the landfill sites currently active for hazardous waste generated gas in sufficient quantity to [call for] careful monitoring .

During his session with the unfortunate staff at Caterer and Hotel Keeper he was always wheezing with laughter at something that did not really seem to warrant it .
during his session with the unfortunate staff at caterer and hotel keeper he was always wheezing with laughter at something that did not really seem to [call for] it .

Before we look at these choices , the various types of service warrant an attempt at definition .
before we look at these choices , the various types of service [call for] an attempt at definition .

Nonetheless , logistics problems of making books available in special and academic libraries remain , and warrant research .
nonetheless , logistics problems of making books available in special and academic libraries remain , and [call for] research .

As a general rule books intended to attract ‘ browsing ’ readers are much less likely to warrant binding .
as a general rule books intended to attract ‘ browsing ’ readers are much less likely to [call for] binding .

Proposals for social policy work included better in-bureau training for this work , recognition that social policy is sufficiently important to warrant reducing opening hours and the recruitment of volunteers to work specifically and exclusively on social policy work .
proposals for social policy work included better in-bureau training for this work , recognition that social policy is sufficiently important to [call for] reducing opening hours and the recruitment of volunteers to work specifically and exclusively on social policy work .

warrant for arrest , issued by a justice of the peace .
[call for] for arrest , issued by a justice of the peace .

During the first month , only one query was raised , in this case by the personnel section , but it was considered important enough to warrant some corrective action .
during the first month , only one query was raised , in this case by the personnel section , but it was considered important enough to [call for] some corrective action .

Thirdly , some proposals do warrant a more detailed examination with regard to their desirability and practicability .
thirdly , some proposals do [call for] a more detailed examination with regard to their desirability and practicability .

In 1908 the Gramophone Company received the Royal Warrant , which named them suppliers of records and record-players to the British Royal Family .
in 1908 the gramophone company received the royal [call for] , which named them suppliers of records and record-players to the british royal family .

But the author ( and readers ) will want some written commentary to accompany the figures and here caution must be exercised not to claim more than the figures warrant .
but the author ( and readers ) will want some written commentary to accompany the figures and here caution must be exercised not to claim more than the figures [call for] .

‘ My grandfather had signed his own death warrant , though only my mother knew it at the time .
‘ my grandfather had signed his own death [call for] , though only my mother knew it at the time .

Coleman claimed that his greatest contribution to the young veterinary profession was that he played a major role in securing that from 1796 appointments as veterinary surgeons ( a term used by the Standing Board of General Officers ) in the cavalry , and eventually ( 1805 ) in the artillery , were by commission rather than by warrant .
coleman claimed that his greatest contribution to the young veterinary profession was that he played a major role in securing that from 1796 appointments as veterinary surgeons ( a term used by the standing board of general officers ) in the cavalry , and eventually ( 1805 ) in the artillery , were by commission rather than by [call for] .

The first and only veterinary surgeon appointed to the army in 1796 joined the 11th Light Dragoons on 25 June that year as a warrant officer , but was commissioned the following year .
the first and only veterinary surgeon appointed to the army in 1796 joined the 11th light dragoons on 25 june that year as a [call for] officer , but was commissioned the following year .

He had execution of the warrant for his arrest stayed for twenty-one days to allow the young peer to appeal .
he had execution of the [call for] for his arrest stayed for twenty-one days to allow the young peer to appeal .

Most applied for a ‘ warrant of execution ’ .
most applied for a ‘ [call for] of execution ’ .

He would never be officially informed that Rich had applied for a warrant and to expect a bailiff at his door next week .
he would never be officially informed that rich had applied for a [call for] and to expect a bailiff at his door next week .

Were there not so much at stake , in the eyes of many Europeans , the American government would warrant disqualification from the talks for not trying .
were there not so much at stake , in the eyes of many europeans , the american government would [call for] disqualification from the talks for not trying .

Better to gamble that a private collector would keep the car until it became rare enough to warrant accepting it , if it were offered later .
better to gamble that a private collector would keep the car until it became rare enough to [call for] accepting it , if it were offered later .

Of course the gap between the official and the actual curriculum varies in nature and extent , but certain types of variations are common enough to warrant generalisations .
of course the gap between the official and the actual curriculum varies in nature and extent , but certain types of variations are common enough to [call for] generalisations .

Furthermore , the definition could be sufficiently rational to warrant credence among all those who are concerned with human ailments .
furthermore , the definition could be sufficiently rational to [call for] credence among all those who are concerned with human ailments .

Cases of plant poisoning severe enough to warrant hospital admission are rare .
cases of plant poisoning severe enough to [call for] hospital admission are rare .

It 's a stupendous achievement for a company that , just four short years ago , did n't even warrant a mention .
it 's a stupendous achievement for a company that , just four short years ago , did n't even [call for] a mention .

So if species have a capacity for adaptation to small-scale environmental change built in , could there not be other potential changes hidden within the mosaic of form and function , both subtle and dense , we call a species ? Changes which may not manifest even for millennia , until circumstances warrant it ?
so if species have a capacity for adaptation to small-scale environmental change built in , could there not be other potential changes hidden within the mosaic of form and function , both subtle and dense , we call a species ? changes which may not manifest even for millennia , until circumstances [call for] it ?

Both chapters warrant inclusion as overviews at the start of the book rather than being buried in the middle of text .
both chapters [call for] inclusion as overviews at the start of the book rather than being buried in the middle of text .

The Royal Humane Society have a number of other awards where though the deed did not warrant a medal , some recognition was appropriate , and for this , they issue in descending order of importance , Testimonials on Vellum , Testimonials on Parchment and Certificates of Recommendation .
the royal humane society have a number of other awards where though the deed did not [call for] a medal , some recognition was appropriate , and for this , they issue in descending order of importance , testimonials on vellum , testimonials on parchment and certificates of recommendation .

They mark especial favours from the sovereign , for although ordinary grants of arms can be purchased ( subject always to the Earl Marshal 's pleasure and discretion ) , an augmentation can not , for its bestowal is in effect a royal warrant under the hand and seal of the reigning monarch .
they mark especial favours from the sovereign , for although ordinary grants of arms can be purchased ( subject always to the earl marshal 's pleasure and discretion ) , an augmentation can not , for its bestowal is in effect a royal [call for] under the hand and seal of the reigning monarch .

Thus in the sixteenth century there began , by warrant of the king , systematic heraldic visitations with the mandate ‘ to put down or otherwise deface … plate , jewels , parchments , windows , gravestones and monuments … wheresoever they be set or placed ’ should those things bear unlawful arms .
thus in the sixteenth century there began , by [call for] of the king , systematic heraldic visitations with the mandate ‘ to put down or otherwise deface … plate , jewels , parchments , windows , gravestones and monuments … wheresoever they be set or placed ’ should those things bear unlawful arms .

There are enough horror stories of rape , murder and robbery in our own society to warrant the assumption that the burglar in our bedroom is not likely to be Raffles the gentleman crook .
there are enough horror stories of rape , murder and robbery in our own society to [call for] the assumption that the burglar in our bedroom is not likely to be raffles the gentleman crook .

By April 1990 , when over a third of the Scottish populace was avoiding the poll-tax , Alan Rough had his own reasons for fearing a Warrant Sale .
by april 1990 , when over a third of the scottish populace was avoiding the poll-tax , alan rough had his own reasons for fearing a [call for] sale .

It was his third warrant sale scare in six months .
it was his third [call for] sale scare in six months .

One clause prescribes “ establishment of religion ” ; the other mandates “ the free exercise of religion. ” For the past thirty years or so , the tendency has been to read these two clauses together to prohibit both the state financing of religious activities and the state ’ s favoring one religion by granting to believers special exemptions from the laws applicable to everyone.31 The opposition claims that religious reasons warrant exceptional treatment , say , for refusing to work on one ’ s personal Sabbath,32 for using hallucinatory drugs,33 or for keeping one ’ s children out of school in violation of truancy laws.34 Again the conflict is between equality and freedom .
one clause prescribes “ establishment of religion ” ; the other mandates “ the free exercise of religion. ” for the past thirty years or so , the tendency has been to read these two clauses together to prohibit both the state financing of religious activities and the state ’ s favoring one religion by granting to believers special exemptions from the laws applicable to everyone.31 the opposition claims that religious reasons [call for] exceptional treatment , say , for refusing to work on one ’ s personal sabbath,32 for using hallucinatory drugs,33 or for keeping one ’ s children out of school in violation of truancy laws.34 again the conflict is between equality and freedom .

I am not entirely convinced of what lies within this book ; the material is too new and far too surprising to warrant conviction .
i am not entirely convinced of what lies within this book ; the material is too new and far too surprising to [call for] conviction .

Although the data are too few to warrant conclusion , the fraction of canalyzing inputs for K = , K = , and K = eukaryotic genes trends downward as K increases along the curve needed to remain just within the ordered regime .
although the data are too few to [call for] conclusion , the fraction of canalyzing inputs for k = , k = , and k = eukaryotic genes trends downward as k increases along the curve needed to remain just within the ordered regime .

Award winner Richard Woodall , who has a royal warrant to supply sausages to Queen Elizabeth II , is one of the manufacturers to look for .
award winner richard woodall , who has a royal [call for] to supply sausages to queen elizabeth ii , is one of the manufacturers to look for .

Though he had begun his campaign without the King ’ s authority , once news of the treasures captured by Cortés reached Madrid , a royal warrant was dispatched to legitimize the victory and create “ New Spain ” — the latest Spanish colony .
though he had begun his campaign without the king ’ s authority , once news of the treasures captured by cortés reached madrid , a royal [call for] was dispatched to legitimize the victory and create “ new spain ” — the latest spanish colony .

There were n't enough Spanish-speaking voters to warrant bilingual notices , Martin explained in May .
there were n't enough spanish-speaking voters to [call for] bilingual notices , martin explained in may .

Page 5 GAO-02-957T emerging and potential threats warrant .
page 5 gao-02-957t emerging and potential threats [call for] .

As the Board stated in the Introduction and Background chapter of this Statement , it believes that these stewardship items warrant specialized reporting to highlight their importance and to portray them in additional ways than provided by financial accounting .
as the board stated in the introduction and background chapter of this statement , it believes that these stewardship items [call for] specialized reporting to highlight their importance and to portray them in additional ways than provided by financial accounting .

Automated approvals , when the risks associated with automated records and approvals warrant it , might necessitate electronic signatures that follow NIST guidance .
automated approvals , when the risks associated with automated records and approvals [call for] it , might necessitate electronic signatures that follow nist guidance .

If other auditors have identified areas that warrant further study , their work may influence the auditors ' selection of objectives .
if other auditors have identified areas that [call for] further study , their work may influence the auditors ' selection of objectives .

Reports designed in this way can help focus the attention of responsible officials on the matters that warrant attention and can help stimulate correction .
reports designed in this way can help focus the attention of responsible officials on the matters that [call for] attention and can help stimulate correction .

The resolution process begins when audit or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects identified deficiencies , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not warrant management action .
the resolution process begins when audit or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects identified deficiencies , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not [call for] management action .

These communications will take several forms , including , as facts and circumstances warrant , meetings between GAO 's Comptroller General or Chief Operating Officer and the heads of agencies or their designees at the presidential appointee with Senate confirmation ( PAS ) level to discuss areas of mutual interest and concern .
these communications will take several forms , including , as facts and circumstances [call for] , meetings between gao 's comptroller general or chief operating officer and the heads of agencies or their designees at the presidential appointee with senate confirmation ( pas ) level to discuss areas of mutual interest and concern .

Executive Order 12612 FDA states that it has analyzed this rule in accordance with the principles set forth in Executive Order 12612 , Federalism , and has determined that the rule does not warrant the preparation of a Federalism Assessment .
executive order 12612 fda states that it has analyzed this rule in accordance with the principles set forth in executive order 12612 , federalism , and has determined that the rule does not [call for] the preparation of a federalism assessment .

The Task Force was charged with reviewing `` existing policies , standards , and procedures governing state planning and for defining service areas ; and any revisions to existing policies , standards , and procedures which the Task Force concludes to warrant serious consideration by LSC .
the task force was charged with reviewing `` existing policies , standards , and procedures governing state planning and for defining service areas ; and any revisions to existing policies , standards , and procedures which the task force concludes to [call for] serious consideration by lsc .

Perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by Chief Justice Shaw of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ I ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as conditions , considerations or compensations for each other , as to warrant a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''
perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by chief justice shaw of the supreme judicial court of massachusetts that we have often quoted : `` [ i ] f [ a statute 's provisions ] are so mutually connected with and dependent on each other , as conditions , considerations or compensations for each other , as to [call for] a belief that the legislature intended them as a whole , and that , if all could not be carried into effect , the legislature would not pass the residue independently , and some parts are unconstitutional , all the provisions which as thus dependent , conditional or connected , must fall with them . ''

With appropriate notice to the Board and LSC grant recipients , LSC 's President may change or alter this Protocol as circumstances warrant .
with appropriate notice to the board and lsc grant recipients , lsc 's president may change or alter this protocol as circumstances [call for] .

Excessive within-test variability may invalidate a test result and warrant retesting .
excessive within-test variability may invalidate a test result and [call for] retesting .

Excessive within-test variability may invalidate a test result and warrant retesting .
excessive within-test variability may invalidate a test result and [call for] retesting .

Because the searches were not within the United States , no FISA warrant was needed .
because the searches were not within the united states , no fisa [call for] was needed .

As the FBI agent observed in his email , Part A of the 1995 procedures applied only to information obtained pursuant to a FISA warrant .
as the fbi agent observed in his email , part a of the 1995 procedures applied only to information obtained pursuant to a fisa [call for] .

Therefore , approval from the Minneapolis U.S. Attorney 's Office was required before a criminal search warrant could be obtained .
therefore , approval from the minneapolis u.s. attorney 's office was required before a criminal search [call for] could be obtained .

Another agent , however , said that he spoke to an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Minneapolis office and received advice that the facts were almost sufficient to obtain a criminal warrant .
another agent , however , said that he spoke to an assistant u.s. attorney in the minneapolis office and received advice that the facts were almost sufficient to obtain a criminal [call for] .

The Assistant United States Attorney said that if the FBI had asked for a criminal warrant that first night , he would have sought it .
the assistant united states attorney said that if the fbi had asked for a criminal [call for] that first night , he would have sought it .

He believed that there was sufficient probable cause for a criminal warrant at that time .
he believed that there was sufficient probable cause for a criminal [call for] at that time .

Mary Jo White , the former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , told us that based on her review of the evidence known pre-9/11 , she would have approved a criminal search warrant .
mary jo white , the former u.s. attorney for the southern district of new york , told us that based on her review of the evidence known pre-9/11 , she would have approved a criminal search [call for] .

Because the agents never presented the information to the Minneapolis U.S. Attorney 's Office before 9/11 , we can not know for sure what its judgment would have been or whether a judge would have signed the warrant .
because the agents never presented the information to the minneapolis u.s. attorney 's office before 9/11 , we can not know for sure what its judgment would have been or whether a judge would have signed the [call for] .

In any event , the Minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the U.S. Attorney 's Office or the judge refused , the FISA Court might reject an application for a FISA warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .
in any event , the minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal [call for] but the u.s. attorney 's office or the judge refused , the fisa court might reject an application for a fisa [call for] on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .

Therefore , it was judged too risky to seek a criminal warrant unless it was certain that it would be approved .
therefore , it was judged too risky to seek a criminal [call for] unless it was certain that it would be approved .

Finally , the Minneapolis Field Office mistakenly believed that the 1995 Attorney General procedures required OIPR 's approval before it could contact the U.S. Attorney 's Office about obtaining a criminal warrant .
finally , the minneapolis field office mistakenly believed that the 1995 attorney general procedures required oipr 's approval before it could contact the u.s. attorney 's office about obtaining a criminal [call for] .

In other words , the authorities of the FISA law could not be used to circumvent traditional criminal warrant requirements .
in other words , the authorities of the fisa law could not be used to circumvent traditional criminal [call for] requirements .

The Office threatened that if it could not regulate the flow of information to criminal prosecutors , it would no longer present the FBI 's warrant requests to the FISA Court .
the office threatened that if it could not regulate the flow of information to criminal prosecutors , it would no longer present the fbi 's [call for] requests to the fisa court .

The law requires the NSA to not deliberately collect data on U.S. citizens or on persons in the United States without a warrant based on foreign intelligence requirements .
the law requires the nsa to not deliberately collect data on u.s. citizens or on persons in the united states without a [call for] based on foreign intelligence requirements .

The NSA was supposed to let the FBI know of any indication of crime , espionage , or `` terrorist enterprise '' so that the FBI could obtain the appropriate warrant .
the nsa was supposed to let the fbi know of any indication of crime , espionage , or `` terrorist enterprise '' so that the fbi could obtain the appropriate [call for] .

Sending CIA officers into Afghanistan was to be considered `` if the gain clearly outweighs the risk '' -but at this time no such gains presented themselves to warrant the risk .
sending cia officers into afghanistan was to be considered `` if the gain clearly outweighs the risk '' -but at this time no such gains presented themselves to [call for] the risk .

The agents in Minnesota were concerned that the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Minneapolis would find insufficient probable cause of a crime to obtain a criminal warrant to search Moussaoui 's laptop computer .
the agents in minnesota were concerned that the u.s. attorney 's office in minneapolis would find insufficient probable cause of a crime to obtain a criminal [call for] to search moussaoui 's laptop computer .

Minneapolis therefore sought a special warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to conduct the search ( we introduced FISA in chapter 3 ) .
minneapolis therefore sought a special [call for] under the foreign intelligence surveillance act to conduct the search ( we introduced fisa in chapter 3 ) .

To do so , however , the FBI needed to demonstrate probable cause that Moussaoui was an agent of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not required to obtain a criminal warrant but was a statutory requirement for a FISA warrant .
to do so , however , the fbi needed to demonstrate probable cause that moussaoui was an agent of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not required to obtain a criminal [call for] but was a statutory requirement for a fisa [call for] .

As mentioned above , before 9/11 the FBI agents in Minneapolis had failed to persuade supervisors at headquarters that there was enough evidence to seek a FISA warrant to search Moussaoui 's computer hard drive and belongings .
as mentioned above , before 9/11 the fbi agents in minneapolis had failed to persuade supervisors at headquarters that there was enough evidence to seek a fisa [call for] to search moussaoui 's computer hard drive and belongings .

A warrant of deportation was issued .
a [call for] of deportation was issued .

As best we can determine , neither in 2000 nor in the first eight months of 2001 did any polling organization in the United States think the subject of terrorism sufficiently on the minds of the public to warrant asking a question about it in a major national survey .
as best we can determine , neither in 2000 nor in the first eight months of 2001 did any polling organization in the united states think the subject of terrorism sufficiently on the minds of the public to [call for] asking a question about it in a major national survey .

In May 1998 , months before he was expelled from school , German authorities had issued a warrant to arrest and deport `` Ramzi Omar . ''
in may 1998 , months before he was expelled from school , german authorities had issued a [call for] to arrest and deport `` ramzi omar . ''

These findings warrant validation in large prospective trials using standardized mutation detection techniques .
these findings [call for] validation in large prospective trials using standardized mutation detection techniques .

Back in 1938 , although it was known that over 2,500 people a year in Britain died from drinking raw milk , the risk was not seen as large enough to warrant legislation to make pasteurisation compulsory .
back in 1938 , although it was known that over 2,500 people a year in britain died from drinking raw milk , the risk was not seen as large enough to [call for] legislation to make pasteurisation compulsory .

Finally , notwithstanding limits to precision , the benefits to be obtained from estimates of the average final epidemic size and the timing of epidemics alone may warrant considerable investment in EWSs .
finally , notwithstanding limits to precision , the benefits to be obtained from estimates of the average final epidemic size and the timing of epidemics alone may [call for] considerable investment in ewss .

It 's not clear that Buckley v. Valeo prevents genuine reform -- or that even if it does , the corruption of the current system is severe enough to warrant tinkering with the Bill of Rights .
it 's not clear that buckley v. valeo prevents genuine reform -- or that even if it does , the corruption of the current system is severe enough to [call for] tinkering with the bill of rights .

They lash out at one another by each accusing the other of favoring politically unpopular , but programmatically wise policy positions : to raise taxes if circumstances warrant it ; to raise the retirement age for Social Security benefits ; to consider school vouchers on an experimental basis ; and so on .
they lash out at one another by each accusing the other of favoring politically unpopular , but programmatically wise policy positions : to raise taxes if circumstances [call for] it ; to raise the retirement age for social security benefits ; to consider school vouchers on an experimental basis ; and so on .

Both also report that Clinton will not attend every session but will be available to return whenever circumstances warrant .
both also report that clinton will not attend every session but will be available to return whenever circumstances [call for] .

A WP front pager reports that Canadian authorities have issued an arrest warrant for Abdelmajed Dahoumane , former roommate of Ahmed Ressam , the man arrested last week for trying to enter Washington state while carrying ingredients for explosives .
a wp front pager reports that canadian authorities have issued an arrest [call for] for abdelmajed dahoumane , former roommate of ahmed ressam , the man arrested last week for trying to enter washington state while carrying ingredients for explosives .

Satellite remotes from Nikkei and Hang Seng as REM events warrant .
satellite remotes from nikkei and hang seng as rem events [call for] .

Thank goodness Stein did n't include `` setting a bad example for our children '' among the high crimes and misdemeanors that would warrant the removal of an elected president from office .
thank goodness stein did n't include `` setting a bad example for our children '' among the high crimes and misdemeanors that would [call for] the removal of an elected president from office .

Federal authorities have issued a warrant for his arrest .
federal authorities have issued a [call for] for his arrest .

The director , Jay Roach , keeps the picture bumping along , refusing to give the gags more weight than they warrant .
the director , jay roach , keeps the picture bumping along , refusing to give the gags more weight than they [call for] .

Otherwise , so long as his religious convictions , no matter how weak or strong they may be , are not geared toward the outright oppression or destruction/neglect of those who fail to share his views , they should not matter , and warrant no scrutiny .
otherwise , so long as his religious convictions , no matter how weak or strong they may be , are not geared toward the outright oppression or destruction/neglect of those who fail to share his views , they should not matter , and [call for] no scrutiny .

In general , a warrant must be signed -- or , in a civil case , a complaint filed -- before the statute of limitations expires .
in general , a [call for] must be signed -- or , in a civil case , a complaint filed -- before the statute of limitations expires .

In Wisconsin , where the statute of limitations in rape cases is six years , a warrant requires a name , an alias , or a physical description of the suspect that would allow him to be arrested with reasonable certainty .
in wisconsin , where the statute of limitations in rape cases is six years , a [call for] requires a name , an alias , or a physical description of the suspect that would allow him to be arrested with reasonable certainty .

Arguably , few fingerprints ( or other identifiers ) would be sufficiently persuasive for a warrant to be issued on their basis alone .
arguably , few fingerprints ( or other identifiers ) would be sufficiently persuasive for a [call for] to be issued on their basis alone .

He seems motivated by a deep-seated longing to heal and protect , but this is not a sufficient warrant for violating the privacy of an individual 's rights and trampling on the Constitution .
he seems motivated by a deep-seated longing to heal and protect , but this is not a sufficient [call for] for violating the privacy of an individual 's rights and trampling on the constitution .

Most service contracts are scams , and this sort of solid-state consumer-electronics gadget certainly does n't warrant one .
most service contracts are scams , and this sort of solid-state consumer-electronics gadget certainly does n't [call for] one .

Nebbishes are too pathetic to warrant actual disdain .
nebbishes are too pathetic to [call for] actual disdain .

I will warrant that our doctor -- keenly attuned to the income-enhancing potential of well-insured diagnoses as he was -- was probably far better trained than the average practitioner in his cohort .
i will [call for] that our doctor -- keenly attuned to the income-enhancing potential of well-insured diagnoses as he was -- was probably far better trained than the average practitioner in his cohort .

In their review of several FISA applications in the context of criminal cases , they have yet to indicate that a FISA warrant was improperly granted .
in their review of several fisa applications in the context of criminal cases , they have yet to indicate that a fisa [call for] was improperly granted .

The Democrats must insist that Mr. Clinton has hurt nobody , except perhaps his family , and has done nothing to warrant impeachment . ''
the democrats must insist that mr. clinton has hurt nobody , except perhaps his family , and has done nothing to [call for] impeachment . ''

General conclusions : 1 ) Star player David Beckham was an idiot to have committed the foul that got him kicked out of the game ( `` an astonishing display of petulance , '' says the Mirror ) ; 2 ) Beckham 's infraction was harmless and did not warrant an ejection ; and 3 ) 18-year-old phenom Michael Owen is a brilliant talent .
general conclusions : 1 ) star player david beckham was an idiot to have committed the foul that got him kicked out of the game ( `` an astonishing display of petulance , '' says the mirror ) ; 2 ) beckham 's infraction was harmless and did not [call for] an ejection ; and 3 ) 18-year-old phenom michael owen is a brilliant talent .

The Guardian of London reported from India on a warrant issued by a court in New Delhi for the arrest of Rupert Murdoch for screening `` vulgar '' films on his Star Movies TV channel .
the guardian of london reported from india on a [call for] issued by a court in new delhi for the arrest of rupert murdoch for screening `` vulgar '' films on his star movies tv channel .

The warrant was issued on the initiative of an obscure , self-appointed guardian of family values , a lawyer named Anil Goel , who had objected to four films -- The Jigsaw Murders , Dance of the Damned , Stripped to Kill , and Big , Bad Mama -- that were broadcast in November 1996 , the newspaper said .
the [call for] was issued on the initiative of an obscure , self-appointed guardian of family values , a lawyer named anil goel , who had objected to four films -- the jigsaw murders , dance of the damned , stripped to kill , and big , bad mama -- that were broadcast in november 1996 , the newspaper said .

It seems that when federal agents executed a search warrant at the Montana ranch of Paul Berger to look for signs of poisoned bald eagles ( they did n't find any ) , they included in their raiding party three CNN employees with video cameras , and the agents themselves were wearing wires that went to a CNN feed .
it seems that when federal agents executed a search [call for] at the montana ranch of paul berger to look for signs of poisoned bald eagles ( they did n't find any ) , they included in their raiding party three cnn employees with video cameras , and the agents themselves were wearing wires that went to a cnn feed .

The people at Disney find it extraordinary , the people in love with Disney who flocked to buy houses in Celebration find it extraordinary , and thankfully , Douglas Frantz and Catherine Collins and Andrew Ross find it extraordinary , too , enough so to warrant spending a year of their lives there .
the people at disney find it extraordinary , the people in love with disney who flocked to buy houses in celebration find it extraordinary , and thankfully , douglas frantz and catherine collins and andrew ross find it extraordinary , too , enough so to [call for] spending a year of their lives there .

So what if the next campaign is too far away to warrant a motorcade ... . well , there must be some explanation . )
so what if the next campaign is too far away to [call for] a motorcade ... . well , there must be some explanation . )

The secrecy is more opaque than it appears to warrant .
the secrecy is more opaque than it appears to [call for] .

It says we all warrant skeptical self-scrutiny , and it warns us that this scrutiny , being unnatural , is very hard .
it says we all [call for] skeptical self-scrutiny , and it warns us that this scrutiny , being unnatural , is very hard .

The treaty 's verification rules would violate U.S. sovereignty , allowing foreign inspectors to swoop down on a factory `` without probable cause , without a search warrant , '' and `` interrogate employees , '' `` remove documents , '' and so on .
the treaty 's verification rules would violate u.s. sovereignty , allowing foreign inspectors to swoop down on a factory `` without probable cause , without a search [call for] , '' and `` interrogate employees , '' `` remove documents , '' and so on .

All these cases warrant attention , but the explosion of numbers may be caused by the growing reportorial sensitivity of professionals , that is , `` definitional creep . ''
all these cases [call for] attention , but the explosion of numbers may be caused by the growing reportorial sensitivity of professionals , that is , `` definitional creep . ''

The woman I spoke to coolly asked how much I made as a writer , judged the amount too high to warrant condolences , and said I should be glad to pay my share .
the woman i spoke to coolly asked how much i made as a writer , judged the amount too high to [call for] condolences , and said i should be glad to pay my share .

The WP , NYT , LAT and Wall Street Journal report that China has issued an arrest warrant for Li Hongzhi , the New York-based leader of the now-banned sect Falun Gong , charging him with the deaths of hundreds of his followers .
the wp , nyt , lat and wall street journal report that china has issued an arrest [call for] for li hongzhi , the new york-based leader of the now-banned sect falun gong , charging him with the deaths of hundreds of his followers .

The papers note that the warrant is much more political than legal , in that the U.S. does not have an extradition treaty with China .
the papers note that the [call for] is much more political than legal , in that the u.s. does not have an extradition treaty with china .

Carlson uses this vignette to make the point that Bush has a long memory for slights , in this case the lethal injectee 's accusation that he was caving to election-year pressure by signing her death warrant .
carlson uses this vignette to make the point that bush has a long memory for slights , in this case the lethal injectee 's accusation that he was caving to election-year pressure by signing her death [call for] .

The China spying stories all point out that there was a multi-year delay in investigating the contents of suspect Wen Ho Lee 's computer -- caused by wrangling between the FBI which wanted a warrant to do so , and the DOJ , which found the evidence for doing so less than compelling .
the china spying stories all point out that there was a multi-year delay in investigating the contents of suspect wen ho lee 's computer -- caused by wrangling between the fbi which wanted a [call for] to do so , and the doj , which found the evidence for doing so less than compelling .

Stadium owners have judged these costs to be large enough to warrant serious attempts to limit scalping ; and given the experience of the last two years , you do n't have to be an anti-market fanatic to argue that some limits on hot money would also be a good thing , if feasible .
stadium owners have judged these costs to be large enough to [call for] serious attempts to limit scalping ; and given the experience of the last two years , you do n't have to be an anti-market fanatic to argue that some limits on hot money would also be a good thing , if feasible .

While the Russian papers Wednesday gave top billing to domestic stories , especially the arrest warrant for President Boris Yeltsin 's tycoon friend Boris Berezovsky on charges of money laundering , they covered the Kosovar refugee crisis in a manner often strongly critical of the Western alliance .
while the russian papers wednesday gave top billing to domestic stories , especially the arrest [call for] for president boris yeltsin 's tycoon friend boris berezovsky on charges of money laundering , they covered the kosovar refugee crisis in a manner often strongly critical of the western alliance .

The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung said Wednesday in a front-page editorial that Germany , which has a large Kurdish immigrant population , has damaged both its own constitution and international agreements on terrorism by refusing to request Ocalan 's extradition from Italy last month , when it had an international arrest warrant out on him .
the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung said wednesday in a front-page editorial that germany , which has a large kurdish immigrant population , has damaged both its own constitution and international agreements on terrorism by refusing to request ocalan 's extradition from italy last month , when it had an international arrest [call for] out on him .

Random CWC inspections , Bork says , violate the Fourth Amendment , which requires a warrant to search private facilities .
random cwc inspections , bork says , violate the fourth amendment , which requires a [call for] to search private facilities .

Police arrived at the Ramsey home to monitor incoming phone calls , left a few hours later , and returned with a warrant to search the house for evidence of a break-in .
police arrived at the ramsey home to monitor incoming phone calls , left a few hours later , and returned with a [call for] to search the house for evidence of a break-in .

Although circuit breakers were first imposed this week , the governing board of the NYSE does stop trading when circumstances warrant it .
although circuit breakers were first imposed this week , the governing board of the nyse does stop trading when circumstances [call for] it .

Critics say that 350-point trigger is far too low , allowing the circuit breakers to flip at levels that do n't warrant a stoppage of trade .
critics say that 350-point trigger is far too low , allowing the circuit breakers to flip at levels that do n't [call for] a stoppage of trade .

Which wrongs do or do not warrant apologies ?
which wrongs do or do not [call for] apologies ?

They do not need a warrant to search the residence of a skip , even a hotel room .
they do not need a [call for] to search the residence of a skip , even a hotel room .

British Petroleum , the world 's third-largest oil company , announced that `` there is now enough scientific evidence to warrant concern about whether human activity -- primarily the burning of fossil fuels like coal , oil and natural gas -- is changing Earth 's climate . ''
british petroleum , the world 's third-largest oil company , announced that `` there is now enough scientific evidence to [call for] concern about whether human activity -- primarily the burning of fossil fuels like coal , oil and natural gas -- is changing earth 's climate . ''

Both the NYT and the WP opine that the House has yet to prove that Clinton 's conduct is sufficiently egregious to warrant his removal .
both the nyt and the wp opine that the house has yet to prove that clinton 's conduct is sufficiently egregious to [call for] his removal .

The WP reports that the president 's lawyers plan on a `` fact-driven '' defense , which means challenging the Starr report 's specific allegations rather than arguing that none of the allegations warrant removal .
the wp reports that the president 's lawyers plan on a `` fact-driven '' defense , which means challenging the starr report 's specific allegations rather than arguing that none of the allegations [call for] removal .

The LAT says the dead in Berlin were two men and a woman and says the rioting there may `` foreshadow a season of deadly discontent as Kurdish protests spread ... . '' The LAT and WP do a good job explaining the German background to the story -- last fall , Germany 's Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder , aware of the sensitive mix of the larger number of Kurds and Turks in his country , decided not to ask Italy to hand Ocalan over on an outstanding arrest warrant .
the lat says the dead in berlin were two men and a woman and says the rioting there may `` foreshadow a season of deadly discontent as kurdish protests spread ... . '' the lat and wp do a good job explaining the german background to the story -- last fall , germany 's chancellor gerhard schroeder , aware of the sensitive mix of the larger number of kurds and turks in his country , decided not to ask italy to hand ocalan over on an outstanding arrest [call for] .

The Washington Post leads with the arrest of two suspects in the Tanzania embassy bombing case and the issuance of an arrest warrant for a third suspect in the Nairobi attack .
the washington post leads with the arrest of two suspects in the tanzania embassy bombing case and the issuance of an arrest [call for] for a third suspect in the nairobi attack .

Oddly , USAT buries until the third-from-the-bottom paragraph the news that a source says Starr concludes Clinton committed eleven offenses that could warrant impeachment , a detail the WP rightly puts in its lead 's first sentence .
oddly , usat buries until the third-from-the-bottom paragraph the news that a source says starr concludes clinton committed eleven offenses that could [call for] impeachment , a detail the wp rightly puts in its lead 's first sentence .

Notwithstanding , I should not think it common enough to warrant occupying space in this book .
notwithstanding , i should not think it common enough to [call for] occupying space in this book .

The fact that Graham has found that citations for such usage exist ( how old they may be is of little consequence ) is not to be construed as evidence that they ( necessarily ) existed in sufficient profusion to warrant acceptance by the English-speaking populations .
the fact that graham has found that citations for such usage exist ( how old they may be is of little consequence ) is not to be construed as evidence that they ( necessarily ) existed in sufficient profusion to [call for] acceptance by the english-speaking populations .

I had done something to warrant the sudden attention .
i had done something to [call for] the sudden attention .

You do this by flashing your brief , which means in practice waving under his nose a bit of plastic that is actually your warrant card , but as far as Chummy knows might be anything , and announcing that he 's nicked .
you do this by flashing your brief , which means in practice waving under his nose a bit of plastic that is actually your [call for] card , but as far as chummy knows might be anything , and announcing that he 's nicked .

If he refuses his permission for them to do so , they will get a W ( warrant ) from a magistrate or , in some parts , a Panel of experts bench of lay justices .
if he refuses his permission for them to do so , they will get a w ( [call for] ) from a magistrate or , in some parts , a panel of experts bench of lay justices .

The first , “ belonging or relating to Macedonia , ” has “ usu cap ” as does the third , “ a follower of the bishop Macedonius ... , ” ; but is there substantial enough evidence for these forms being spelled with a lower-case m to warrant such treatment ?
the first , “ belonging or relating to macedonia , ” has “ usu cap ” as does the third , “ a follower of the bishop macedonius ... , ” ; but is there substantial enough evidence for these forms being spelled with a lower-case m to [call for] such treatment ?

