`` Whence , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ?
`` [from which/from what] , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ?

but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , whence his frame had been taken '' .
but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , [from which/from what] his frame had been taken '' .

They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region , from whence they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the Gulf .
they threatened constantly to give the british a hold on this region , from [from which/from what] they could move easily down the rivers to the french settlements near the gulf .

They very sore people , and they 're very stubborn most of them so whence they have an idea and ca n't get them away from it very very easily
they very sore people , and they 're very stubborn most of them so [from which/from what] they have an idea and ca n't get them away from it very very easily

This was in the foothills of the Mournes , whence he had been sent to take a photograph of bees and beekeeping .
this was in the foothills of the mournes , [from which/from what] he had been sent to take a photograph of bees and beekeeping .

They are therefore eliminated from the conscious mind , in other words , forgotten , by suppressing them into the unconscious from whence , however , they continue to exert an effect .
they are therefore eliminated from the conscious mind , in other words , forgotten , by suppressing them into the unconscious from [from which/from what] , however , they continue to exert an effect .

Twelve males and twelve females — Godwin had objected to the ties of conventional marriage — would hold their property in common , as in the ideal republic described by Plato ( whence Pantisocracy , which literally means ‘ all equal government ’ ) .
twelve males and twelve females — godwin had objected to the ties of conventional marriage — would hold their property in common , as in the ideal republic described by plato ( [from which/from what] pantisocracy , which literally means ‘ all equal government ’ ) .

Take Ventura County , whence came the 12 jurors — six men , six women , six Republicans , six Democrats , 10 white , one Hispanic , one Asian-American , eight having served in the army — who acquitted the cops .
take ventura county , [from which/from what] came the 12 jurors — six men , six women , six republicans , six democrats , 10 white , one hispanic , one asian-american , eight having served in the army — who acquitted the cops .

She heard Macbeth say , on stage , Whence is that knocking ?
she heard macbeth say , on stage , [from which/from what] is that knocking ?

The passages it cancelled had , in any case , as in certain programmes , not been lost but stored on some limbo disc from whence they must now be retrieved .
the passages it cancelled had , in any case , as in certain programmes , not been lost but stored on some limbo disc from [from which/from what] they must now be retrieved .

Therefore instead of walking all the way along the cliffs that morning , he decided to go down to the beach on the last lap of his journey , knowing that Edna and her small charge could well be at the far end , from whence he could quickly scramble up the pathway to the Tremayne property .
therefore instead of walking all the way along the cliffs that morning , he decided to go down to the beach on the last lap of his journey , knowing that edna and her small charge could well be at the far end , from [from which/from what] he could quickly scramble up the pathway to the tremayne property .

He agreed , and lounged away to his room , from whence the sound of his portable typewriter could soon be heard .
he agreed , and lounged away to his room , from [from which/from what] the sound of his portable typewriter could soon be heard .

One Saturday morning , some two weeks after Mrs Frizzell 's encounter with Mrs Stych , Mr Frizzell was seated at his office desk in a glassed-in area above the garage proper , from whence he could see all that was going on at both back and front of his property .
one saturday morning , some two weeks after mrs frizzell 's encounter with mrs stych , mr frizzell was seated at his office desk in a glassed-in area above the garage proper , from [from which/from what] he could see all that was going on at both back and front of his property .

‘ Our hydra 's withdrawing into the warp whence it came , ’ Googol murmured , half in answer to her .
‘ our hydra 's withdrawing into the warp [from which/from what] it came , ’ googol murmured , half in answer to her .

145 and 150 were transferred and pushed across the gap in the rails at Norbury , whence they were able to travel under their own power to Penge depôt .
145 and 150 were transferred and pushed across the gap in the rails at norbury , [from which/from what] they were able to travel under their own power to penge depôt .

Receptor molecules spit out their neurotransmitters once they have served their purpose , and the cell whence they came mops them up for reuse .
receptor molecules spit out their neurotransmitters once they have served their purpose , and the cell [from which/from what] they came mops them up for reuse .

It is so tiny that it can live inside an empty clam shell whence it emerges to seize minute soldier crabs .
it is so tiny that it can live inside an empty clam shell [from which/from what] it emerges to seize minute soldier crabs .

Until the end of the last year , 23rd Precinct , the label , had conspicuously failed to emulate the success of the specialist Glasgow dance music store from whence the label was launched .
until the end of the last year , 23rd precinct , the label , had conspicuously failed to emulate the success of the specialist glasgow dance music store from [from which/from what] the label was launched .

When in the same issue the journal reviewed Why Men Forget we are reminded of just how many social melodramas there were for this film showed a Socialist spokesman being discharged from a factory and ‘ denouncing wealth in no uncertain terms ’ before inheriting wealth and marrying a society girl and finally deciding to return to the poor folk from whence he came .
when in the same issue the journal reviewed why men forget we are reminded of just how many social melodramas there were for this film showed a socialist spokesman being discharged from a factory and ‘ denouncing wealth in no uncertain terms ’ before inheriting wealth and marrying a society girl and finally deciding to return to the poor folk from [from which/from what] he came .

‘ Moved whence , my lord ? To another royal palace — Eltham or Greenwich perchance ? ’
‘ moved [from which/from what] , my lord ? to another royal palace — eltham or greenwich perchance ? ’

One of Parker 's coadjutors contributed a remarkable note : ‘ Ophir is thought to be the Ilande in the west coast , of late founde by Christopher Columbo fro whence at this day is brought most fine golde .
one of parker 's coadjutors contributed a remarkable note : ‘ ophir is thought to be the ilande in the west coast , of late founde by christopher columbo fro [from which/from what] at this day is brought most fine golde .

The ascent is usually started at the farm of Ribigill , south of the village of Tongue , whence shepherds ' tracks continue in the direction of the climb .
the ascent is usually started at the farm of ribigill , south of the village of tongue , [from which/from what] shepherds ' tracks continue in the direction of the climb .

The waterfall may be visited by hiring a boat and boatman ( enquire at Kylesku Hotel ) for a three-mile voyage to the far end of this loch , whence a short walk brings it into view .
the waterfall may be visited by hiring a boat and boatman ( enquire at kylesku hotel ) for a three-mile voyage to the far end of this loch , [from which/from what] a short walk brings it into view .

The gully is steep and rough but not beyond the ability of an average walker , and leads unerringly to the depression on the ridge , whence a simple climb up to the right leads to the summit cairn of Caisteal Liath .
the gully is steep and rough but not beyond the ability of an average walker , and leads unerringly to the depression on the ridge , [from which/from what] a simple climb up to the right leads to the summit cairn of caisteal liath .

Of the former , he wrote : ‘ The instrument in which a constitution is embodied proceeds from a source different from that whence spring other laws , is regulated in a different way , and exerts a sovereign force .
of the former , he wrote : ‘ the instrument in which a constitution is embodied proceeds from a source different from that [from which/from what] spring other laws , is regulated in a different way , and exerts a sovereign force .

Whence does Parliament derive this power to make law ?
[from which/from what] does parliament derive this power to make law ?

This road can be picked up just outside Kenilworth , whence it runs in a south-easterly direction through Offchurch across country to Southam , and thence through an almost uninhabited landscape towards the North-amptonshire uplands .
this road can be picked up just outside kenilworth , [from which/from what] it runs in a south-easterly direction through offchurch across country to southam , and thence through an almost uninhabited landscape towards the north-amptonshire uplands .

Boiling water hissed and heaved within dilapidated walls ; whence , also , the glare and roar of flames came issuing forth ; and mounds of ashes blocked up rights of way , and wholly changed the law and custom of the neighbourhood .
boiling water hissed and heaved within dilapidated walls ; [from which/from what] , also , the glare and roar of flames came issuing forth ; and mounds of ashes blocked up rights of way , and wholly changed the law and custom of the neighbourhood .

There were some minor successes in cases of illegal imprisonment of seamen , standards of accommodation for lascars and compensation for sickness and injury , but for the most part the Shipping Federation reigned supreme , `` by turns supercilious and vindictive `` , providing ample funds for blackleg labour and even , during the parliamentary session of 1906 during which the Merchant Shipping Bill was being considered `` turning a corner of the Committee Room into a private bureau of their own from whence they assiduously prompted and coached those shipowners in the Committee who were hostile to Mr. Lloyd George 's proposals `` .
there were some minor successes in cases of illegal imprisonment of seamen , standards of accommodation for lascars and compensation for sickness and injury , but for the most part the shipping federation reigned supreme , `` by turns supercilious and vindictive `` , providing ample funds for blackleg labour and even , during the parliamentary session of 1906 during which the merchant shipping bill was being considered `` turning a corner of the committee room into a private bureau of their own from [from which/from what] they assiduously prompted and coached those shipowners in the committee who were hostile to mr. lloyd george 's proposals `` .

Let us first consider the case when the point of observation is far away from the ring ( ) ; then the vector potential takes the form , which may be rewritten in spherical coordinates as , whence the magnetic field is .
let us first consider the case when the point of observation is far away from the ring ( ) ; then the vector potential takes the form , which may be rewritten in spherical coordinates as , [from which/from what] the magnetic field is .

Assuming now that all the flux produced by coil 1 will pass through coil 2 as well , we get for the voltage in coil 2 , whence .
assuming now that all the flux produced by coil 1 will pass through coil 2 as well , we get for the voltage in coil 2 , [from which/from what] .

Assuming that θ = 0 at t = 0 the angular position of the loop is given by and the flux across the loop may be obtained as , whence the e.m.f. is .
assuming that θ = 0 at t = 0 the angular position of the loop is given by and the flux across the loop may be obtained as , [from which/from what] the e.m.f. is .

The preamble of the Treaty of Rome emphasizes two goals : an end to intra-European conflict and prosperity not confined to industrial populations ( whence the Common Agricultural Policy ) .
the preamble of the treaty of rome emphasizes two goals : an end to intra-european conflict and prosperity not confined to industrial populations ( [from which/from what] the common agricultural policy ) .

it is a nothing , a zero , a mere point , which , however , dwells in all apparent existences , and at the same time is the point of origin whence , on the slightest stimulus , a double appearance presents itself , an appearance which only manifests itself to vanish .
it is a nothing , a zero , a mere point , which , however , dwells in all apparent existences , and at the same time is the point of origin [from which/from what] , on the slightest stimulus , a double appearance presents itself , an appearance which only manifests itself to vanish .

Before the invention of refrigeration , peasants on the Slovene Karst stored blocks of ice in the depths of the caves , whence they could be transported in spring and summer to the fish market of Trieste , to be exchanged for the copper sulphate needed to treat the vines in order to control the ravages of the deadly aphid Phylloxera .
before the invention of refrigeration , peasants on the slovene karst stored blocks of ice in the depths of the caves , [from which/from what] they could be transported in spring and summer to the fish market of trieste , to be exchanged for the copper sulphate needed to treat the vines in order to control the ravages of the deadly aphid phylloxera .

He almost outpaced his men as they approached the customs building , from whence there came sounds of hand-to-hand combat .
he almost outpaced his men as they approached the customs building , from [from which/from what] there came sounds of hand-to-hand combat .

part of the process of universal involvement in recognition of Artai as Lord of the Earth now necessitated the removal of the Dragon Throne — a solid piece of carving of the weight of seven thousand diram — with its occupant from the top of the plinth down to the concourse from whence it was destined to be borne on a processional route on the shoulders of teams of men of every degree in the Khanate , most of whom had been selected by lot , although there were a few who had paid out considerable sums in gold koban for the privilege of inclusion .
part of the process of universal involvement in recognition of artai as lord of the earth now necessitated the removal of the dragon throne — a solid piece of carving of the weight of seven thousand diram — with its occupant from the top of the plinth down to the concourse from [from which/from what] it was destined to be borne on a processional route on the shoulders of teams of men of every degree in the khanate , most of whom had been selected by lot , although there were a few who had paid out considerable sums in gold koban for the privilege of inclusion .

All that was important of human knowledge had been handed down — no one knew for certain whence old science had come — and only in interpretation was there ever anything which was novel or innovative .
all that was important of human knowledge had been handed down — no one knew for certain [from which/from what] old science had come — and only in interpretation was there ever anything which was novel or innovative .

They were aware of a low rumble , a granite growl , though whence it came , whether from above or below them , was not evident .
they were aware of a low rumble , a granite growl , though [from which/from what] it came , whether from above or below them , was not evident .

This it manifestly does , but it is aware that it is not unique in doing so ( whence the many references to Tristam Shandy and Jacques le fataliste , archetypes of the novel that undermines its own stated project of telling a story ) .
this it manifestly does , but it is aware that it is not unique in doing so ( [from which/from what] the many references to tristam shandy and jacques le fataliste , archetypes of the novel that undermines its own stated project of telling a story ) .

Edward , observing the patient journey of this one ( from whence ?
edward , observing the patient journey of this one ( from [from which/from what] ?

He went from Rugby to the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich , whence he was commissioned into the Royal Engineers on 28 July 1915 .
he went from rugby to the royal military academy , woolwich , [from which/from what] he was commissioned into the royal engineers on 28 july 1915 .

His parents removed him from Wellington College in 1891 , following a diphtheria epidemic , to a school in Bruges , whence too he was removed after a homosexual scandal .
his parents removed him from wellington college in 1891 , following a diphtheria epidemic , to a school in bruges , [from which/from what] too he was removed after a homosexual scandal .

He spent three years in New York State as resident secretary of the Sleepy Hollow Country Club , a rich men 's recreation park on the Hudson River , whence he could keep an eye on wealthy Irish-Americans .
he spent three years in new york state as resident secretary of the sleepy hollow country club , a rich men 's recreation park on the hudson river , [from which/from what] he could keep an eye on wealthy irish-americans .

After the débâcle at Acre he retired to Cyprus , whence he visited Armenia and Jerusalem before returning to Grandson and finally to England in 1296 .
after the débâcle at acre he retired to cyprus , [from which/from what] he visited armenia and jerusalem before returning to grandson and finally to england in 1296 .

Creevey was educated at Newcome 's School , Hackney , which favoured ‘ the sons of noblemen and gentlemen ’ , from c .1780 to 1787 , when he was admitted to Queens ' College , Cambridge , whence he graduated in 1789 as seventh wrangler .
creevey was educated at newcome 's school , hackney , which favoured ‘ the sons of noblemen and gentlemen ’ , from c .1780 to 1787 , when he was admitted to queens ' college , cambridge , [from which/from what] he graduated in 1789 as seventh wrangler .

It was then totally destroyed by fire , which started in the lantern roof and , despite the efforts of the keepers , spread down through the timbers , driving the men out upon the rocks , whence they were rescued next day .
it was then totally destroyed by fire , which started in the lantern roof and , despite the efforts of the keepers , spread down through the timbers , driving the men out upon the rocks , [from which/from what] they were rescued next day .

Rackam 's swashbuckling manner was matched and supported by his theatrical dress : his shirt , jacket , and trousers were of striped calico , whence came the name ‘ Calico Jack ’ .
rackam 's swashbuckling manner was matched and supported by his theatrical dress : his shirt , jacket , and trousers were of striped calico , [from which/from what] came the name ‘ calico jack ’ .

He supervised operations from a large warehouse at Greenwich on the Thames , whence he supplied the metropolitan market in particular .
he supervised operations from a large warehouse at greenwich on the thames , [from which/from what] he supplied the metropolitan market in particular .

, the pioneer naturalist of the south-eastern states of America , said that ‘ Mr. Gray at Fulham has for many years made it his business to raise and cultivate the plants of America ( from whence he has annually fresh supplies ) in order to furnish the curious with what they want … Through his industry and skill , a greater variety of American forest-trees and shrubs may be seen in his gardens , than in any other place in England .
, the pioneer naturalist of the south-eastern states of america , said that ‘ mr. gray at fulham has for many years made it his business to raise and cultivate the plants of america ( from [from which/from what] he has annually fresh supplies ) in order to furnish the curious with what they want … through his industry and skill , a greater variety of american forest-trees and shrubs may be seen in his gardens , than in any other place in england .

He was educated at Batley Grammar School whence he went to the Royal College of Science in London in 1912 .
he was educated at batley grammar school [from which/from what] he went to the royal college of science in london in 1912 .

Before the Endeavour arrived in Batavia in October 1770 ( whence the records of his Venus observations were dispatched to England ) , Green had been sick with scurvy and dysentery .
before the endeavour arrived in batavia in october 1770 ( [from which/from what] the records of his venus observations were dispatched to england ) , green had been sick with scurvy and dysentery .

‘ Who are you and whence come you ?
‘ who are you and [from which/from what] come you ?

John Stuart Mill can not help claiming the suffrage for the Negro — and the woman . Such conclusions are the inevitable results of the premises whence he started … [ and their ] reductio ad absurdum
john stuart mill can not help claiming the suffrage for the negro — and the woman . such conclusions are the inevitable results of the premises [from which/from what] he started … [ and their ] reductio ad absurdum

But it took a trained observer to follow her through the quicksands of her disapprobation ; a false step on the part of one of the aunts , for instance , could have reversed her attitude , and led her into a eulogy of black , into a martyred position whence the garments of all the others were an insult to her lone and exclusive widowhood , into a position where she alone had the right to flout the weight of tradition .
but it took a trained observer to follow her through the quicksands of her disapprobation ; a false step on the part of one of the aunts , for instance , could have reversed her attitude , and led her into a eulogy of black , into a martyred position [from which/from what] the garments of all the others were an insult to her lone and exclusive widowhood , into a position where she alone had the right to flout the weight of tradition .

She could not recognize , did not dare to recognize the grandiose ambitions whence her rage sprang ; it did not amuse her to sit in the Deux Magots , remembering that Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir had once sat there , nor did she wish to glimpse the exteriors of the houses of the famous dead .
she could not recognize , did not dare to recognize the grandiose ambitions [from which/from what] her rage sprang ; it did not amuse her to sit in the deux magots , remembering that sartre and simone de beauvoir had once sat there , nor did she wish to glimpse the exteriors of the houses of the famous dead .

Knowles , who was then Curate of St. Mary 's in Stockport , had the support of the Rector , Mayor , and Aldermen of the Town , but Jackson was recommended by nineteen other clergymen , `` other gentlemen who have had university education … among whom is Mr. Brooke to whom both candidates were scholars [ at Manchester Grammar School ] `` , and the Dean and Senior Fellow of Brasenose College , Oxford ( whence Knowles also had graduated ) .
knowles , who was then curate of st. mary 's in stockport , had the support of the rector , mayor , and aldermen of the town , but jackson was recommended by nineteen other clergymen , `` other gentlemen who have had university education … among whom is mr. brooke to whom both candidates were scholars [ at manchester grammar school ] `` , and the dean and senior fellow of brasenose college , oxford ( [from which/from what] knowles also had graduated ) .

Wright had attended Kingswood School , Bath , whence he went as a Scholar to The Queen 's College , Oxford , to read `` Greats `` and to continue his interests in rugby and music .
wright had attended kingswood school , bath , [from which/from what] he went as a scholar to the queen 's college , oxford , to read `` greats `` and to continue his interests in rugby and music .

We deduce that for , the approximate eigenvector is , and we are able to calculate , , whence .
we deduce that for , the approximate eigenvector is , and we are able to calculate , , [from which/from what] .

His capacity for doing several jobs , and simultaneously , seems to have been formed during this period ; he was essentially full-time executive of the London Zoo and its appurtenances while moving from the Ministry of Defence to the Cabinet Office as the most senior and confidential adviser in sight , whence the reference to Pooh Bah .
his capacity for doing several jobs , and simultaneously , seems to have been formed during this period ; he was essentially full-time executive of the london zoo and its appurtenances while moving from the ministry of defence to the cabinet office as the most senior and confidential adviser in sight , [from which/from what] the reference to pooh bah .

Her hair had been swept up to the top of her head , from whence it was allowed to fall in ringlets to her neck .
her hair had been swept up to the top of her head , from [from which/from what] it was allowed to fall in ringlets to her neck .

The Bohemian party saw only a limited part of the country , landing in Kent , and travelling via London to Reading , Salisbury and Poole , whence they sailed to France .
the bohemian party saw only a limited part of the country , landing in kent , and travelling via london to reading , salisbury and poole , [from which/from what] they sailed to france .

— as to the exact point on the hump-backed bridge whence the Tongue had been thrown .
— as to the exact point on the hump-backed bridge [from which/from what] the tongue had been thrown .

The Air Force , again for reasons of cost , wants them based at existing missile sites in Wyoming , whence they would flee when a crisis loomed .
the air force , again for reasons of cost , wants them based at existing missile sites in wyoming , [from which/from what] they would flee when a crisis loomed .

Gregory says he was the son of a slave and that he came to prominence in the household of king Charibert , whence he was promoted to being comes of Tours .
gregory says he was the son of a slave and that he came to prominence in the household of king charibert , [from which/from what] he was promoted to being comes of tours .

Whether the emphasis in mystical theology is on the interaction of those God-given human faculties which are understood as an image of his being and the means by which man may realise the love and truth manifested in the Incarnation , or on the essential unknowability of the transcendent source from whence that love and truth emanated in time , there is common ground between the two approaches in the sense of a dynamic with which man may engage .
whether the emphasis in mystical theology is on the interaction of those god-given human faculties which are understood as an image of his being and the means by which man may realise the love and truth manifested in the incarnation , or on the essential unknowability of the transcendent source from [from which/from what] that love and truth emanated in time , there is common ground between the two approaches in the sense of a dynamic with which man may engage .

His behaviour at the visit seems to suggest that he was a disturbing presence , since he did not turn up in the Great Hall as expected , but disappeared into a derelict and disused part of the house from whence he had to be fetched .
his behaviour at the visit seems to suggest that he was a disturbing presence , since he did not turn up in the great hall as expected , but disappeared into a derelict and disused part of the house from [from which/from what] he had to be fetched .

He spat blood , and a thin trickle painted a red line from the corner of his mouth to his jawline , whence it dripped onto his coat lapel .
he spat blood , and a thin trickle painted a red line from the corner of his mouth to his jawline , [from which/from what] it dripped onto his coat lapel .

In other words , we have fossils that just suddenly appear around the world at one moment in geological history and " whence , and whither flown again , who knows " ? One can understand this , perhaps , in the fragmentary record of a rare and little-known group , but the Mesozoic brachiopods are now very thoroughly documented in every stage and the relations of these large and distinctive forms can hardly have been missed .
in other words , we have fossils that just suddenly appear around the world at one moment in geological history and " [from which/from what] , and whither flown again , who knows " ? one can understand this , perhaps , in the fragmentary record of a rare and little-known group , but the mesozoic brachiopods are now very thoroughly documented in every stage and the relations of these large and distinctive forms can hardly have been missed .

The spell had leapt out of the page and instantly burrowed deeply into his mind , from whence even the combined talents of the Faculty of Medicine had been unable to coax it .
the spell had leapt out of the page and instantly burrowed deeply into his mind , from [from which/from what] even the combined talents of the faculty of medicine had been unable to coax it .

The main focus of Gould 's attention was the fecund islands to the north-west of Tasmania in Bass 's Straits , whence they would travel by ship from George Town .
the main focus of gould 's attention was the fecund islands to the north-west of tasmania in bass 's straits , [from which/from what] they would travel by ship from george town .

The sudden appearance of great flocks of harlequin bronzewings in the area led him to wonder , ‘ Whence has this fine bird made its appearance ?
the sudden appearance of great flocks of harlequin bronzewings in the area led him to wonder , ‘ [from which/from what] has this fine bird made its appearance ?

This change , which was not provoked by any external force , was inspired by Muhammad ibn Ali , great-grandson of Abbas , an uncle of the Prophet , whence the name of the Abbasid dynasty which now succeeded the Umayyads .
this change , which was not provoked by any external force , was inspired by muhammad ibn ali , great-grandson of abbas , an uncle of the prophet , [from which/from what] the name of the abbasid dynasty which now succeeded the umayyads .

Whence does it come ?
[from which/from what] does it come ?

‘ Roger Shallot , ’ the magistrate thundered , ‘ we find you guilty of these terrible murders and so you must pay the full penalty of the law . You are to be taken whence you came and , at a time appointed by this court , hanged by the neck till dead ! ’
‘ roger shallot , ’ the magistrate thundered , ‘ we find you guilty of these terrible murders and so you must pay the full penalty of the law . you are to be taken [from which/from what] you came and , at a time appointed by this court , hanged by the neck till dead ! ’

The coal used in the district is mostly supplied from North Wales , and to some extent , from North Staffordshire and Lancashire , and is delivered by the Cambrian Company at Montgomery , from whence ( as in the case of lime ) it is carted to its destination .
the coal used in the district is mostly supplied from north wales , and to some extent , from north staffordshire and lancashire , and is delivered by the cambrian company at montgomery , from [from which/from what] ( as in the case of lime ) it is carted to its destination .

His dreams would have to wait , be returned intact to some cupboard deep in the recesses of his mind , whence they would arise , undaunted , at the next glimmer of hope in his career .
his dreams would have to wait , be returned intact to some cupboard deep in the recesses of his mind , [from which/from what] they would arise , undaunted , at the next glimmer of hope in his career .

This thought came into Charles 's already overcrowded mind , and he found himself looking off into the wings , whence the fatal shot had come .
this thought came into charles 's already overcrowded mind , and he found himself looking off into the wings , [from which/from what] the fatal shot had come .

It did n't touch anything till his stomach , whence it sent out radiance .
it did n't touch anything till his stomach , [from which/from what] it sent out radiance .

Gaveston led them back to the heart of the palace whence a servitor took them up to a chamber high in the building .
gaveston led them back to the heart of the palace [from which/from what] a servitor took them up to a chamber high in the building .

Instead , they drove south , down the western side of the estuary , to a pull-in at the end of a lane , whence Mossop and Heather had walked down to the river 's edge and taken the third photograph .
instead , they drove south , down the western side of the estuary , to a pull-in at the end of a lane , [from which/from what] mossop and heather had walked down to the river 's edge and taken the third photograph .

Vocally , however , he inhabited a different plane , some Olympian plateau of detached and perfect judgement whence the most trivial phrase descended as a profound statement of intellectual certitude .
vocally , however , he inhabited a different plane , some olympian plateau of detached and perfect judgement [from which/from what] the most trivial phrase descended as a profound statement of intellectual certitude .

Further down the lake , back in the direction whence they had come , children were playing coach and horses with a sled .
further down the lake , back in the direction [from which/from what] they had come , children were playing coach and horses with a sled .

Cased in the base metal of our fallen state , this ‘ star-fire ’ yearns to return whence it came .
cased in the base metal of our fallen state , this ‘ star-fire ’ yearns to return [from which/from what] it came .

It also had a door leading into the main house , connecting with the headmaster 's hall , whence Mr Crumwallis made his occasional incursions .
it also had a door leading into the main house , connecting with the headmaster 's hall , [from which/from what] mr crumwallis made his occasional incursions .

She stepped forward to the window again and looked down from her turret , whence she had the view of a seagull , on to the sweep of snow , blanketing terrace and steps and lawn , rolling on white and smooth to the ruff of black shrubs on the lochside , and then beyond that the grey water , still as glass , gleaming like steel .
she stepped forward to the window again and looked down from her turret , [from which/from what] she had the view of a seagull , on to the sweep of snow , blanketing terrace and steps and lawn , rolling on white and smooth to the ruff of black shrubs on the lochside , and then beyond that the grey water , still as glass , gleaming like steel .

Charles 's men gained control in Paris , Soissons and Rheims ( whence Ebbo was again driven out ) .
charles 's men gained control in paris , soissons and rheims ( [from which/from what] ebbo was again driven out ) .

‘ So from that spring whence comfort seems to come
‘ so from that spring [from which/from what] comfort seems to come

Since the infinitive evokes the effect , to represent it as a mere result produced on the patient implies representing it as coming after the operation of producing this effect ( = the making ) , whence the use of to to express the before/after relationship between the two events .
since the infinitive evokes the effect , to represent it as a mere result produced on the patient implies representing it as coming after the operation of producing this effect ( = the making ) , [from which/from what] the use of to to express the before/after relationship between the two events .

This is like taking for granted the will of the person to whom the request is made and leaving no room for him to say no — treating him as an instrument — whence the tone of excessive familiarity .
this is like taking for granted the will of the person to whom the request is made and leaving no room for him to say no — treating him as an instrument — [from which/from what] the tone of excessive familiarity .

In affirmative verb phrases therefore the event is explicitly situated in the stretch of time evoked by do , whence the expressive effect of emphasizing something really taking place .
in affirmative verb phrases therefore the event is explicitly situated in the stretch of time evoked by do , [from which/from what] the expressive effect of emphasizing something really taking place .

In ( 38 ) below one understands that the support of the finite verb carried out his helping at the same time as the support of the infinitive was addressing the letters , whence the meaning of being instrumental in the realization of this action .
in ( 38 ) below one understands that the support of the finite verb carried out his helping at the same time as the support of the infinitive was addressing the letters , [from which/from what] the meaning of being instrumental in the realization of this action .

It has even been suggested that a lobe of liver might be removed , disaggregated , treated with the gene in vitro , and then ‘ re-seeded ’ into the hepatic vessels from whence it will repopulate the regenerating liver .
it has even been suggested that a lobe of liver might be removed , disaggregated , treated with the gene in vitro , and then ‘ re-seeded ’ into the hepatic vessels from [from which/from what] it will repopulate the regenerating liver .

Donaghmore Tower , with a dark entrance halfway up , stood undamaged , pointing silently to the Heavens whence cometh our help .
donaghmore tower , with a dark entrance halfway up , stood undamaged , pointing silently to the heavens [from which/from what] cometh our help .

This is now as internationally popular as holidays on the Greek islands , from whence the recipe hails .
this is now as internationally popular as holidays on the greek islands , from [from which/from what] the recipe hails .

Whence comes it by that vast store of [ ideas ] ?
[from which/from what] comes it by that vast store of [ ideas ] ?

… Whence has it all the materials of … knowledge ?
… [from which/from what] has it all the materials of … knowledge ?

Jane had decreed bowls rather than plates for the curry and spooned it out in the kitchen whence it was ferried by Christopher , Francis and Martine ( Jane 's mind darted back involuntarily to Puchero and gauchos in Argentina ) .
jane had decreed bowls rather than plates for the curry and spooned it out in the kitchen [from which/from what] it was ferried by christopher , francis and martine ( jane 's mind darted back involuntarily to puchero and gauchos in argentina ) .

Whites have retreated to the comfortable suburbs , whence they contribute to a city 's costs but avoid paying its taxes or providing work for its underclass .
whites have retreated to the comfortable suburbs , [from which/from what] they contribute to a city 's costs but avoid paying its taxes or providing work for its underclass .

Such a song probably originated in 18th-century England , perhaps even during the American War of Independence , whence the victors captured it along with ‘ Yankee Doodle ’ .
such a song probably originated in 18th-century england , perhaps even during the american war of independence , [from which/from what] the victors captured it along with ‘ yankee doodle ’ .

Worse , it was carried across the Andes into Peru 's provinces on the upper Amazon , whence it is inexorably moving downstream into Brazil — much richer than Peru , but with even worse social services .
worse , it was carried across the andes into peru 's provinces on the upper amazon , [from which/from what] it is inexorably moving downstream into brazil — much richer than peru , but with even worse social services .

His quarry crouched on a rock at the apex of a slight bend in the track from whence he could see in both directions .
his quarry crouched on a rock at the apex of a slight bend in the track from [from which/from what] he could see in both directions .

’ It is difficult not to notice that the ‘ bundle of sticks ’ is reminiscent of the Roman fasces , the bundle of rods with a protruding axe-head , carried before Roman consuls as a sign of the state authority of Rome , and adopted by Mussolini as a symbol of the movement he led to power in 1922 , whence the word ‘ fascist ’ .
’ it is difficult not to notice that the ‘ bundle of sticks ’ is reminiscent of the roman fasces , the bundle of rods with a protruding axe-head , carried before roman consuls as a sign of the state authority of rome , and adopted by mussolini as a symbol of the movement he led to power in 1922 , [from which/from what] the word ‘ fascist ’ .

November 1876 , reported that on the previous Thursday evening , he had preached in the little church at Turnham Green , to whence he had walked from Isleworth .
november 1876 , reported that on the previous thursday evening , he had preached in the little church at turnham green , to [from which/from what] he had walked from isleworth .

Henry Montgomery , the vicar of St. Mark 's Church , Kennington , when Bernard was born , but two years later he was appointed Bishop of Tasmania , to whence the family moved returning to England some twelve years later , when Bernard was fourteen years of age , and in January 1902 , the family moved into a Victorian house , 19 , Bolton Road , Chiswick , quite close to the River Thames and open sports grounds .
henry montgomery , the vicar of st. mark 's church , kennington , when bernard was born , but two years later he was appointed bishop of tasmania , to [from which/from what] the family moved returning to england some twelve years later , when bernard was fourteen years of age , and in january 1902 , the family moved into a victorian house , 19 , bolton road , chiswick , quite close to the river thames and open sports grounds .

Understandably , no-one had any idea what had happened in Chiswick , but the truth was soon discovered and , on this occasion , there appeared to be no defence , apart from locating the places from whence they were being fired and subject the launch sites to intensive bombing .
understandably , no-one had any idea what had happened in chiswick , but the truth was soon discovered and , on this occasion , there appeared to be no defence , apart from locating the places from [from which/from what] they were being fired and subject the launch sites to intensive bombing .

’ Rap , they feel , may help return jazz from whence it came — to a younger , blacker audience .
’ rap , they feel , may help return jazz from [from which/from what] it came — to a younger , blacker audience .

It was a question that troubled Saint Augustine : ‘ Whence is evil ?
it was a question that troubled saint augustine : ‘ [from which/from what] is evil ?

During the Civil War he was King 's man and was captured by Colonel Briggs , a Parliamentarian , who besieged him on Longholme , Windermere ( Belle Isle ) , whence he was rescued by his brother .
during the civil war he was king 's man and was captured by colonel briggs , a parliamentarian , who besieged him on longholme , windermere ( belle isle ) , [from which/from what] he was rescued by his brother .

for Aubeterre is a hilltown , set on a chalky cliff above the river ( whence the name — Aubeterre , Alba Terra ) .
for aubeterre is a hilltown , set on a chalky cliff above the river ( [from which/from what] the name — aubeterre , alba terra ) .

We might think that ‘ Naxos ’ in Cantos 2 , 24 , and 78 is the place of that name beneath Taormina , the site ( lately and partially excavated ) of the earliest Greek colony in Sicily , and thereafter the port whence the teams from all the Sicilian Greek cities made a ceremonial departure to compete in the Olympic Games ; but the Annotated Index is doubtless right to identify Naxos , on the contrary , with an island in the Aegean .
we might think that ‘ naxos ’ in cantos 2 , 24 , and 78 is the place of that name beneath taormina , the site ( lately and partially excavated ) of the earliest greek colony in sicily , and thereafter the port [from which/from what] the teams from all the sicilian greek cities made a ceremonial departure to compete in the olympic games ; but the annotated index is doubtless right to identify naxos , on the contrary , with an island in the aegean .

Moreover Pound had reached Williams 's conclusion about literary London , and in 1920 left for Paris , whence in 1924 he moved to Rapallo .
moreover pound had reached williams 's conclusion about literary london , and in 1920 left for paris , [from which/from what] in 1924 he moved to rapallo .

By entering the Archbishop 's service you will have the advantage of being nearer Munich , which you can reach in eighteen hours , where we can hear about everything … and whence Herr Weber and his daughter can visit us and even stay with us .
by entering the archbishop 's service you will have the advantage of being nearer munich , which you can reach in eighteen hours , where we can hear about everything … and [from which/from what] herr weber and his daughter can visit us and even stay with us .

‘ Whence comes this change , ungracious , irksome , cold ?
‘ [from which/from what] comes this change , ungracious , irksome , cold ?

‘ Whence the new grandeur that mine eyes behold ?
‘ [from which/from what] the new grandeur that mine eyes behold ?

The marriage also ended with a Te Deum as the Archbishop of Paris conducted the newly-weds to the west door , whence they emerged to a great pealing of bells , salvoes of artillery and fanfares of trumpets .
the marriage also ended with a te deum as the archbishop of paris conducted the newly-weds to the west door , [from which/from what] they emerged to a great pealing of bells , salvoes of artillery and fanfares of trumpets .

It is thought that we , prisoners of the land , are compelled to return to the source whence , eons ago , we first emerged .
it is thought that we , prisoners of the land , are compelled to return to the source [from which/from what] , eons ago , we first emerged .

In pre-European times , surfing was practised from Easter Island to New Guinea , in Micronesia and Melanesia , although it was only in Hawaii and Tahiti , whence the Hawaiians had come , that riders stood up on their boards .
in pre-european times , surfing was practised from easter island to new guinea , in micronesia and melanesia , although it was only in hawaii and tahiti , [from which/from what] the hawaiians had come , that riders stood up on their boards .

Mrs Tilling , who began to find the room oppressive and smelly , left her sock-laden armchair ( from whence , she suspected , most of the aroma emanated ) , and decided to investigate the kitchen .
mrs tilling , who began to find the room oppressive and smelly , left her sock-laden armchair ( from [from which/from what] , she suspected , most of the aroma emanated ) , and decided to investigate the kitchen .

No sensible person will say whence Time has come .
no sensible person will say [from which/from what] time has come .

It originated in the east and southeast parts of the Netherlands along the three rivers : the Meuse , the Rhine and the Ijssel , whence it spread to sandier areas and to Westphalia , Rhineland , Belgium , Luxembourg , etc .
it originated in the east and southeast parts of the netherlands along the three rivers : the meuse , the rhine and the ijssel , [from which/from what] it spread to sandier areas and to westphalia , rhineland , belgium , luxembourg , etc .

The monastery rebuilt the castle keep on Piel Island , whence it exported its own wool in ships built in its own dockyard there .
the monastery rebuilt the castle keep on piel island , [from which/from what] it exported its own wool in ships built in its own dockyard there .

The brass shop was laid out with the rough brass stores on one side , whence the castings passed to the machines , thence to the benches , and from there to the polishers , next to the platers and finally to the lacquerers at the other side of the shop , each operation in turn bringing the parts further across the shop .
the brass shop was laid out with the rough brass stores on one side , [from which/from what] the castings passed to the machines , thence to the benches , and from there to the polishers , next to the platers and finally to the lacquerers at the other side of the shop , each operation in turn bringing the parts further across the shop .

We do not know in detail whence the monks were recruited ; but on the whole they seem mainly to have come from the upper classes , and perhaps from the families of substantial town-dwellers .
we do not know in detail [from which/from what] the monks were recruited ; but on the whole they seem mainly to have come from the upper classes , and perhaps from the families of substantial town-dwellers .

In Third World countries , even or especially those only slightly affected by western economies , almost all active men and their wives and children are engaged in trade ; if we imagine the corn and wool from local sources , the oil and wine from further off , the spices from the Far East and the slaves from heaven-knows-where who filled the fairs and markets of Europe in increasing quantities in the eleventh and twelfth centuries — above all , if we contemplate the great stone buildings and recall the quarries whence came the stone — we can see that there is an immense effort here largely hidden from our eyes .
in third world countries , even or especially those only slightly affected by western economies , almost all active men and their wives and children are engaged in trade ; if we imagine the corn and wool from local sources , the oil and wine from further off , the spices from the far east and the slaves from heaven-knows-where who filled the fairs and markets of europe in increasing quantities in the eleventh and twelfth centuries — above all , if we contemplate the great stone buildings and recall the quarries [from which/from what] came the stone — we can see that there is an immense effort here largely hidden from our eyes .

Yet no-one can say whence this perpetual motion and apparent ‘ self-organizing ’ capability has arisen .
yet no-one can say [from which/from what] this perpetual motion and apparent ‘ self-organizing ’ capability has arisen .

97 Squadron of Lancasters left us at the end of April to return to Coningsby in Lincolnshire , from whence they had come , and with the loss of life drastically cut down , some of the pressure and sadness lifted , to be replaced by pressure of a different kind .
97 squadron of lancasters left us at the end of april to return to coningsby in lincolnshire , from [from which/from what] they had come , and with the loss of life drastically cut down , some of the pressure and sadness lifted , to be replaced by pressure of a different kind .

We have stumbled now into the dark cellars of ecumenism whence multilateral Church conversationalists dare not go .
we have stumbled now into the dark cellars of ecumenism [from which/from what] multilateral church conversationalists dare not go .

For instance , some of the poem 's ideas came from Milton 's Paradise Lost , some came from Bruce 's account of the source and fountains of the Blue Nile in Abyssinia , whence also came the Abyssinian maid playing on her dulcimer .
for instance , some of the poem 's ideas came from milton 's paradise lost , some came from bruce 's account of the source and fountains of the blue nile in abyssinia , [from which/from what] also came the abyssinian maid playing on her dulcimer .

Whence this novelty ?
[from which/from what] this novelty ?

How , in the most fundamental sense : Whence life in the first place ?
how , in the most fundamental sense : [from which/from what] life in the first place ?

Whence life is the stuV of all later questions about whence the forms to sift .
[from which/from what] life is the stuv of all later questions about [from which/from what] the forms to sift .

Whence the gradualism itself ?
[from which/from what] the gradualism itself ?

Restated , assuming that mutation and recombination are , in fact , good search procedures for the kinds of fitness landscapes inhabited by we mere mortals as we were hanging around and adaptively hill climbing for the past four billion years , I ask again : Whence these wonderful fitness landscapes that are so well suited to be climbed by mutation and recombination ?
restated , assuming that mutation and recombination are , in fact , good search procedures for the kinds of fitness landscapes inhabited by we mere mortals as we were hanging around and adaptively hill climbing for the past four billion years , i ask again : [from which/from what] these wonderful fitness landscapes that are so well suited to be climbed by mutation and recombination ?

The cruise port comprises several large jetties , from whence hundreds of passengers disembark on a regular basis .
the cruise port comprises several large jetties , from [from which/from what] hundreds of passengers disembark on a regular basis .

Newfoundland is peopled almost exclusively from the southwest of England and southern Ireland , whence the special music and color of their dialect ( see page 145 ) .
newfoundland is peopled almost exclusively from the southwest of england and southern ireland , [from which/from what] the special music and color of their dialect ( see page 145 ) .

Encouraging Kalima to appear with her on a television program about stem-cell research , Preston urges her to imagine the milestone of “ not just one , but two black women scientists , holding forth among the usual cadre of white males. ” As one of the rare , highly scrutinized , “ minority ” scientists , Kalima embodies a “ double jeopardy. ” She must prove that she is worthy of her position—that she is as good , if not better , than her “ white ” peers—yet she must always be “ remembering from whence she came. ” When Dan , a white colleague in Kalima 's lab who is also her boyfriend , hears that Preston has chosen Kalima to appear with her on television , he jealously accuses her of benefiting from preferential treatment .
encouraging kalima to appear with her on a television program about stem-cell research , preston urges her to imagine the milestone of “ not just one , but two black women scientists , holding forth among the usual cadre of white males. ” as one of the rare , highly scrutinized , “ minority ” scientists , kalima embodies a “ double jeopardy. ” she must prove that she is worthy of her position—that she is as good , if not better , than her “ white ” peers—yet she must always be “ remembering from [from which/from what] she came. ” when dan , a white colleague in kalima 's lab who is also her boyfriend , hears that preston has chosen kalima to appear with her on television , he jealously accuses her of benefiting from preferential treatment .

The young gods swivel , unwind , suspend themselves in air , the orange orb that spins from their fingers as splendid for an instant as the sun , until it drops -- swish ! -- through nets like filigree to the earth from whence it sprung .
the young gods swivel , unwind , suspend themselves in air , the orange orb that spins from their fingers as splendid for an instant as the sun , until it drops -- swish ! -- through nets like filigree to the earth from [from which/from what] it sprung .

Assume he had not ; should he or anyone else be allowed to accumulate substantial wealth or should it be filtered back into the society from whence it came and from whence it might do more public good ?
assume he had not ; should he or anyone else be allowed to accumulate substantial wealth or should it be filtered back into the society from [from which/from what] it came and from [from which/from what] it might do more public good ?

His very favorites earned , as one would expect , a `` 1 , '' whence `` M-C-1 . ''
his very favorites earned , as one would expect , a `` 1 , '' [from which/from what] `` m-c-1 . ''

Early reports blamed Mexico , whence the strawberries came in violation of the U.S. ban on foreign ingredients in school lunches .
early reports blamed mexico , [from which/from what] the strawberries came in violation of the u.s. ban on foreign ingredients in school lunches .

Welfare mothers are being pushed into the work force , whence they will stagger home each night lacking the energy for romantic exploration .
welfare mothers are being pushed into the work force , [from which/from what] they will stagger home each night lacking the energy for romantic exploration .

Culturebox is an avowed fan of the great American huckster tradition , whence Modern Library stems .
culturebox is an avowed fan of the great american huckster tradition , [from which/from what] modern library stems .

It might be useful to ask a good friend , of either gender , from whence your difficulty springs .
it might be useful to ask a good friend , of either gender , from [from which/from what] your difficulty springs .

Whence do they derive those powers ?
[from which/from what] do they derive those powers ?

What is more , humanism and the Reformation set off a fight for the ownership of truth , historical and otherwise -- whence derived authority when the higher Authority had been dethroned ? -- and the footnote became a marker of legitimacy .
what is more , humanism and the reformation set off a fight for the ownership of truth , historical and otherwise -- [from which/from what] derived authority when the higher authority had been dethroned ? -- and the footnote became a marker of legitimacy .

Essentially , he proposes that the parent of all Indo-European languages was itself born in central Anatolia , whence it spread eastward , westward , and northward , being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact , till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable , modern manifestations which we categorize into Germanic , Hellenic , Italic , Indo-Iranian , Anatolian , Armenian , Celtic , Tocharian , Albanian , and BaltoSlavic .
essentially , he proposes that the parent of all indo-european languages was itself born in central anatolia , [from which/from what] it spread eastward , westward , and northward , being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact , till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable , modern manifestations which we categorize into germanic , hellenic , italic , indo-iranian , anatolian , armenian , celtic , tocharian , albanian , and baltoslavic .

In Victorian America , car was quickly applied to railway carriages , whence boxcars and passenger-cars , and also to tramways , first to horsecars and then to electric-cars , otherwise known as trolley cars , or streetcars , or simply cars ( whence carfare ) .
in victorian america , car was quickly applied to railway carriages , [from which/from what] boxcars and passenger-cars , and also to tramways , first to horsecars and then to electric-cars , otherwise known as trolley cars , or streetcars , or simply cars ( [from which/from what] carfare ) .

The cab of taxicab is from cabriolet , a light passenger cart ; and hack is hackney coach , a coach for hire , hackney or hack being a hired horse and by extension anything shoddy and overused , whence hack-word and hackneyed phrases .
the cab of taxicab is from cabriolet , a light passenger cart ; and hack is hackney coach , a coach for hire , hackney or hack being a hired horse and by extension anything shoddy and overused , [from which/from what] hack-word and hackneyed phrases .

The Chinese words kung fu and wok are currently in vogue in the US , whence they are likely to spread to other English-speaking countries .
the chinese words kung fu and wok are currently in vogue in the us , [from which/from what] they are likely to spread to other english-speaking countries .

As long ago as the mid 1960s , the phenomenon was conspicuous enough to inspire the title of a comedy series on BBC radio , I 'm Sorry I 'll Read That Again ( whence the title of the current I 'm Sorry I Have n't a Clue ) -- the catchphrase adopted by radio presenters as part of their retrieval strategy .
as long ago as the mid 1960s , the phenomenon was conspicuous enough to inspire the title of a comedy series on bbc radio , i 'm sorry i 'll read that again ( [from which/from what] the title of the current i 'm sorry i have n't a clue ) -- the catchphrase adopted by radio presenters as part of their retrieval strategy .

Australian pidgin acquired a second negative , borak , used as an alternative to baal or in a figurative sense for humbug , nonsense , or rubbish , from Wathawurung , whence came also an exclamation merrygig well done and coolie , a derogatory term for a person who partnered an Aboriginal woman .
australian pidgin acquired a second negative , borak , used as an alternative to baal or in a figurative sense for humbug , nonsense , or rubbish , from wathawurung , [from which/from what] came also an exclamation merrygig well done and coolie , a derogatory term for a person who partnered an aboriginal woman .

Copper is from ME coper , OE coper/copor , Proto-Germanic * kupar , and is called cuprum in Late Latin ; both Proto-Germanic and Late Latin forms are from Latin Cyprium , the adjective for Cyprus , whence the best copper came in antiquity , which goes back to the Greeks , who called it kupros .
copper is from me coper , oe coper/copor , proto-germanic * kupar , and is called cuprum in late latin ; both proto-germanic and late latin forms are from latin cyprium , the adjective for cyprus , [from which/from what] the best copper came in antiquity , which goes back to the greeks , who called it kupros .

It is worth while trying to guess whence this expression came .
it is worth while trying to guess [from which/from what] this expression came .

This craze became known as décalcomanie , from décalc- ( from décalquer ` transfer a tracing ' + - o - + manie ` mania , ' whence we get decalcomania ( decal for short for the transfers ) , and the adjective cockamamie some say echoes the sense of florid but superficial embellishment .
this craze became known as décalcomanie , from décalc- ( from décalquer ` transfer a tracing ' + - o - + manie ` mania , ' [from which/from what] we get decalcomania ( decal for short for the transfers ) , and the adjective cockamamie some say echoes the sense of florid but superficial embellishment .

More recently , I have seen fishing competitions on television , happy to see that the fish were returned to the waters whence they have been taken .
more recently , i have seen fishing competitions on television , happy to see that the fish were returned to the waters [from which/from what] they have been taken .

It seems silly to separate Gruyère the cheese from Gruyère the place in Switzerland whence it comes— indeed , the latter is not even an entry in the geographical sections of either dictionary .
it seems silly to separate gruyère the cheese from gruyère the place in switzerland [from which/from what] it comes— indeed , the latter is not even an entry in the geographical sections of either dictionary .

Anglo-Saxon provided - kin , as in Will-kin and Tom-kin , whence Wilkins and Tompkins ; and - cock , as in Will-cock , whence Wilcox .
anglo-saxon provided - kin , as in will-kin and tom-kin , [from which/from what] wilkins and tompkins ; and - cock , as in will-cock , [from which/from what] wilcox .

French provided - ot , as in Mary-ot and Philip-ot , whence the surnames Marriott and Philpott ; and -in or -on , which could turn Mary to Marion , Alice to Alison , Dick to Dickon ( whence Dickens ) , and Rob to Robin ( whence Robbins and Robinson ) .
french provided - ot , as in mary-ot and philip-ot , [from which/from what] the surnames marriott and philpott ; and -in or -on , which could turn mary to marion , alice to alison , dick to dickon ( [from which/from what] dickens ) , and rob to robin ( [from which/from what] robbins and robinson ) .

The adjacent Palatine Hill , which was eventually reserved for imperial structures ( whence our words palace and palatial ) , was derived from the name of Pallas , son of Evander , a Greek who according to epic tradition settled on the site of Rome centuries before its “ real ” founding .
the adjacent palatine hill , which was eventually reserved for imperial structures ( [from which/from what] our words palace and palatial ) , was derived from the name of pallas , son of evander , a greek who according to epic tradition settled on the site of rome centuries before its “ real ” founding .

