# "why and wherefore" to why

Wherefore , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' .
[why] , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' .

`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .
`` [why] also he ( god ) drove him ( man ) out of paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because he envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because he pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .

Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' .
[why] i thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' .

Wherefore showed it He ?
[why] showed it he ?

That makes thee stare thus ? Wherefore breaks that sigh
that makes thee stare thus ? [why] breaks that sigh

‘ Why ? ’ he would ask ; and ‘ Wherefore ? ’
‘ why ? ’ he would ask ; and ‘ [why] ? ’

‘ The Tower , you say ? ’ asked Elizabeth Woodville in dismay , fear clutching at her throat . ‘ Wherefore the Tower ? ’
‘ the tower , you say ? ’ asked elizabeth woodville in dismay , fear clutching at her throat . ‘ [why] the tower ? ’

For we are taught both by the words of worthy men of old and by our experience that this is a most certain sign , and it has been found that even if she be urged and exhorted by solemn conjurations to shed tears , if she be a witch she will not be able to weep : although she will assume a tearful aspect and smear her cheeks and eyes with spittle to make it appear that she is weeping ; wherefore she must be closely watched by the attendants .
for we are taught both by the words of worthy men of old and by our experience that this is a most certain sign , and it has been found that even if she be urged and exhorted by solemn conjurations to shed tears , if she be a witch she will not be able to weep : although she will assume a tearful aspect and smear her cheeks and eyes with spittle to make it appear that she is weeping ; [why] she must be closely watched by the attendants .

Timorous answered , that they … had got up that difficult place but , said he , the further we go , the more danger we meet with , wherefore we turned , and are going back again .
timorous answered , that they … had got up that difficult place but , said he , the further we go , the more danger we meet with , [why] we turned , and are going back again .

Or it might suggest that the religious symbols , by which men and women have conferred meaning on their lives , meet such pressing psychological needs that they remain impervious to scientific frames of meaning , which , in the last analysis , only dictate how things are and how they came to be so , without pretending to answer the why and the wherefore .
or it might suggest that the religious symbols , by which men and women have conferred meaning on their lives , meet such pressing psychological needs that they remain impervious to scientific frames of meaning , which , in the last analysis , only dictate how things are and how they came to be so , without pretending to answer the why and the [why] .

It has explained the why and the wherefore of life .
it has explained the why and the [why] of life .

We can worry , we can talk , discuss the meaning of life , the why and the wherefore , but for what use ; can we come to any final conclusion ? Surely we can not ; we must accept what we have as data and work to make the best of what we have , our environment and our circumstances .
we can worry , we can talk , discuss the meaning of life , the why and the [why] , but for what use ; can we come to any final conclusion ? surely we can not ; we must accept what we have as data and work to make the best of what we have , our environment and our circumstances .

Simon Peter is quoted as issuing a warning against any authority other than the Nazarean hierarchy : ‘ Wherefore observe the greatest caution , that you believe no teacher , unless he brings from Jerusalem the testimonial of James , the Lord 's brother … ’
simon peter is quoted as issuing a warning against any authority other than the nazarean hierarchy : ‘ [why] observe the greatest caution , that you believe no teacher , unless he brings from jerusalem the testimonial of james , the lord 's brother … ’

‘ Well said . And wherefore art we headed ? ’
‘ well said . and [why] art we headed ? ’

List generally approved after explanations of why and wherefore .
list generally approved after explanations of why and [why] .

Wherefore your petitioners pray that your honourable House carry out an immediate review of the Beer supply orders and give proper compensation for licensees forced out of their pubs .
[why] your petitioners pray that your honourable house carry out an immediate review of the beer supply orders and give proper compensation for licensees forced out of their pubs .

Wherefore your petitioners pray that your honourable House halt the contracting out of the maintenance of the Royal Parks .
[why] your petitioners pray that your honourable house halt the contracting out of the maintenance of the royal parks .

Wherefore your Petitioners pray that your Honourable House do not proceed with these unjust proposals .
[why] your petitioners pray that your honourable house do not proceed with these unjust proposals .

Wherefore your Petitioners pray that your Honourable House will take every step to persuade the European Community not to introduce regulations that will ever allow such trade to be introduced .
[why] your petitioners pray that your honourable house will take every step to persuade the european community not to introduce regulations that will ever allow such trade to be introduced .

Wherefore your Petitioners pray that your honourable House will restore the link between pension calculations and average earning increases , as a first step in bringing state pensions into line with the best in Europe .
[why] your petitioners pray that your honourable house will restore the link between pension calculations and average earning increases , as a first step in bringing state pensions into line with the best in europe .

All the world knows that the Mohammedans , following the example of their master , Mohammed , are very licentious ; wherefore the men among them do not content themselves with a few wives , but seek every method of gratifying themselves in this particular .
all the world knows that the mohammedans , following the example of their master , mohammed , are very licentious ; [why] the men among them do not content themselves with a few wives , but seek every method of gratifying themselves in this particular .

In assumpsit in the Common Bench , it was alleged that Brathwait , having killed a man , asked the plaintiff to use his endeavours to obtain him a pardon , wherefore the plaintiff did go to Royston to the King to get the pardon and , in consideration of this service , the defendant promised the plaintiff £100 .
in assumpsit in the common bench , it was alleged that brathwait , having killed a man , asked the plaintiff to use his endeavours to obtain him a pardon , [why] the plaintiff did go to royston to the king to get the pardon and , in consideration of this service , the defendant promised the plaintiff £100 .

You foolish shepherd , wherefore do you follow her
you foolish shepherd , [why] do you follow her

The name of emperor had ceased among the Greeks ( of Constantinople ) for they were enduring the reign of a woman , wherefore it seemed good both to Leo the apostolic Pope , and to the holy fathers in council with him , and to all Christian men , that they should hail Charles king of the Franks as emperor .
the name of emperor had ceased among the greeks ( of constantinople ) for they were enduring the reign of a woman , [why] it seemed good both to leo the apostolic pope , and to the holy fathers in council with him , and to all christian men , that they should hail charles king of the franks as emperor .

Wherefore as God had granted him all those dominions , it seemed just to them that he should accept the imperial title also , when it was offered to him by the consent of all Christendom .
[why] as god had granted him all those dominions , it seemed just to them that he should accept the imperial title also , when it was offered to him by the consent of all christendom .

And all the Joys of Freedom ; wherefore are we
and all the joys of freedom ; [why] are we

And when the King thought it a fit season , he spake to him and said , that Doña Ximena Gomez , the daughter of the Count whom he had slain , had come to ask him for her husband , and would forgive him her father 's death ; wherefore he besought him to think it good to take her to be his wife , in which case he would show him great favour .
and when the king thought it a fit season , he spake to him and said , that doña ximena gomez , the daughter of the count whom he had slain , had come to ask him for her husband , and would forgive him her father 's death ; [why] he besought him to think it good to take her to be his wife , in which case he would show him great favour .

In his book Rest Days Hutton Webster has drawn attention to the passage in 2 Kings 4 : 23 , describing how , when the Shunammite woman wanted to go to the prophet Elijah to beg him for her son 's life to be restored , her husband objected , saying ‘ Wherefore wilt thou go to him today ?
in his book rest days hutton webster has drawn attention to the passage in 2 kings 4 : 23 , describing how , when the shunammite woman wanted to go to the prophet elijah to beg him for her son 's life to be restored , her husband objected , saying ‘ [why] wilt thou go to him today ?

These words are archaisms , obsolete words that are used for special effect or other reasons , as in popular quotations , like wherefore in “ Wherefore art thou , Romeo ? , ” known to every schoolchild ( and misunderstood by many , who think it means ` where , ' while it really means ` why ' : it is retained in what for , dialectal whuffo ' ) .
these words are archaisms , obsolete words that are used for special effect or other reasons , as in popular quotations , like [why] in “ [why] art thou , romeo ? , ” known to every schoolchild ( and misunderstood by many , who think it means ` where , ' while it really means ` why ' : it is retained in what for , dialectal whuffo ' ) .

The King James Bible , which contains many such archaisms , has preserved them for modern English ; wherefore more commonly appears in the tautology whys and wherefores .
the king james bible , which contains many such archaisms , has preserved them for modern english ; [why] more commonly appears in the tautology whys and wherefores .

