In his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24 , 1597/8 , Sturley asked Quiney especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi Sir Ed. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged , and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie .
in his letter mentioning shakespeare on january 24 , 1597/8 , sturley asked quiney especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi sir ed. grev. some meanes made to the knightes of the parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies [with which] our towne is like to be charged , and i assure u i am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie .

And King Bucar and his people thought that the Cid dared not come out against them , and they were the more encouraged , and began to think of making bastilles and engines wherewith to combat the city , for certes they weened that the Cid Ruydiez dared not come out against them , seeing that he tarried so long .
and king bucar and his people thought that the cid dared not come out against them , and they were the more encouraged , and began to think of making bastilles and engines [with which] to combat the city , for certes they weened that the cid ruydiez dared not come out against them , seeing that he tarried so long .

What we want is something wherewith to prod the teachers so that they impart more facts more efficiently .
what we want is something [with which] to prod the teachers so that they impart more facts more efficiently .

There was Lodowyck 's universal language , for instance , in which a sign for a radical ( eg primitive verb , to light ) was set on a musical stave , with signs for augmentation leg that wherewith the thing is acted ) set adjacent to it .
there was lodowyck 's universal language , for instance , in which a sign for a radical ( eg primitive verb , to light ) was set on a musical stave , with signs for augmentation leg that [with which] the thing is acted ) set adjacent to it .

