In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
in testimony [of what/of which] , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 21st day of april , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony [of what/of which] , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 17th day of may , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
in testimony [of what/of which] , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 20th day of april , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 11th day of June , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony [of what/of which] , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 11th day of june , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony [of what/of which] , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 5th day of july , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony [of what/of which] , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 23d day of october , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
in testimony [of what/of which] , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 21st day of november , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .

In witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present Agreement .
in witness [of what/of which] , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present agreement .

In witness whereof the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date set forth above .
in witness [of what/of which] the parties hereto have executed this agreement on the date set forth above .

In witness whereof the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198
in witness [of what/of which] the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198

In witness whereof the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198
in witness [of what/of which] the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198

In witness whereof the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198
in witness [of what/of which] the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198

In witness whereof the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198
in witness [of what/of which] the parties have placed their signatures on the day of 198

The ultimate source is Sir John Hawkins , who remarks , in what appears to be a personal recollection , that Handel had ‘ a favourite Rucker harpsichord , the keys whereof , by incessant practise , were hollowed like the bowl of a spoon ’ In justice to Hawkins it must be stated that he does have a reputation for being , for his time , a careful scholar , so it is unfortunate that this brief , almost casual remark , should have been embellished with a little fanciful romancing that appears to be added only to enliven his text with some colourful anecdote .
the ultimate source is sir john hawkins , who remarks , in what appears to be a personal recollection , that handel had ‘ a favourite rucker harpsichord , the keys [of what/of which] , by incessant practise , were hollowed like the bowl of a spoon ’ in justice to hawkins it must be stated that he does have a reputation for being , for his time , a careful scholar , so it is unfortunate that this brief , almost casual remark , should have been embellished with a little fanciful romancing that appears to be added only to enliven his text with some colourful anecdote .

The sophistication of this turn is indicated in its formal lexicon and its syntactic and semantic complexities ( both visible when he reverses Wittgenstein 's famous statement to produce his own aphorism , `` Whereof we can not speak , thereof we are by no means silent `` ) but he uses this complexity deliberately to obfuscate the sense of his utterance and to enable a swift escape to the World Cup qualifier .
the sophistication of this turn is indicated in its formal lexicon and its syntactic and semantic complexities ( both visible when he reverses wittgenstein 's famous statement to produce his own aphorism , `` [of what/of which] we can not speak , thereof we are by no means silent `` ) but he uses this complexity deliberately to obfuscate the sense of his utterance and to enable a swift escape to the world cup qualifier .

The attempt to keep out evil doctrine by licensing is like the exploit of that gallant man who thought to keep out the crows by shutting his park gate … Lord and Commons of England , consider what nation it is whereof ye are : a nation not slow and dull , but of a quick , ingenious and piercing spirit .
the attempt to keep out evil doctrine by licensing is like the exploit of that gallant man who thought to keep out the crows by shutting his park gate … lord and commons of england , consider what nation it is [of what/of which] ye are : a nation not slow and dull , but of a quick , ingenious and piercing spirit .

That the Corporation do maintain a good and efficient School , whereof a Free School , at which not less than 30 boys are to be educated , shall form apart .
that the corporation do maintain a good and efficient school , [of what/of which] a free school , at which not less than 30 boys are to be educated , shall form apart .

Rather does he venture to ask that it should be considered as the conclusion of an imaginative tragedy ( if he may so call it ) whereof one half has been already published .
rather does he venture to ask that it should be considered as the conclusion of an imaginative tragedy ( if he may so call it ) [of what/of which] one half has been already published .

Within the territory of England proper , the only surviving separate language was Cornish , and it is significant that this linguistic divergence was itself an issue during political troubles in the mid sixteenth century : one plea which the Cornish rebels made in 1549 in favour of the traditional liturgy was that ‘ we the Cornyshe men ( whereof certen of us understande no Englysh ) utterly refuse thys newe Englysh ’ ( 73 , p. 135 ) .
within the territory of england proper , the only surviving separate language was cornish , and it is significant that this linguistic divergence was itself an issue during political troubles in the mid sixteenth century : one plea which the cornish rebels made in 1549 in favour of the traditional liturgy was that ‘ we the cornyshe men ( [of what/of which] certen of us understande no englysh ) utterly refuse thys newe englysh ’ ( 73 , p. 135 ) .

‘ The Lord will smite thee with the botch of Egypt , and with the emerods , and with the scab , and with the itch , whereof thou canst not be healed . ’
‘ the lord will smite thee with the botch of egypt , and with the emerods , and with the scab , and with the itch , [of what/of which] thou canst not be healed . ’

Now this agreement witnesseth that in consideration of the said John Weston Foakes paying to the said Julia Beer on the signing of this agreement the sum of £500 , the receipt whereof she doth hereby acknowledge in part satisfaction of the said judgment debt of £2,090 19s .
now this agreement witnesseth that in consideration of the said john weston foakes paying to the said julia beer on the signing of this agreement the sum of £500 , the receipt [of what/of which] she doth hereby acknowledge in part satisfaction of the said judgment debt of £2,090 19s .

Mastin in his ‘ History of the Rebellion ’ , reports ‘ The enemy left no manner of cruelty unexercised that day ; and in the pursuit killed about 100 women , whereof some were the wives of officers of quality ’ .
mastin in his ‘ history of the rebellion ’ , reports ‘ the enemy left no manner of cruelty unexercised that day ; and in the pursuit killed about 100 women , [of what/of which] some were the wives of officers of quality ’ .

som with paynted faces , som with Visors and otherwise disgised … have hunted … in divers places of this Realme … by color whereof have ensued in tymes past grete and heynous Rebellions , insurreccons , Rioutts , Robberies , murdres and other inconveniencies .
som with paynted faces , som with visors and otherwise disgised … have hunted … in divers places of this realme … by color [of what/of which] have ensued in tymes past grete and heynous rebellions , insurreccons , rioutts , robberies , murdres and other inconveniencies .

He knows whereof he speaks .
he knows [of what/of which] he speaks .

The old law kills , but God gives the new law for the conditions whereof should be more easy to the sinner .
the old law kills , but god gives the new law for the conditions [of what/of which] should be more easy to the sinner .

Although he might perhaps have done better to observe Wittgenstein 's adage , ‘ Whereof one can not speak , thereon one must be silent ’ , one can not help regretting that he has not tried to be less vague about the nature of personal growth .
although he might perhaps have done better to observe wittgenstein 's adage , ‘ [of what/of which] one can not speak , thereon one must be silent ’ , one can not help regretting that he has not tried to be less vague about the nature of personal growth .

He spent his whole life working as a vaquero and he states , “ I speak as a vaquero—and I know whereof I speak ” ( Rojas , 1979 , 119 ) .
he spent his whole life working as a vaquero and he states , “ i speak as a vaquero—and i know [of what/of which] i speak ” ( rojas , 1979 , 119 ) .

Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the United States .
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime [of what/of which] the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the united states .

Little cause for carolings Of such ecstatic soundWas written on terrestrial things Afar or nigh around , That I could think there trembled through His happy good-night airSome blessed Hope , whereof he knew And I was unaware .
little cause for carolings of such ecstatic soundwas written on terrestrial things afar or nigh around , that i could think there trembled through his happy good-night airsome blessed hope , [of what/of which] he knew and i was unaware .

