He served 38 days of a 3 month sentence for driving whilst disqualified .
he served 38 days of a 3 month sentence for driving [while] disqualified .

This retailer has now taken it off the shelves whilst Gloucestershire 's Trading Standards Department investigates .
this retailer has now taken it off the shelves [while] gloucestershire 's trading standards department investigates .

Dozens of of Gay Rights campaigners have been arrested for marching too close to the Houses of Parliament whilst it was in session .
dozens of of gay rights campaigners have been arrested for marching too close to the houses of parliament [while] it was in session .

Shaun Gooch entered a plea of not guilty at Gloucester Crown Court to causing death by reckless driving , and also not guilty to driving whilst disqualified .
shaun gooch entered a plea of not guilty at gloucester crown court to causing death by reckless driving , and also not guilty to driving [while] disqualified .

Whilst police have been investigating the savage crime … surgeons have been opearting on the savage injuries .
[while] police have been investigating the savage crime … surgeons have been opearting on the savage injuries .

In the second half ; whilst the forwards tangled with each other here on the left , they missed Gloucester 's Peter Glanville drive over for another score .
in the second half ; [while] the forwards tangled with each other here on the left , they missed gloucester 's peter glanville drive over for another score .

The Godfrey 's house has been sealed off , whilst forensic investigations continue .
the godfrey 's house has been sealed off , [while] forensic investigations continue .

He 's worried that it could lead to another tragic case like that of council worker Anna McGurk , who was raped and murdered by Andrew Hagans whilst he was on bail on another rape charge .
he 's worried that it could lead to another tragic case like that of council worker anna mcgurk , who was raped and murdered by andrew hagans [while] he was on bail on another rape charge .

He sat quietly during the 20 minute hearing , whilst his solicitor made an application for bail .
he sat quietly during the 20 minute hearing , [while] his solicitor made an application for bail .

Whilst it might be plain sailing for motorists , the residents say unless action is taken , there 's no end in sight to their misery .
[while] it might be plain sailing for motorists , the residents say unless action is taken , there 's no end in sight to their misery .

One has been bailed whilst tests into the drugs are carried out .
one has been bailed [while] tests into the drugs are carried out .

Whilst he 's no stranger to discrimination himself , he says the club is entitled to run the event in its own way .
[while] he 's no stranger to discrimination himself , he says the club is entitled to run the event in its own way .

But whilst they lost the League cup final at the weekend … they won plenty of friends with their sporting play .
but [while] they lost the league cup final at the weekend … they won plenty of friends with their sporting play .

As fashions change , so at one end of the depot we are selling stores whilst at the other end we are replacing them .
as fashions change , so at one end of the depot we are selling stores [while] at the other end we are replacing them .

The report reveals that more than a third of all regular smokers will be killed by their habit and whilst men are giving up more women are smoking .
the report reveals that more than a third of all regular smokers will be killed by their habit and [while] men are giving up more women are smoking .

Whilst all eyes are on Wimbledon , Britain looks again for it 's next great hope .
[while] all eyes are on wimbledon , britain looks again for it 's next great hope .

She says that there are many rare species and whilst the damage on the sea surface is very visible , e.g. dead birds , it wo n't be so visible down below , where the real damage will be done .
she says that there are many rare species and [while] the damage on the sea surface is very visible , e.g. dead birds , it wo n't be so visible down below , where the real damage will be done .

The Home Secretary , Kenneth Baker , has announced new measures to crackdown on people who commit crimes whilst on bail .
the home secretary , kenneth baker , has announced new measures to crackdown on people who commit crimes [while] on bail .

In the meantime he 'll have to take a back seat whilst his team-mates bid for World Cup glory .
in the meantime he 'll have to take a back seat [while] his team-mates bid for world cup glory .

Meanwhile those who should know say our manners are n't as bad as we fear … we worry too much about which knife to use , whilst being irritating in other ways .
meanwhile those who should know say our manners are n't as bad as we fear … we worry too much about which knife to use , [while] being irritating in other ways .

And whilst the advice was aimed at women , the few men who attended found there was plenty on offer for them .
and [while] the advice was aimed at women , the few men who attended found there was plenty on offer for them .

After the break , Abingdon continued to force Horsham back , although now the pitch was beginning to make an impression on some tired legs ; there were mistakes from both sides and also some heavy tackles which resulted in long delays whilst players received attention .
after the break , abingdon continued to force horsham back , although now the pitch was beginning to make an impression on some tired legs ; there were mistakes from both sides and also some heavy tackles which resulted in long delays [while] players received attention .

whilst they 've taken the
[while] they 've taken the

So if this is the sun here the earth here the moon goes round the earth whilst the earth is going round the sun .
so if this is the sun here the earth here the moon goes round the earth [while] the earth is going round the sun .

how many times does the moon go round the earth whilst the earth is going round the sun ?
how many times does the moon go round the earth [while] the earth is going round the sun ?

And they 'll be able to experience what you say to each other whilst you 're having lessons in England .
and they 'll be able to experience what you say to each other [while] you 're having lessons in england .

For those of you who do n't realize about five minutes , but yeah , basically nobody 's punished at all . And whilst in a Shakespeare play well , let me just give the , give the ex erm example that if this was a Shakespeare play for example , and you , you had all these characters in disguise conning other people and whatever , by the end of the play everybody would be out of their disguises and marrying each other and all the bad people would have been consigned , you know , to stage off
for those of you who do n't realize about five minutes , but yeah , basically nobody 's punished at all . and [while] in a shakespeare play well , let me just give the , give the ex erm example that if this was a shakespeare play for example , and you , you had all these characters in disguise conning other people and whatever , by the end of the play everybody would be out of their disguises and marrying each other and all the bad people would have been consigned , you know , to stage off

What is a humby An erection on public transport , an irritating noise whilst driving a car or humming up the vagina ?
what is a humby an erection on public transport , an irritating noise [while] driving a car or humming up the vagina ?

But uhum , it sticks , whilst the other one just curls straight back up at the edges did n't it .
but uhum , it sticks , [while] the other one just curls straight back up at the edges did n't it .

What 'd do they do ? Do they keep the doggie under sedation whilst he 's healing up ? How long has he been there ?
what 'd do they do ? do they keep the doggie under sedation [while] he 's healing up ? how long has he been there ?

They 'd just , they 'd just run over him absolutely , whilst he was grinning . One ca n't see him in an ambassadorial role at all can one ?
they 'd just , they 'd just run over him absolutely , [while] he was grinning . one ca n't see him in an ambassadorial role at all can one ?

Ms Lamont said : ‘ Women have been instrumental in the recent modernising processes of the party and , whilst Labour now has a programme to improve women 's lives significantly , there is no doubt we still require to have women representing the party at all levels .
ms lamont said : ‘ women have been instrumental in the recent modernising processes of the party and , [while] labour now has a programme to improve women 's lives significantly , there is no doubt we still require to have women representing the party at all levels .

Flour has already risen by 15 per cent since then whilst animal feed has already risen by a similar amount and is expected to increase further .
flour has already risen by 15 per cent since then [while] animal feed has already risen by a similar amount and is expected to increase further .

‘ Whilst tragic in any circumstances , property repossessions were at a very low level , representing only 0.25 per cent of mortgages outstanding , and at the year end not one mortgage was 12 months or more in arrear .
‘ [while] tragic in any circumstances , property repossessions were at a very low level , representing only 0.25 per cent of mortgages outstanding , and at the year end not one mortgage was 12 months or more in arrear .

Whilst a new bus cost about £82,000 , a second hand one was a fraction of the price at £14,000 .
[while] a new bus cost about £82,000 , a second hand one was a fraction of the price at £14,000 .

If a change decreases the path length it is always accepted , whilst changes which increase the path length are only accepted with a probability depending in the current annealing temperature and the magnitude of the change .
if a change decreases the path length it is always accepted , [while] changes which increase the path length are only accepted with a probability depending in the current annealing temperature and the magnitude of the change .

Every climax was given its full space whilst avoiding the all too easy pitfall of self-indulgence .
every climax was given its full space [while] avoiding the all too easy pitfall of self-indulgence .

Whilst the man and one of the women stayed talking to the householder , the other woman , holding the child , was directed to the toilet .
[while] the man and one of the women stayed talking to the householder , the other woman , holding the child , was directed to the toilet .

White is represented by ‘ Snow Storm ’ whilst ‘ Apple Blossom ’ is white suffused with pink .
white is represented by ‘ snow storm ’ [while] ‘ apple blossom ’ is white suffused with pink .

Red is found in the varieties ‘ King George ’ and ‘ Schoenholtzeri ’ whilst ‘ Southgate Gem ’ is red with a white throat .
red is found in the varieties ‘ king george ’ and ‘ schoenholtzeri ’ [while] ‘ southgate gem ’ is red with a white throat .

We had good weather whilst we were with Richard , and he kept us well entertained both with walks , and with visits to the local museums , of which there are a good many , mostly very interesting , especially a complete mining village with a working ‘ cage ’ driven by an enormous steam engine .
we had good weather [while] we were with richard , and he kept us well entertained both with walks , and with visits to the local museums , of which there are a good many , mostly very interesting , especially a complete mining village with a working ‘ cage ’ driven by an enormous steam engine .

Aldercine 's Active Retirement Club at Luton Regional Sports Centre now number over a hundred on the register — almost half are men ! Whilst ladies bounce Medau balls , gentlemen engage in more vigorous work-outs in the multi-gym .
aldercine 's active retirement club at luton regional sports centre now number over a hundred on the register — almost half are men ! [while] ladies bounce medau balls , gentlemen engage in more vigorous work-outs in the multi-gym .

He shows the reader that whilst this community is progressing chronologically , it is far from progressive in other ways .
he shows the reader that [while] this community is progressing chronologically , it is far from progressive in other ways .

Whilst gaining the confidence to know their own worth and express themselves freely , they should also learn to respect the opinions and beliefs of others .
[while] gaining the confidence to know their own worth and express themselves freely , they should also learn to respect the opinions and beliefs of others .

His health then decreased rapidly and whilst writing ‘ The Mystery of Edwin Drood ’ , which was never completed , he collapsed and died in his own home in Kent in 1870 .
his health then decreased rapidly and [while] writing ‘ the mystery of edwin drood ’ , which was never completed , he collapsed and died in his own home in kent in 1870 .

It is , however , a way of providing children with a fun day out whilst incorporating learning of the world and its inhabitants .
it is , however , a way of providing children with a fun day out [while] incorporating learning of the world and its inhabitants .

Medium-sized funds may have a small proportion invested in managed funds , with the majority of assets in its direct control , large pension funds are likely to have totally direct control , whilst smaller funds may simply invest in a range of managed policies .
medium-sized funds may have a small proportion invested in managed funds , with the majority of assets in its direct control , large pension funds are likely to have totally direct control , [while] smaller funds may simply invest in a range of managed policies .

During early 1990 $ 297m worth of securities were stolen from a City messenger and whilst a general alert went out should any unusual presentations for payment be made at maturity to minimise the risk of loss , it is nevertheless true that this kind of occurrence causes a certain difficulty due to the fact that invariably the instruments in question are bearer instruments .
during early 1990 $ 297m worth of securities were stolen from a city messenger and [while] a general alert went out should any unusual presentations for payment be made at maturity to minimise the risk of loss , it is nevertheless true that this kind of occurrence causes a certain difficulty due to the fact that invariably the instruments in question are bearer instruments .

Core holdings in large blue-chip companies that are infrequently traded provide them with a solid investor base and reduces share price volatility , whilst active trading and analysis of smaller company shares adds to the liquidity and marketability of these securities , and ensures accurate pricing .
core holdings in large blue-chip companies that are infrequently traded provide them with a solid investor base and reduces share price volatility , [while] active trading and analysis of smaller company shares adds to the liquidity and marketability of these securities , and ensures accurate pricing .

The Company Securities ( Insider Dealing ) Act 1985 re-enacts the earlier legislation and specifically defines insider dealing which is when an individual knowingly transacts in a security whilst in possession of unpublished price sensitive information relating to that security .
the company securities ( insider dealing ) act 1985 re-enacts the earlier legislation and specifically defines insider dealing which is when an individual knowingly transacts in a security [while] in possession of unpublished price sensitive information relating to that security .

The risks of a fall in profitability are covered by base capital ( 25 per cent of a firm 's annual costs ) , whilst position capital is held to protect against large falls in share prices in those shares held .
the risks of a fall in profitability are covered by base capital ( 25 per cent of a firm 's annual costs ) , [while] position capital is held to protect against large falls in share prices in those shares held .

The former relates to the interests of the consumer and producer , whilst the latter relates to the interest of the system as a whole — systemic interest .
the former relates to the interests of the consumer and producer , [while] the latter relates to the interest of the system as a whole — systemic interest .

Structural regulations have generally been relaxed in order to allow greater competition for financial services , whilst prudential and investor protection regulations have tended to be tightened up and formalised .
structural regulations have generally been relaxed in order to allow greater competition for financial services , [while] prudential and investor protection regulations have tended to be tightened up and formalised .

And whilst she bought the the first one last week , Yvette , did the rest .
and [while] she bought the the first one last week , yvette , did the rest .

Steve Rowe ( 42 ) , hit top score of the match for Wirral whilst Graham Rule took 4–34 .
steve rowe ( 42 ) , hit top score of the match for wirral [while] graham rule took 4–34 .

At his trial it was revealed he had previously been involved in an incident whilst working as a door supervisor when another person died .
at his trial it was revealed he had previously been involved in an incident [while] working as a door supervisor when another person died .

Mulraney , 20 , of Lambton Road , Middlesbrough , admitted two charges each of reckless driving , driving a vehicle knowing it was taken without consent , driving whilst disqualified and having no insurance .
mulraney , 20 , of lambton road , middlesbrough , admitted two charges each of reckless driving , driving a vehicle knowing it was taken without consent , driving [while] disqualified and having no insurance .

Paul Raynor , Conservative candidate for Middlesbrough , said South Tees acute hospitals were providing 30pc more treatments than ten years ago , whilst waiting lists had fallen from over 6,000 to approximately 4,000 in the same period .
paul raynor , conservative candidate for middlesbrough , said south tees acute hospitals were providing 30pc more treatments than ten years ago , [while] waiting lists had fallen from over 6,000 to approximately 4,000 in the same period .

But Mr Burke said whilst labour was being induced Mrs Busuttil was given a drug to hasten the process .
but mr burke said [while] labour was being induced mrs busuttil was given a drug to hasten the process .

The 68-year-old Merseysideborn councillor arrived in Teesside in 1947 and met his Middlesbrough-born wife , Lillian , whilst serving in the Royal Navy .
the 68-year-old merseysideborn councillor arrived in teesside in 1947 and met his middlesbrough-born wife , lillian , [while] serving in the royal navy .

Whilst drinking habits and drinking houses have changed , the beer making process has n't .
[while] drinking habits and drinking houses have changed , the beer making process has n't .

The next is bright eyed and bushy tailed , whilst Tara is still rather wobbly .
the next is bright eyed and bushy tailed , [while] tara is still rather wobbly .

‘ Whilst we did lose volume slightly at the start of the year , we have outperformed our competitors during the vital summer peak period , ’ a Sealink spokesman said .
‘ [while] we did lose volume slightly at the start of the year , we have outperformed our competitors during the vital summer peak period , ’ a sealink spokesman said .

Whilst William was distracted , a second man searched the house and stole hundreds of pounds in two rolls of bank notes — his life savings .
[while] william was distracted , a second man searched the house and stole hundreds of pounds in two rolls of bank notes — his life savings .

However an extra three month sentence of driving whilst disqualified was changed .
however an extra three month sentence of driving [while] disqualified was changed .

He 'd been staying at a bail hostel in Gloucester whilst waiting for the case to come to court .
he 'd been staying at a bail hostel in gloucester [while] waiting for the case to come to court .

Now the Government is taking action to stop offenders committing crimes whilst on bail .
now the government is taking action to stop offenders committing crimes [while] on bail .

And whilst he lost in two sets 7-5 , 7-6 he only dropped one service game .
and [while] he lost in two sets 7-5 , 7-6 he only dropped one service game .

The Home Secretary has unveiled plans to crackdown on people who commit crime whilst on bail .
the home secretary has unveiled plans to crackdown on people who commit crime [while] on bail .

Whilst many companies did not increase their dividends through the recession — indeed , quite a few cut their dividends — the overall dividend income from equities did not fall by an appreciable amount .
[while] many companies did not increase their dividends through the recession — indeed , quite a few cut their dividends — the overall dividend income from equities did not fall by an appreciable amount .

Both players played indifferent shots to green at the 18th , Wilson ended up 35 feet short of pin whilst McCarroll was on the apron of green at the back .
both players played indifferent shots to green at the 18th , wilson ended up 35 feet short of pin [while] mccarroll was on the apron of green at the back .

It seems that whilst we all want to be able to travel around quickly , conveniently and in comfort , the price for many may be too high .
it seems that [while] we all want to be able to travel around quickly , conveniently and in comfort , the price for many may be too high .

Whilst the rest of us were copying down the maths work .
[while] the rest of us were copying down the maths work .

But actually to press for an out of court settlement which will mean we have to stop other services or stop er building schemes , seems to me wrong whilst we are being advised that we have a strong defence .
but actually to press for an out of court settlement which will mean we have to stop other services or stop er building schemes , seems to me wrong [while] we are being advised that we have a strong defence .

That is the training they do whilst they are basically on the job .
that is the training they do [while] they are basically on the job .

That 's to be decided . But erm on the other hand we do actually have empty spaces in our old people 's homes , so whilst you will have people who may have to move a bit , we 're not actually reducing the number of occupied beds in the whole old person 's home sector
that 's to be decided . but erm on the other hand we do actually have empty spaces in our old people 's homes , so [while] you will have people who may have to move a bit , we 're not actually reducing the number of occupied beds in the whole old person 's home sector

The biggest difference in contrast on my equalization argument is between the City and between the Vale , and so whilst again it might be controversial , there is a logic , with our backs to the wall admittedly , of saying right well we 'll close this home in order to protect money that we 've got lined up to come on stream next year .
the biggest difference in contrast on my equalization argument is between the city and between the vale , and so [while] again it might be controversial , there is a logic , with our backs to the wall admittedly , of saying right well we 'll close this home in order to protect money that we 've got lined up to come on stream next year .

We have n't got and English string style , whilst there is a specific German string style or a specific Belgian , a specific Russian , a specific French — we have n't got that and we have n't got the richness and fullness of the string sound of the Continental orchestras on the whole .
we have n't got and english string style , [while] there is a specific german string style or a specific belgian , a specific russian , a specific french — we have n't got that and we have n't got the richness and fullness of the string sound of the continental orchestras on the whole .

Rachma'an or ‘ Mercy Camp ’ as it is in English has been established by church organisations and Save the Children to provide more comfortable conditions whilst these people wait for repatriation .
rachma'an or ‘ mercy camp ’ as it is in english has been established by church organisations and save the children to provide more comfortable conditions [while] these people wait for repatriation .

Cranston leered at the girl whilst he considered the incongruous couple .
cranston leered at the girl [while] he considered the incongruous couple .

Cranston nodded and lumbered off whilst Athelstan packed his writing tray away .
cranston nodded and lumbered off [while] athelstan packed his writing tray away .

Sir Ralph 's death note bore the impression of a three-masted ship , the type often used in the Middle Sea , whilst the seed cake is the mark of the Assassins .
sir ralph 's death note bore the impression of a three-masted ship , the type often used in the middle sea , [while] the seed cake is the mark of the assassins .

Cranston stood up and linked his arm through Athelstan 's as they went out to stand at the door whilst the ostler saddled their horses . ‘ Tell me , Brother , when you ran away from your order as a novice and took your younger brother to the wars in France , were you happy ? ’
cranston stood up and linked his arm through athelstan 's as they went out to stand at the door [while] the ostler saddled their horses . ‘ tell me , brother , when you ran away from your order as a novice and took your younger brother to the wars in france , were you happy ? ’

The friar was well respected whilst Cranston was more feared than the Chief Justice himself .
the friar was well respected [while] cranston was more feared than the chief justice himself .

Whilst Benedicta described Ursula and her malevolent sow , Athelstan felt tempted to talk to Vincentius about the desecration of the cemetery but concluded it was not a topic suitable for the table .
[while] benedicta described ursula and her malevolent sow , athelstan felt tempted to talk to vincentius about the desecration of the cemetery but concluded it was not a topic suitable for the table .

He noticed the colour high in her cheeks whilst her eyes danced with pleasure .
he noticed the colour high in her cheeks [while] her eyes danced with pleasure .

Two weeks ago Simon had raped a girl whilst carousing in Old Fish Street then compounded his crime by brutally beating her .
two weeks ago simon had raped a girl [while] carousing in old fish street then compounded his crime by brutally beating her .

Athelstan glowered back in mock anger whilst she turned and skipped like a young girl into the church .
athelstan glowered back in mock anger [while] she turned and skipped like a young girl into the church .

From the high-stemmed poop of a Genoese cog , a boy sang a hymn to the Virgin in thanksgiving for the change in the weather whilst sailors in a Greek galley chanted their prayer for mercy : ‘ Kyrie Eleison , Christe Eleison , Kyrie Eleison .
from the high-stemmed poop of a genoese cog , a boy sang a hymn to the virgin in thanksgiving for the change in the weather [while] sailors in a greek galley chanted their prayer for mercy : ‘ kyrie eleison , christe eleison , kyrie eleison .

The chaplain , crouched on a stool near the fireplace , stared into the flames wringing his hands whilst Rastani , the silent , dark servant , sat with his back to the wall as if he wished the very stones would open and swallow him .
the chaplain , crouched on a stool near the fireplace , stared into the flames wringing his hands [while] rastani , the silent , dark servant , sat with his back to the wall as if he wished the very stones would open and swallow him .

He heard Geoffrey giggle , even white-faced Philippa smiled , the chaplain grinned sourly whilst Fulke snorted with laughter .
he heard geoffrey giggle , even white-faced philippa smiled , the chaplain grinned sourly [while] fulke snorted with laughter .

Now Bartholomew agreed to conceal the purse on condition that he had half the treasure whilst we shared the rest .
now bartholomew agreed to conceal the purse on condition that he had half the treasure [while] we shared the rest .

One night they crept into our house but he had arranged for us to sleep on the roof whilst through a crack he could watch our sleeping chamber .
one night they crept into our house but he had arranged for us to sleep on the roof [while] through a crack he could watch our sleeping chamber .

He packed his writing tray away whilst speculating on other possibilities .
he packed his writing tray away [while] speculating on other possibilities .

Hammond the chaplain had the spite , whilst Sir Fulke had everything to gain .
hammond the chaplain had the spite , [while] sir fulke had everything to gain .

Her cheeks were tear-stained , her eyes dark-shadowed and sad , whilst her steel-grey hair hung in untidy tresses beneath a white veil .
her cheeks were tear-stained , her eyes dark-shadowed and sad , [while] her steel-grey hair hung in untidy tresses beneath a white veil .

The coroner stood snatching mouthfuls of bread and gulping noisily from a goblet whilst he stared angrily at the fire .
the coroner stood snatching mouthfuls of bread and gulping noisily from a goblet [while] he stared angrily at the fire .

Leif turned away , retching , whilst Cranston stalked out of his house muttering vengeance against all and sundry .
leif turned away , retching , [while] cranston stalked out of his house muttering vengeance against all and sundry .

Around him the usual Massgoers , Benedicta included , watched fascinated as Athelstan urged the soul to go out to meet his Christ , whilst he , Athelstan , priest of that church , summoned God 's army to meet this unfortunate man 's soul ; they were to lead it into Paradise and ensure it did not fall into the hands of Satan .
around him the usual massgoers , benedicta included , watched fascinated as athelstan urged the soul to go out to meet his christ , [while] he , athelstan , priest of that church , summoned god 's army to meet this unfortunate man 's soul ; they were to lead it into paradise and ensure it did not fall into the hands of satan .

Pike and Watkin unceremoniously rolled old Tosspot into the shallow hole and , whilst Athelstan muttered some prayers , hastily covered it with icy lumps of clay .
pike and watkin unceremoniously rolled old tosspot into the shallow hole and , [while] athelstan muttered some prayers , hastily covered it with icy lumps of clay .

The place looked cleaner , fresh plaster on the wall , the beams newly painted , whilst the rushes underfoot were fresh and sweet-smelling .
the place looked cleaner , fresh plaster on the wall , the beams newly painted , [while] the rushes underfoot were fresh and sweet-smelling .

The door leading to the gallery on which his chamber stands was locked by the guards , whilst the other end of the passage is blocked by fallen masonry .
the door leading to the gallery on which his chamber stands was locked by the guards , [while] the other end of the passage is blocked by fallen masonry .

The landlord served Sir John himself , cutting thick slices of pheasant breast and laying them deftly with his one hand on the pewter platter whilst a maid scurried up with a jug of steaming gravy in which the bird had been cooked .
the landlord served sir john himself , cutting thick slices of pheasant breast and laying them deftly with his one hand on the pewter platter [while] a maid scurried up with a jug of steaming gravy in which the bird had been cooked .

Whilst he ate Athelstan reflected on what they had discussed .
[while] he ate athelstan reflected on what they had discussed .

He says he can not waste the day whilst you converse with a madman .
he says he can not waste the day [while] you converse with a madman .

‘ Yes , it could be done under cover of darkness whilst Sir Gerard was lost in his own thoughts .
‘ yes , it could be done under cover of darkness [while] sir gerard was lost in his own thoughts .

Colebrooke marched up and down as if he was on parade whilst Mistress Philippa leaned against the wall , looking sorrowfully down at Tower Green .
colebrooke marched up and down as if he was on parade [while] mistress philippa leaned against the wall , looking sorrowfully down at tower green .

He has better things to do than hang around the Tower answering idle questions whilst good men are killed and the murderer walks scot free .
he has better things to do than hang around the tower answering idle questions [while] good men are killed and the murderer walks scot free .

Pigs wandered here with bells slung round their necks to show they were the property of the Hospital of St Anthony and could n't be slaughtered Beadles armed with steel-pointed staffs dispersed fowl or curbed the yapping of fierce yellow-haired dogs , whilst bailiffs tried to move on a strange creature dressed like a magpie in black and white rags .
pigs wandered here with bells slung round their necks to show they were the property of the hospital of st anthony and could n't be slaughtered beadles armed with steel-pointed staffs dispersed fowl or curbed the yapping of fierce yellow-haired dogs , [while] bailiffs tried to move on a strange creature dressed like a magpie in black and white rags .

Sir John stamped off , leading his horse , whilst Athelstan continued down Trinity into Walbrook , along Ropery to London Bridge .
sir john stamped off , leading his horse , [while] athelstan continued down trinity into walbrook , along ropery to london bridge .

Athelstan , tired and saddlesore , prayed and cursed whilst Cranston , farting and swaying in the saddle , chattered about this or that .
athelstan , tired and saddlesore , prayed and cursed [while] cranston , farting and swaying in the saddle , chattered about this or that .

The villagers were gathered round a corpse whilst beside it two burly labourers hacked the iron ground at the foot of the scaffold .
the villagers were gathered round a corpse [while] beside it two burly labourers hacked the iron ground at the foot of the scaffold .

His face was black , tongue half-bitten off but still clenched tightly between yellow teeth , whilst one eye had popped from its socket and lay grotesquely against the bruised cheek .
his face was black , tongue half-bitten off but still clenched tightly between yellow teeth , [while] one eye had popped from its socket and lay grotesquely against the bruised cheek .

‘ Or , ’ Athelstan continued , ‘ does Sir Bartholomew squat like some dark spider in the city whilst others carry out his dreadful commands ? ’
‘ or , ’ athelstan continued , ‘ does sir bartholomew squat like some dark spider in the city [while] others carry out his dreadful commands ? ’

‘ Instead of leading the way in the Community , Britain has trailed along behind whilst others have taken the lead . ’
‘ instead of leading the way in the community , britain has trailed along behind [while] others have taken the lead . ’

Whilst they are searching for the relevant information , their inventories of unsold goods will start to build up .
[while] they are searching for the relevant information , their inventories of unsold goods will start to build up .

It continues : ‘ Any child or young person who has been arrested by the police and is not sent home on bail is to be consigned to this remand home whilst awaiting trial ’ .
it continues : ‘ any child or young person who has been arrested by the police and is not sent home on bail is to be consigned to this remand home [while] awaiting trial ’ .

minimise competitor advantage whilst you catch up ,
minimise competitor advantage [while] you catch up ,

Whilst it is hoped that this text as a whole will contribute to the development of the personal qualities necessary for successful salesmanship , this chapter concentrates specifically on those aspects of international selling with which a firm either exporting or contemplating the same should be familiar .
[while] it is hoped that this text as a whole will contribute to the development of the personal qualities necessary for successful salesmanship , this chapter concentrates specifically on those aspects of international selling with which a firm either exporting or contemplating the same should be familiar .

Whilst the first alternative can be effective to some extent , there is a limit to which expenditure of this kind can be reduced .
[while] the first alternative can be effective to some extent , there is a limit to which expenditure of this kind can be reduced .

Whilst the fact that our national economic prosperity depends upon selling overseas is not without relevance to individual companies , there are a number of more pressing reasons why companies benefit from selling overseas .
[while] the fact that our national economic prosperity depends upon selling overseas is not without relevance to individual companies , there are a number of more pressing reasons why companies benefit from selling overseas .

Whilst economic factors are important , only non-economic factors can explain the different patterns of consumption of two different countries with similar per capita incomes .
[while] economic factors are important , only non-economic factors can explain the different patterns of consumption of two different countries with similar per capita incomes .

The servery is completely furnished in stainless steel and chrome whilst the seating area , in distinct contrast , boasts four different wall finishes , long mirrors , glossy coloured tiles , large white metallic tiles and matt painted surfaces .
the servery is completely furnished in stainless steel and chrome [while] the seating area , in distinct contrast , boasts four different wall finishes , long mirrors , glossy coloured tiles , large white metallic tiles and matt painted surfaces .

The operation went smoothly and Catering Managers Ian Cameron and John Dunn are now looking after 350 persons on board the Safe Holmia rising to 440 at peak , whilst on the Port Royal , John Turner and Ian Ross are looking after 175 people .
the operation went smoothly and catering managers ian cameron and john dunn are now looking after 350 persons on board the safe holmia rising to 440 at peak , [while] on the port royal , john turner and ian ross are looking after 175 people .

whilst he 's in the mood ?
[while] he 's in the mood ?

and , and that , that 's not closed up whilst you would n't get it on
and , and that , that 's not closed up [while] you would n't get it on

See you 've got that thing going whilst my voice is going .
see you 've got that thing going [while] my voice is going .

Your mallet is going to be is got ta be in contact with the mallet the ball whilst the ball is in contact with the wire
your mallet is going to be is got ta be in contact with the mallet the ball [while] the ball is in contact with the wire

The only thing one would say though whilst agreeing with some of the , the matters perhaps that may be aired have a bearing on the other matters in the agenda . Perhaps number one the one that 's in the first paragraph
the only thing one would say though [while] agreeing with some of the , the matters perhaps that may be aired have a bearing on the other matters in the agenda . perhaps number one the one that 's in the first paragraph

Whilst you can spend many a happy hour with a regular 12-string guitar plucking one string while turning the wrong key , since they all look identical , this is n't a problem on the Hamer .
[while] you can spend many a happy hour with a regular 12-string guitar plucking one string while turning the wrong key , since they all look identical , this is n't a problem on the hamer .

In my Hip and Thigh Diet eggs are not allowed because they contain fat in the yolk , whilst one occasionally is allowed in this programme .
in my hip and thigh diet eggs are not allowed because they contain fat in the yolk , [while] one occasionally is allowed in this programme .

My initial impression , on seeing this guitar for the first time , was that Rockwood have tried very hard to steer away from total Strat clone , whilst keeping all the essential ingredients pretty much to the fore .
my initial impression , on seeing this guitar for the first time , was that rockwood have tried very hard to steer away from total strat clone , [while] keeping all the essential ingredients pretty much to the fore .

One half handles negative going output signals whilst the other handles positive .
one half handles negative going output signals [while] the other handles positive .

Using this method the idling current can be limited to very low values whilst maintaining the large voltage and current swings required to drive a loudspeaker .
using this method the idling current can be limited to very low values [while] maintaining the large voltage and current swings required to drive a loudspeaker .

Whilst it is in the triggered state further pulses due to switch bounce have no effect .
[while] it is in the triggered state further pulses due to switch bounce have no effect .

The next thing to do whilst it is still taped to the light box is to draw up a component layout diagram , actual size .
the next thing to do [while] it is still taped to the light box is to draw up a component layout diagram , actual size .

He makes the point clear when he says : ‘ Perfect non-violence is impossible as long as we exist physically … Perfect non-violence whilst you are inhabiting the body is only a theory like Euclid 's point or straight line , but we have to endeavour every moment of our lives .
he makes the point clear when he says : ‘ perfect non-violence is impossible as long as we exist physically … perfect non-violence [while] you are inhabiting the body is only a theory like euclid 's point or straight line , but we have to endeavour every moment of our lives .

Nevertheless , the paradox is that a small , cheapish amp still has to sound like a beast , whilst remaining tame and housetrained in all other respects .
nevertheless , the paradox is that a small , cheapish amp still has to sound like a beast , [while] remaining tame and housetrained in all other respects .

Whilst some might quibble with the second part of that statement , who could argue with the first ?
[while] some might quibble with the second part of that statement , who could argue with the first ?

For the dips at the end of bar 6 ( into bar 7 ) : press the arm down , pick the note and release — same as before ; then press down and release again , whilst the note is sustaining .
for the dips at the end of bar 6 ( into bar 7 ) : press the arm down , pick the note and release — same as before ; then press down and release again , [while] the note is sustaining .

So , whilst the perils of specialist slots are very real , they can not be relinquished before the mainstream becomes fully representative .
so , [while] the perils of specialist slots are very real , they can not be relinquished before the mainstream becomes fully representative .

Whilst ever sexual relationships are foregrounded and idealised , those of us without a lover will be made to feel inferior and excluded .
[while] ever sexual relationships are foregrounded and idealised , those of us without a lover will be made to feel inferior and excluded .

whilst in some respects they are considered sinful and falling short of the pattern for our life as revealed in the Scripture , make the best moral sense of a situation which is , of itself , flawed .
[while] in some respects they are considered sinful and falling short of the pattern for our life as revealed in the scripture , make the best moral sense of a situation which is , of itself , flawed .

Most of the video nasties which gave rise to the Act have passed this test with flying colours , whilst most porn fails .
most of the video nasties which gave rise to the act have passed this test with flying colours , [while] most porn fails .

Gay artist Philip Core died whilst fighting in court the Customs seizure of materials he had sent to his London home during a trip to America .
gay artist philip core died [while] fighting in court the customs seizure of materials he had sent to his london home during a trip to america .

Place fingertips on the larynx whilst you hum and feel the tingling on your lips , and count up to ten or say a simple phrase in your loudest voice and at the same time concentrate on the feeling on the finger tips .
place fingertips on the larynx [while] you hum and feel the tingling on your lips , and count up to ten or say a simple phrase in your loudest voice and at the same time concentrate on the feeling on the finger tips .

It is useful to sit at the corner of a small table ( a card table is excellent ) whilst your discussion partner sits at the opposite comer — ensuring a one-to-one contact and leaving space between you .
it is useful to sit at the corner of a small table ( a card table is excellent ) [while] your discussion partner sits at the opposite comer — ensuring a one-to-one contact and leaving space between you .

You have broken the Spode teapot whilst staying with an acquaintance . How do you cope ?
you have broken the spode teapot [while] staying with an acquaintance . how do you cope ?

Simply by leaving the door open , the receptionist was sure that the patient 's face was in full light whilst speaking .
simply by leaving the door open , the receptionist was sure that the patient 's face was in full light [while] speaking .

Do these exercises whilst looking into a long mirror and do them smoothly .
do these exercises [while] looking into a long mirror and do them smoothly .

Jo 's hair was towel dried and put into sections , the mixture was then applied from roots to ends whilst it was still warm .
jo 's hair was towel dried and put into sections , the mixture was then applied from roots to ends [while] it was still warm .

Since the unit will be placed in a conspicuous position , the flashing light could be an annoying and dangerous distraction to the driver whilst the vehicle is in motion .
since the unit will be placed in a conspicuous position , the flashing light could be an annoying and dangerous distraction to the driver [while] the vehicle is in motion .

Cut the tape from the reel using a scalpel whilst attempting not to cut through the film , lifting off any excess tape from the drafting film .
cut the tape from the reel using a scalpel [while] attempting not to cut through the film , lifting off any excess tape from the drafting film .

Record manufacturers formerly pleased themselves as to the degree of attenuation or enhancement used and in the early '50s , an amplifier might have several switched replay positions whilst another provided plug-in networks to suit records and cartridges .
record manufacturers formerly pleased themselves as to the degree of attenuation or enhancement used and in the early '50s , an amplifier might have several switched replay positions [while] another provided plug-in networks to suit records and cartridges .

Whilst these professional ‘ robots ’ use pneumatics , the same effect can be achieved , on a more modest scale , with the humble radio control servo .
[while] these professional ‘ robots ’ use pneumatics , the same effect can be achieved , on a more modest scale , with the humble radio control servo .

These very same servo mechanisms can be found within popular animated toys and it was whilst repairing my daughters ‘ Teddy Ruxpin ’ that the seeds of this project were sown .
these very same servo mechanisms can be found within popular animated toys and it was [while] repairing my daughters ‘ teddy ruxpin ’ that the seeds of this project were sown .

Whilst the cost saving in building from a kit is not enormous there is a certain satisfaction to be derived especially if a custom built solution is required .
[while] the cost saving in building from a kit is not enormous there is a certain satisfaction to be derived especially if a custom built solution is required .

If this time period is greater than the input pulse width , the motor is driven in one direction whilst if it is less than the input pulse width , the motor is driven in the opposite direction .
if this time period is greater than the input pulse width , the motor is driven in one direction [while] if it is less than the input pulse width , the motor is driven in the opposite direction .

If all outputs are set top the minimum pulse width of 0.75mS , the frame rate will be 14.2mS ( 8 × 0.75mS + 8.2mS ) whilst if all outputs are set to the maximum pulse width of 2.25mS the frame rate will be 26.2mS ( 8 × 2.25mS + 8.2mS ) .
if all outputs are set top the minimum pulse width of 0.75ms , the frame rate will be 14.2ms ( 8 × 0.75ms + 8.2ms ) [while] if all outputs are set to the maximum pulse width of 2.25ms the frame rate will be 26.2ms ( 8 × 2.25ms + 8.2ms ) .

Characters must be upper case only and whilst a space , or non-hex character , may be optionally used to separate channel address and data , no space must precede the channel address .
characters must be upper case only and [while] a space , or non-hex character , may be optionally used to separate channel address and data , no space must precede the channel address .

It has a long history and in 1843 twelve Bronze Age artefacts and two portions of a sword were found whilst digging a drain .
it has a long history and in 1843 twelve bronze age artefacts and two portions of a sword were found [while] digging a drain .

The recreation club has its own sports field , whilst some club meetings and classes are held in the school or the village hall .
the recreation club has its own sports field , [while] some club meetings and classes are held in the school or the village hall .

The Methodist chapel , the inn and the post office are at Seaton , whilst Sigglesthorne has St Laurence 's church and the school .
the methodist chapel , the inn and the post office are at seaton , [while] sigglesthorne has st laurence 's church and the school .

The trees stood at intervals down the Main Street and provided a meeting place for the villagers and presumably a resting place whilst they journeyed to Lowry Field at the bottom of the village , which had the communal St Laurence Well and provided water when all the house and farm wells were dry .
the trees stood at intervals down the main street and provided a meeting place for the villagers and presumably a resting place [while] they journeyed to lowry field at the bottom of the village , which had the communal st laurence well and provided water when all the house and farm wells were dry .

There is still Londesborough Lodge on the road to Driffield where the ‘ gentry ’ used to stay whilst on shooting expeditions .
there is still londesborough lodge on the road to driffield where the ‘ gentry ’ used to stay [while] on shooting expeditions .

The male is usually a marigold-orange , whilst the female is usually a lively yellow overlaid with tiny orange dots .
the male is usually a marigold-orange , [while] the female is usually a lively yellow overlaid with tiny orange dots .

The River Plate stadium in Buenos Aires holds 75,000 whilst the Velez Sarfield takes around 50,000 .
the river plate stadium in buenos aires holds 75,000 [while] the velez sarfield takes around 50,000 .

But whilst Best is certainly under pressure to continue England 's winning ways into the Five Nations Championship , the realist with the acid tongue and the blunt manners , which have been the bane of countless committeemen and lacklustre trainers over the years , is by no means just a dour pragmatist .
but [while] best is certainly under pressure to continue england 's winning ways into the five nations championship , the realist with the acid tongue and the blunt manners , which have been the bane of countless committeemen and lacklustre trainers over the years , is by no means just a dour pragmatist .

‘ At prop , if you do not show aggression and attack your opposite number , whilst contributing to making sure that your own ball is protected , you can be certain that your opponents will give you a hard time .
‘ at prop , if you do not show aggression and attack your opposite number , [while] contributing to making sure that your own ball is protected , you can be certain that your opponents will give you a hard time .

For whilst this was true it was obvious , at least to the conservative mind , that ‘ something must be wrong with them ’ .
for [while] this was true it was obvious , at least to the conservative mind , that ‘ something must be wrong with them ’ .

The outcome is that men who have few resources other than physical ones are more likely to commit legally defined rape , whilst those men who possess a whole range of resources from economic patronage to cultural charm are likely to be viewed by the law as ‘ real men ’ practising their primeval arts-and that is something the majesty of the law should leave alone !
the outcome is that men who have few resources other than physical ones are more likely to commit legally defined rape , [while] those men who possess a whole range of resources from economic patronage to cultural charm are likely to be viewed by the law as ‘ real men ’ practising their primeval arts-and that is something the majesty of the law should leave alone !

Consequently this chapter settles on Schrager and Short 's amended definition of corporate crime whilst remaining sensitive to those avoidable harmful corporate acts which are excluded .
consequently this chapter settles on schrager and short 's amended definition of corporate crime [while] remaining sensitive to those avoidable harmful corporate acts which are excluded .

But whilst the law and order debate ebbs and flows over the political terrain , there is a strategic need to establish a second front where radical criminology takes on corporate crimes and crimes of other powerful institutions and privileged people .
but [while] the law and order debate ebbs and flows over the political terrain , there is a strategic need to establish a second front where radical criminology takes on corporate crimes and crimes of other powerful institutions and privileged people .

Consequently , whilst corporate crime can not be understood without grasping the fact that it stems from contradictions between a corporation 's goal ( s ) and its environment , that understanding remains one-sided if individuals are left out of the analysis .
consequently , [while] corporate crime can not be understood without grasping the fact that it stems from contradictions between a corporation 's goal ( s ) and its environment , that understanding remains one-sided if individuals are left out of the analysis .

They had the moral flexibility to meet shifting organizational demands and still enjoy the sleep of the just — their ability to relativize other moral imperatives whilst constantly prioritizing the pursuit of organizational goals did not make them necessarily immoral , but it did facilitate a moral flexibility others denied themselves .
they had the moral flexibility to meet shifting organizational demands and still enjoy the sleep of the just — their ability to relativize other moral imperatives [while] constantly prioritizing the pursuit of organizational goals did not make them necessarily immoral , but it did facilitate a moral flexibility others denied themselves .

What it does reflect is the willingness of the British government to increase the chances of criminalizing poor , oppressed , and sometimes inadequate individuals whilst leaving the rich corporate executive free to operate within and outside the law .
what it does reflect is the willingness of the british government to increase the chances of criminalizing poor , oppressed , and sometimes inadequate individuals [while] leaving the rich corporate executive free to operate within and outside the law .

Such civil action settlements , whilst absolutely large are again relatively insignificant .
such civil action settlements , [while] absolutely large are again relatively insignificant .

The point of this fracture between regulation broken and its consequences is that it facilitates corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking regulations , whilst ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .
the point of this fracture between regulation broken and its consequences is that it facilitates corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking regulations , [while] ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .

These were involved because in a capitalist market economy , the organization of economic activity has historically been based on numerous fragmented units , each seeking to operate as profitably as possible , whilst paying only the costs which it is impossible to avoid .
these were involved because in a capitalist market economy , the organization of economic activity has historically been based on numerous fragmented units , each seeking to operate as profitably as possible , [while] paying only the costs which it is impossible to avoid .

Whilst each of these may be attractive , they do raise a vexing question : would their acceptance represent an indefensible system of dual justice , one providing fewer rights to the accused and thus increasing the chances of conviction ?
[while] each of these may be attractive , they do raise a vexing question : would their acceptance represent an indefensible system of dual justice , one providing fewer rights to the accused and thus increasing the chances of conviction ?

This incapacitates them temporarily ; whilst imprisoned they can not victimize the public , although they do continue to victimize other prisoners , sometimes at a rate that exceeds community crime levels .
this incapacitates them temporarily ; [while] imprisoned they can not victimize the public , although they do continue to victimize other prisoners , sometimes at a rate that exceeds community crime levels .

Corporate executives could be incapacitated by imprisonment ; whilst inside they could not be victimizing employees , consumers , share-holders , or the general public .
corporate executives could be incapacitated by imprisonment ; [while] inside they could not be victimizing employees , consumers , share-holders , or the general public .

The history of corporate legislation enforcement is a history of penalizing the small fish whilst letting the big ones escape .
the history of corporate legislation enforcement is a history of penalizing the small fish [while] letting the big ones escape .

Superconductor are wonderfully stupid and noisy , everybody playing a different tune and having a whale of a time whilst the singer gargles disinfectant .
superconductor are wonderfully stupid and noisy , everybody playing a different tune and having a whale of a time [while] the singer gargles disinfectant .

Fish-bone paste and heated animal glue made a long process of bonding work , whilst injection moulding and plastics did not exist .
fish-bone paste and heated animal glue made a long process of bonding work , [while] injection moulding and plastics did not exist .

The specially designed plate rack in the scullery can drain the ninety plates of different sizes used for a five-course dinner for eighteen , whilst the slate floor makes for easy cleaning .
the specially designed plate rack in the scullery can drain the ninety plates of different sizes used for a five-course dinner for eighteen , [while] the slate floor makes for easy cleaning .

The meeting of their two minds produced a working partnership of mutual enjoyment : he became her eyes and long-distance vision , whilst she augmented his inspiration with her knowledge of plant and vegetable life .
the meeting of their two minds produced a working partnership of mutual enjoyment : he became her eyes and long-distance vision , [while] she augmented his inspiration with her knowledge of plant and vegetable life .

Ironically , City now head the Premier League whilst Fleck has scored just once in six games for mid-table Blues .
ironically , city now head the premier league [while] fleck has scored just once in six games for mid-table blues .

If each word is displayed as soon as it is recognised , the display will be changing disconcertingly whilst the user is writing the next word .
if each word is displayed as soon as it is recognised , the display will be changing disconcertingly [while] the user is writing the next word .

The nodes are numbered for reference whilst the dawg is under construction ( see figure 3.12 ) .
the nodes are numbered for reference [while] the dawg is under construction ( see figure 3.12 ) .

This may require some kind of additional structure ( at least temporarily ) whilst the system is on-line , until the trie can be re-built with the new words at a later stage .
this may require some kind of additional structure ( at least temporarily ) [while] the system is on-line , until the trie can be re-built with the new words at a later stage .

Examples of the latter include the installation of an electric blanket at Murrayfield , which has meant that they are the only home union not to have had a Five Nations match postponed within the last 30 years , whilst they always have a venue for important representative matches available there if the weather tries to sabotage the programme .
examples of the latter include the installation of an electric blanket at murrayfield , which has meant that they are the only home union not to have had a five nations match postponed within the last 30 years , [while] they always have a venue for important representative matches available there if the weather tries to sabotage the programme .

However , England 's Simon Hodgkinson ( left ) did marry Fiona Radley with guests including Will Carling and Dewi Morris ( getting in some tackling practice ) , whilst Wales ' Garin Jenkins ( right ) and his smiling bride clearly enjoyed their big day .
however , england 's simon hodgkinson ( left ) did marry fiona radley with guests including will carling and dewi morris ( getting in some tackling practice ) , [while] wales ' garin jenkins ( right ) and his smiling bride clearly enjoyed their big day .

Lancashire Colts begin their defence of the title with their traditional match against Warwickshire , whilst defeated finalists Middlesex , with only Matt Saunders and Andy Turner ( both Staines ) and Luke Snowdon ( Ruislip ) still eligible , commence an intensive programme with fixtures against Buckinghamshire ( September 27th ) and North Midlands ( October 4th ) before entertaining Germany Youth under floodlights at Staines on Wednesday October 7th .
lancashire colts begin their defence of the title with their traditional match against warwickshire , [while] defeated finalists middlesex , with only matt saunders and andy turner ( both staines ) and luke snowdon ( ruislip ) still eligible , commence an intensive programme with fixtures against buckinghamshire ( september 27th ) and north midlands ( october 4th ) before entertaining germany youth under floodlights at staines on wednesday october 7th .

Most groups form after a shared devotion to the works of some particular group or an affinity for a particular style-sound-wash , but Guy ( keyboards ) , Fraggle ( guitar ) , Carl ( bass ) , Henry ( drums ) and Fil ( vocals ) hatched their idea whilst squatting a disused dole office in Peckham , South London , just because they had an attitude in common .
most groups form after a shared devotion to the works of some particular group or an affinity for a particular style-sound-wash , but guy ( keyboards ) , fraggle ( guitar ) , carl ( bass ) , henry ( drums ) and fil ( vocals ) hatched their idea [while] squatting a disused dole office in peckham , south london , just because they had an attitude in common .

Dominic Woosey purveys his own brand of ambient House , lightly peppered with acidic loops , whilst Cosmic Baby turns the acid machines up full and demonstrates why Germany is about to take off in the same way that Belgium did last year .
dominic woosey purveys his own brand of ambient house , lightly peppered with acidic loops , [while] cosmic baby turns the acid machines up full and demonstrates why germany is about to take off in the same way that belgium did last year .

Article continues with little mention of artist in accompanying picture whilst scribe pours forth ridiculous but gaggingly witty comments on lifestyle of music journalists .
article continues with little mention of artist in accompanying picture [while] scribe pours forth ridiculous but gaggingly witty comments on lifestyle of music journalists .

Childless through a botched abortion , Mary steals a baby from a supermarket whilst her husband is having a very public nervous breakdown in the school where he teaches .
childless through a botched abortion , mary steals a baby from a supermarket [while] her husband is having a very public nervous breakdown in the school where he teaches .

But Horsley had n't sacrificed his humanitarian principles whilst presiding over such speedy business growth .
but horsley had n't sacrificed his humanitarian principles [while] presiding over such speedy business growth .

Olwen drove , and evolved a schedule of visiting her numerous girlfriends or looking for bargains in the shops whilst the others pitched the local council or union .
olwen drove , and evolved a schedule of visiting her numerous girlfriends or looking for bargains in the shops [while] the others pitched the local council or union .

Pilger had met Sutton whilst making a film for Australian television about the Wapping dispute .
pilger had met sutton [while] making a film for australian television about the wapping dispute .

But whilst Mackenzie carried on and ended up editing the Sun , Sutton began to question what he was doing .
but [while] mackenzie carried on and ended up editing the sun , sutton began to question what he was doing .

Whilst Jackson struggled not to offend black outreach workers , the system for processing the application forms buckled under the weight of numbers and its inbuilt defects .
[while] jackson struggled not to offend black outreach workers , the system for processing the application forms buckled under the weight of numbers and its inbuilt defects .

Hayling 's dummy had been a marathon performance over months , whilst Sutton had had only a short time and few people .
hayling 's dummy had been a marathon performance over months , [while] sutton had had only a short time and few people .

The company is once more contained within one location … The new complex lends itself to mechanised materials handling … whilst the cost of construction has been high , rental costs have been eliminated .
the company is once more contained within one location … the new complex lends itself to mechanised materials handling … [while] the cost of construction has been high , rental costs have been eliminated .

The active part is played by a public corporation , the National Coal Board , which carries on the vast bulk of the exploitation itself whilst licensing a minute amount of private enterprise by others .
the active part is played by a public corporation , the national coal board , which carries on the vast bulk of the exploitation itself [while] licensing a minute amount of private enterprise by others .

Whilst an extension of the deconcentration of central government might have gone some way towards abating these feelings , it was not considered by the majority to be a sufficient remedy .
[while] an extension of the deconcentration of central government might have gone some way towards abating these feelings , it was not considered by the majority to be a sufficient remedy .

Whilst there has been some confusion as to exactly what ‘ remoteness ’ consists of ( it seems to have been equated to distance from London whereas it would seem to be psychological remoteness in the sense of inaccessibility of decision-makers which really matters ) , the lesson nevertheless seems clear .
[while] there has been some confusion as to exactly what ‘ remoteness ’ consists of ( it seems to have been equated to distance from london whereas it would seem to be psychological remoteness in the sense of inaccessibility of decision-makers which really matters ) , the lesson nevertheless seems clear .

Whilst controversy may continue to rage over the most desirable structure for local government and as to the measure of control which central government should exercise over it , the case for having some such structure as the present as a part of the make-up of the constitution remains an imperative both of history and of modern democratic ideals .
[while] controversy may continue to rage over the most desirable structure for local government and as to the measure of control which central government should exercise over it , the case for having some such structure as the present as a part of the make-up of the constitution remains an imperative both of history and of modern democratic ideals .

Whilst the peerage was validly conferred , however , the House of Lords itself decided that such a peer had no right to sit , and the object of the exercise was thus frustrated .
[while] the peerage was validly conferred , however , the house of lords itself decided that such a peer had no right to sit , and the object of the exercise was thus frustrated .

Whilst the admission of the Law Lords made available to the House one particular type of needed expertise , it effected no significant general improvement .
[while] the admission of the law lords made available to the house one particular type of needed expertise , it effected no significant general improvement .

Since 1909 the House of Lords has been under attack , and whilst one objection which has been taken has been to the undemocratic nature of the House , that is not the whole story .
since 1909 the house of lords has been under attack , and [while] one objection which has been taken has been to the undemocratic nature of the house , that is not the whole story .

The House of Commons ( Clergy Disqualification ) Act 1801 provides that ‘ no person having been ordained to the office of priest or deacon , or being a minister of the Church of Scotland , is or shall be capable of being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons ’ whilst s.9 of the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 states that ‘ No person in holy orders in the Church of Rome shall be capable of being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons ’ .
the house of commons ( clergy disqualification ) act 1801 provides that ‘ no person having been ordained to the office of priest or deacon , or being a minister of the church of scotland , is or shall be capable of being elected to serve in parliament as a member of the house of commons ’ [while] s.9 of the roman catholic relief act 1829 states that ‘ no person in holy orders in the church of rome shall be capable of being elected to serve in parliament as a member of the house of commons ’ .

Here , there is further anomaly , for it has been possible in the past for Anglican clergymen to circumvent the disqualification by virtue of the Clerical Disabilities Act 1870 , whilst others can not .
here , there is further anomaly , for it has been possible in the past for anglican clergymen to circumvent the disqualification by virtue of the clerical disabilities act 1870 , [while] others can not .

Whilst the department will be the immediate source of a proposal for a Bill , it will not necessarily be the mediate source .
[while] the department will be the immediate source of a proposal for a bill , it will not necessarily be the mediate source .

Whilst it would be an exaggeration to say that the part played by remains true that it is only in an exceptional case that a Government Bill fails to pass into law in substantially the form in which it entered Parliament .
[while] it would be an exaggeration to say that the part played by remains true that it is only in an exceptional case that a government bill fails to pass into law in substantially the form in which it entered parliament .

Whilst there is still some pressure for further reform , it is generally recognised that the Lords do perform a useful function and the abolition lobby no longer enjoys the political significance it once did .
[while] there is still some pressure for further reform , it is generally recognised that the lords do perform a useful function and the abolition lobby no longer enjoys the political significance it once did .

Whilst the Bill of Rights thus resolved the basic position for the future , it nevertheless left several questions unanswered and we must now turn to these :
[while] the bill of rights thus resolved the basic position for the future , it nevertheless left several questions unanswered and we must now turn to these :

whilst , if a privilege existed , it was up to the House to decide whether there had been a breach , the existence of the privilege in the first place was for the common law to decide and it was for the courts , and not the House , to declare the common law .
[while] , if a privilege existed , it was up to the house to decide whether there had been a breach , the existence of the privilege in the first place was for the common law to decide and it was for the courts , and not the house , to declare the common law .

It argues merely that whilst Parliament could pass such laws , it would be unlikely or unpurposeful for it to do so .
it argues merely that [while] parliament could pass such laws , it would be unlikely or unpurposeful for it to do so .

Each House has its privileges ( though many are identical ) and whilst the modus vivendi above referred to may inveigh against interference by the ordinary courts into the affairs of the House of Commons , it is not at all clear that it precludes comment by the Judicial Committee of the House of Lords on the affairs of the House of Lords .
each house has its privileges ( though many are identical ) and [while] the modus vivendi above referred to may inveigh against interference by the ordinary courts into the affairs of the house of commons , it is not at all clear that it precludes comment by the judicial committee of the house of lords on the affairs of the house of lords .

Whilst the Commission is responsible to the Parliament , the Council is not .
[while] the commission is responsible to the parliament , the council is not .

‘ Decisions , are binding but specific to the named parties concerned whilst ‘ recommendations ’ , as the name suggests , do not create binding obligations .
‘ decisions , are binding but specific to the named parties concerned [while] ‘ recommendations ’ , as the name suggests , do not create binding obligations .

Article 15 , in particular allows a state party to the Convention to take measures derogating from some of its obligations under the Convention ‘ In time of war or other public emergency threatening the life of the nation ’ to the extent strictly required by the exigencies of the situation , whilst many of the individual articles establishing particular rights allow to a state a measure of liberty of action in order to secure the public interest .
article 15 , in particular allows a state party to the convention to take measures derogating from some of its obligations under the convention ‘ in time of war or other public emergency threatening the life of the nation ’ to the extent strictly required by the exigencies of the situation , [while] many of the individual articles establishing particular rights allow to a state a measure of liberty of action in order to secure the public interest .

Whilst it would be easy to exaggerate the importance of the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , its significance is more likely to be underestimated rather than overestimated .
[while] it would be easy to exaggerate the importance of the european convention on human rights and fundamental freedoms , its significance is more likely to be underestimated rather than overestimated .

Whilst it rendered the monarch formally subordinate to Parliament in the sense that it became acknowledged that , at the end of the day , the will of Parliament was to prevail , it failed to provide adequately and efficiently for the discharge of executive government .
[while] it rendered the monarch formally subordinate to parliament in the sense that it became acknowledged that , at the end of the day , the will of parliament was to prevail , it failed to provide adequately and efficiently for the discharge of executive government .

John Veltri , a Canadian priest , struggling with the idea of a retreat which would reach more people , devised a form of prayer week which would allow people to enjoy the spiritual benefits of a retreat whilst still going about their normal daily lives .
john veltri , a canadian priest , struggling with the idea of a retreat which would reach more people , devised a form of prayer week which would allow people to enjoy the spiritual benefits of a retreat [while] still going about their normal daily lives .

But because of the obvious difficulties encountered in the fermentation process , the wines of antiquity would have been drunk , more often than not , before the first fermentation had finished or whilst undergoing the second fermentation the following spring .
but because of the obvious difficulties encountered in the fermentation process , the wines of antiquity would have been drunk , more often than not , before the first fermentation had finished or [while] undergoing the second fermentation the following spring .

The contribution of Champagne 's waterways to the prosperity of its vineyards is often neglected , but these waters together provide excellent drainage to the slopes on which the vineyards are planted , whilst also sustaining a reliable water table .
the contribution of champagne 's waterways to the prosperity of its vineyards is often neglected , but these waters together provide excellent drainage to the slopes on which the vineyards are planted , [while] also sustaining a reliable water table .

Winsor & and ; Newton will be creating six ‘ mini studios ’ , each one dedicated to a different medium , where you will be able to sit down for 20 minutes and try out the materials whilst getting expert tuition in a small group .
winsor & and ; newton will be creating six ‘ mini studios ’ , each one dedicated to a different medium , where you will be able to sit down for 20 minutes and try out the materials [while] getting expert tuition in a small group .

Some manufacturers believe the handling properties of the paint are improved by the use of cold pressed oil whilst others believe refined to be superior .
some manufacturers believe the handling properties of the paint are improved by the use of cold pressed oil [while] others believe refined to be superior .

Some artists prefer the springy sensitivity of an open canvas whilst others prefer the hardness or smoothness of a board .
some artists prefer the springy sensitivity of an open canvas [while] others prefer the hardness or smoothness of a board .

Whilst celebrating the ordinary , she happens upon the marvellous .
[while] celebrating the ordinary , she happens upon the marvellous .

Mention of the Great Plague in 1665 , whilst scarcely medieval , would be relevant here .
mention of the great plague in 1665 , [while] scarcely medieval , would be relevant here .

Striding as quickly as he could whilst avoiding drawing attention to himself , Sergeant Bird covered the hundred and fifty yards that separated them , and stood close behind a sharp-featured elderly lady who had just placed her shopping bag on the pavement next to the telephone box in a proprietary way .
striding as quickly as he could [while] avoiding drawing attention to himself , sergeant bird covered the hundred and fifty yards that separated them , and stood close behind a sharp-featured elderly lady who had just placed her shopping bag on the pavement next to the telephone box in a proprietary way .

He watched her closely whilst appearing to consult his notes .
he watched her closely [while] appearing to consult his notes .

At 11pm that night we left Terry helping the barman , George , ( who was to become his close friend ) , and Becky asleep whilst we visited the Grotto .
at 11pm that night we left terry helping the barman , george , ( who was to become his close friend ) , and becky asleep [while] we visited the grotto .

This depends very much on the age of the victim though , for accidents involving small children usually occur in their own residential street , whilst older children are more often involved at junctions and along busier streets .
this depends very much on the age of the victim though , for accidents involving small children usually occur in their own residential street , [while] older children are more often involved at junctions and along busier streets .

Those aged above 60 have a pedestrian casualty rate per head of population which is nearly double that of the 20–39 age group , whilst their greater likelihood of dying from a particular accident gives them a fatality rate six and one half times higher .
those aged above 60 have a pedestrian casualty rate per head of population which is nearly double that of the 20–39 age group , [while] their greater likelihood of dying from a particular accident gives them a fatality rate six and one half times higher .

The reliance of elderly people on walking as a mode of transport increases their exposure to risk whilst their failing faculties raise the likelihood of them not seeing the striking vehicle .
the reliance of elderly people on walking as a mode of transport increases their exposure to risk [while] their failing faculties raise the likelihood of them not seeing the striking vehicle .

One English study showed accident rates of 5–9 year olds 15–20 times higher in residential areas than the 17–59 age group , whilst another has shown that young pedestrians account for 38 per cent of recorded casualties in residential area accidents and young cyclists a further nine per cent .
one english study showed accident rates of 5–9 year olds 15–20 times higher in residential areas than the 17–59 age group , [while] another has shown that young pedestrians account for 38 per cent of recorded casualties in residential area accidents and young cyclists a further nine per cent .

Because a Woonerf will not be created unless its residents want it , they too will expect to be involved in the planning , whilst there are additional complications of assuaging the fears of commercial interests such as shopkeepers .
because a woonerf will not be created unless its residents want it , they too will expect to be involved in the planning , [while] there are additional complications of assuaging the fears of commercial interests such as shopkeepers .

All in all , the Eindhoven/Rijswijk work showed that extreme reconstruction into a Woonerf was effective but expensive , whilst traffic diversion was cheap and had few positive impacts .
all in all , the eindhoven/rijswijk work showed that extreme reconstruction into a woonerf was effective but expensive , [while] traffic diversion was cheap and had few positive impacts .

Moreover , whilst it is true that the great popularity of the environmental improvements in the centres has turned attention towards restraining traffic in other areas , it is also clear that as car ownership and use rises , there is no political consensus for banning cars in the rest of the city .
moreover , [while] it is true that the great popularity of the environmental improvements in the centres has turned attention towards restraining traffic in other areas , it is also clear that as car ownership and use rises , there is no political consensus for banning cars in the rest of the city .

In the book there are illustrations of traffic calming scenes in which walkers stroll among the cars and bikes , whilst elsewhere they remain on pavements , protected by kerbs .
in the book there are illustrations of traffic calming scenes in which walkers stroll among the cars and bikes , [while] elsewhere they remain on pavements , protected by kerbs .

Whilst the international transferability of traffic restraint ideas has not been questioned , there has been a desire to evaluate results of specific measures and approaches .
[while] the international transferability of traffic restraint ideas has not been questioned , there has been a desire to evaluate results of specific measures and approaches .

Measured by cost of damage , serious accidents fell by a half whilst those resulting in light damage rose by a quarter .
measured by cost of damage , serious accidents fell by a half [while] those resulting in light damage rose by a quarter .

Through traffic is diverted along the outer ring , whilst traffic bound for the city is encouraged to park in one of the many large car parks located in the Renaissance fire-protection zone between the ring roads ( Figure 6.42 ) .
through traffic is diverted along the outer ring , [while] traffic bound for the city is encouraged to park in one of the many large car parks located in the renaissance fire-protection zone between the ring roads ( figure 6.42 ) .

By whatever means it has been achieved , however , the end result is one of a system of streets that permits access to essential users whilst maintaining an atmosphere of serenity and charm .
by whatever means it has been achieved , however , the end result is one of a system of streets that permits access to essential users [while] maintaining an atmosphere of serenity and charm .

To take just two examples : in Nuremberg junctions have been remodelled to accommodate cafés and pedestrian-friendly squares ( Figure 6.49 ) , whilst in Freiburg narrow , calmed streets with insufficient space for extensive tree-planting have been greened by the simple expedient of growing climbing plants to mask the canyon-like street walls ( Figure 6.50 ) .
to take just two examples : in nuremberg junctions have been remodelled to accommodate cafés and pedestrian-friendly squares ( figure 6.49 ) , [while] in freiburg narrow , calmed streets with insufficient space for extensive tree-planting have been greened by the simple expedient of growing climbing plants to mask the canyon-like street walls ( figure 6.50 ) .

‘ Under these circumstances improvements to individual intersections or short lengths of road by means of standard traffic engineering measures may be wasteful of accident resources , whilst measures that have much wider impact may be more effective . ’
‘ under these circumstances improvements to individual intersections or short lengths of road by means of standard traffic engineering measures may be wasteful of accident resources , [while] measures that have much wider impact may be more effective . ’

For example , a fifth of all adult casualties are at or near pedestrian crossings , whilst the disproportionate danger to children that comes from the residential street environment has already been discussed .
for example , a fifth of all adult casualties are at or near pedestrian crossings , [while] the disproportionate danger to children that comes from the residential street environment has already been discussed .

The space-sharing Dutch and German schemes in residential areas do just this whilst the ‘ winkelerf ’ approach to shopping precincts also aims at integration of foot and wheeled traffic .
the space-sharing dutch and german schemes in residential areas do just this [while] the ‘ winkelerf ’ approach to shopping precincts also aims at integration of foot and wheeled traffic .

It should go without saying that the public transport stops must be sited at relevant and accessible points on the bicycle network whilst the potential of cycle hire at public transport stops , particularly in attractive recreational areas , should not be ignored .
it should go without saying that the public transport stops must be sited at relevant and accessible points on the bicycle network [while] the potential of cycle hire at public transport stops , particularly in attractive recreational areas , should not be ignored .

One work may be despondent and melancholy , whilst the other could be uplifting and joyous .
one work may be despondent and melancholy , [while] the other could be uplifting and joyous .

Windsor & Newton 's permanent rose and titanium white provided the latter , whilst Mars black and titanium white provided the greys .
windsor & newton 's permanent rose and titanium white provided the latter , [while] mars black and titanium white provided the greys .

Fine creases where the colour had flaked off the shoes were painted in with a rich reunite of permanent rose and white , whilst permanent rose was used alone for some minor details like the punchmarks on the orange strap loops and the stitching around the edges of the straps themselves .
fine creases where the colour had flaked off the shoes were painted in with a rich reunite of permanent rose and white , [while] permanent rose was used alone for some minor details like the punchmarks on the orange strap loops and the stitching around the edges of the straps themselves .

Some galleries have display space which is reserved for solo exhibitions , whilst others have occasional individual displays .
some galleries have display space which is reserved for solo exhibitions , [while] others have occasional individual displays .

Some galleries , for example , thrive on holiday trade whilst others have a rather lean time through the summer months .
some galleries , for example , thrive on holiday trade [while] others have a rather lean time through the summer months .

Sculpture , being Fine Art , he did not tackle till he was 27 and well established and then seemingly by way of therapeutic sublimation during a period of enforced sexual abstinence whilst his wife was pregnant .
sculpture , being fine art , he did not tackle till he was 27 and well established and then seemingly by way of therapeutic sublimation during a period of enforced sexual abstinence [while] his wife was pregnant .

Whilst the detailed charts covering the different brands across selected media give artists a means of comparison between brands , it is a meagre and patchy comparison that is offered .
[while] the detailed charts covering the different brands across selected media give artists a means of comparison between brands , it is a meagre and patchy comparison that is offered .

Unix System Labs , Santa Cruz Operation Inc and SunSoft will each integrate Wabi into their respective Unix offerings , whilst Toshiba Corp , Fujitsu Ltd , Network Computing Devices Inc , Tadpole Technology plc and Quarterdeck Office Systems have lent their support to the effort .
unix system labs , santa cruz operation inc and sunsoft will each integrate wabi into their respective unix offerings , [while] toshiba corp , fujitsu ltd , network computing devices inc , tadpole technology plc and quarterdeck office systems have lent their support to the effort .

Many of these workings were destroyed by volcanic activity and earthquakes following the wars between Elves and Dwarfs , whilst others were abandoned or taken over by Night Goblins , Skaven and other evil creatures .
many of these workings were destroyed by volcanic activity and earthquakes following the wars between elves and dwarfs , [while] others were abandoned or taken over by night goblins , skaven and other evil creatures .

It is also common for regiments to have differently coloured cuffs , sleeves , or other minor details whilst retaining the overall colour of their state .
it is also common for regiments to have differently coloured cuffs , sleeves , or other minor details [while] retaining the overall colour of their state .

Full employment gradually came to be thought of as a fact of life whilst percentage rates of growth of this or that economic measure became the punctuation of political rhetoric .
full employment gradually came to be thought of as a fact of life [while] percentage rates of growth of this or that economic measure became the punctuation of political rhetoric .

Secondly , whilst a wide measure of agreement on policy had existed among economic officials during the war ( especially within the Economic Section of the Cabinet Office ) , this was conditioned by the limited scope of wartime circumstances and did not extend to peacetime policies .
secondly , [while] a wide measure of agreement on policy had existed among economic officials during the war ( especially within the economic section of the cabinet office ) , this was conditioned by the limited scope of wartime circumstances and did not extend to peacetime policies .

At the level of political debate the message has also proved widely attractive , though with the qualification that whilst the political right has tended to adopt the common form , the left has preferred the more acute form of de-industrialisation .
at the level of political debate the message has also proved widely attractive , though with the qualification that [while] the political right has tended to adopt the common form , the left has preferred the more acute form of de-industrialisation .

Whilst the form and degree of criticism has changed over the twentieth century , in essence it has remained the same , with similar international contrasts being drawn .
[while] the form and degree of criticism has changed over the twentieth century , in essence it has remained the same , with similar international contrasts being drawn .

For some the internal growth of firms is held to be the dominant force , with merger activity playing a distinctly secondary role [ Prais , 1976 ; Hart and Clarke , 1980 ] , whilst others hold that the opposite is the case [ Hannah and Kay , 1977 ] .
for some the internal growth of firms is held to be the dominant force , with merger activity playing a distinctly secondary role [ prais , 1976 ; hart and clarke , 1980 ] , [while] others hold that the opposite is the case [ hannah and kay , 1977 ] .

It has presented a picture of a large number of upper-middle-class families drawing their substantial incomes from industry whilst moving in a milieu which extolled and practised the alleged virtues of the English gentleman .
it has presented a picture of a large number of upper-middle-class families drawing their substantial incomes from industry [while] moving in a milieu which extolled and practised the alleged virtues of the english gentleman .

Whilst exports to the dollar area rose by three times in current terms between 1947 and 1951 , as a share of total exports the increase ( from 11.5 to 14.5 per cent ) was only marginal .
[while] exports to the dollar area rose by three times in current terms between 1947 and 1951 , as a share of total exports the increase ( from 11.5 to 14.5 per cent ) was only marginal .

Whilst millions of words were written on pricing policies and capital finance in nationalised industries , little serious thought was given to the economic relationships between the two sectors of the economy or to those between government and industry generally .
[while] millions of words were written on pricing policies and capital finance in nationalised industries , little serious thought was given to the economic relationships between the two sectors of the economy or to those between government and industry generally .

Along the way , there have been some interesting recantations by erstwhile Keynesian economists whilst their still committed colleagues have been stimulated to mount a counter-attack [ Brittan , 1975 ; Hicks , 1975 ; Meade , 1982 ; Shonfield , 1984 ] .
along the way , there have been some interesting recantations by erstwhile keynesian economists [while] their still committed colleagues have been stimulated to mount a counter-attack [ brittan , 1975 ; hicks , 1975 ; meade , 1982 ; shonfield , 1984 ] .

More directly in terms of economic performance , the new approach appears on the one hand to beg a number of questions whilst , on the other hand , having much in common with a Keynesian view of the world which it so frequently berates .
more directly in terms of economic performance , the new approach appears on the one hand to beg a number of questions [while] , on the other hand , having much in common with a keynesian view of the world which it so frequently berates .

Whilst it is generally agreed that increases in the money supply can cause higher prices , the question is through what mechanism does it operate ?
[while] it is generally agreed that increases in the money supply can cause higher prices , the question is through what mechanism does it operate ?

Accordingly , the major contribution of economics to policy over this period has been in providing some short-term corrections to economic activity whilst being able to do little to alter the long-term trend .
accordingly , the major contribution of economics to policy over this period has been in providing some short-term corrections to economic activity [while] being able to do little to alter the long-term trend .

And it 's an end to the client hanging on the line whilst a despatcher finds out how long that cab will be .
and it 's an end to the client hanging on the line [while] a despatcher finds out how long that cab will be .

Whilst asbestos-free brake linings get to grips with another common source of pollution .
[while] asbestos-free brake linings get to grips with another common source of pollution .

The Director of another company estimated savings of £2m in the first year after Effective Negotiating Seminars for their sales and purchasing staff , whilst the owner of a small company buying and selling industrial units in Europe identified a saving of over £800,000 in his next negotiation .
the director of another company estimated savings of £2m in the first year after effective negotiating seminars for their sales and purchasing staff , [while] the owner of a small company buying and selling industrial units in europe identified a saving of over £800,000 in his next negotiation .

Formed and fashioned into an unique design which represents a thin leading edge whilst maintaining a strong , solid body thickness which belies its exceptionally light weight .
formed and fashioned into an unique design which represents a thin leading edge [while] maintaining a strong , solid body thickness which belies its exceptionally light weight .

With Global Strategy you can spread your investment monies widely , if you wish , whilst still only dealing with one fund manager .
with global strategy you can spread your investment monies widely , if you wish , [while] still only dealing with one fund manager .

Whilst regular vacuuming removes surface dirt , crumbs and dust , it ca n't get rid of the ground dirt .
[while] regular vacuuming removes surface dirt , crumbs and dust , it ca n't get rid of the ground dirt .

Whilst it complements the architecture of its surroundings there is nothing else like it within the Square Mile .
[while] it complements the architecture of its surroundings there is nothing else like it within the square mile .

Whilst the interior allows you to sit in the lap of luxury .
[while] the interior allows you to sit in the lap of luxury .

Transpower , Mizuno 's unique energy conversion compound absorbs initial impact shock whilst converting it into positive forward movement .
transpower , mizuno 's unique energy conversion compound absorbs initial impact shock [while] converting it into positive forward movement .

Whilst orthopaedically designed seating and sophisticated ventilation help keep the driver alert and in control , even on the most fatiguing of journeys .
[while] orthopaedically designed seating and sophisticated ventilation help keep the driver alert and in control , even on the most fatiguing of journeys .

Tyndale therefore moved to London where he sought a post as chaplain to Tunstall , the Bishop of London , in whose household he hoped to live whilst he made his translation .
tyndale therefore moved to london where he sought a post as chaplain to tunstall , the bishop of london , in whose household he hoped to live [while] he made his translation .

Later Warham , the Archbishop of Canterbury , whilst on a diplomatic visit to Antwerp , bought and destroyed large numbers of copies , to the delight of Tyndale , who used the money to correct and print a new edition .
later warham , the archbishop of canterbury , [while] on a diplomatic visit to antwerp , bought and destroyed large numbers of copies , to the delight of tyndale , who used the money to correct and print a new edition .

Whilst More was Chancellor , heretics were sought out , and burned if they would not recant .
[while] more was chancellor , heretics were sought out , and burned if they would not recant .

This was almost his last work and was carried out whilst he was the guest of an English merchant , Thomas Poyntz , in the shelter of the English house at Antwerp , where the English merchants were accorded privileges of freedom from arrest on mere suspicion , and from imprisonment without trial .
this was almost his last work and was carried out [while] he was the guest of an english merchant , thomas poyntz , in the shelter of the english house at antwerp , where the english merchants were accorded privileges of freedom from arrest on mere suspicion , and from imprisonment without trial .

Foxe describes how ‘ Master Tyndale , a man of no great stature ’ , was courteously persuaded to walk ahead , whilst the tall and comely Philips behind him pointed over his head ‘ so that the officers who sat at the door might see that it was he whom they should take ; as the officers that took Master Tyndale afterwards told Poyntz , they pitied to see his simplicity when they took him .
foxe describes how ‘ master tyndale , a man of no great stature ’ , was courteously persuaded to walk ahead , [while] the tall and comely philips behind him pointed over his head ‘ so that the officers who sat at the door might see that it was he whom they should take ; as the officers that took master tyndale afterwards told poyntz , they pitied to see his simplicity when they took him .

On one occasion the King 's Council , of which he was a member , ordered him to be committed to the Tower of London whilst charges of teaching heresies were examined .
on one occasion the king 's council , of which he was a member , ordered him to be committed to the tower of london [while] charges of teaching heresies were examined .

Whilst Hooker defended the Church 's beliefs and practices in the name of reason , Andrewes went further and boldly asserted that the Anglican Church was part of a Catholic and Universal Church and was maintaining its true traditions which had been corrupted by Rome .
[while] hooker defended the church 's beliefs and practices in the name of reason , andrewes went further and boldly asserted that the anglican church was part of a catholic and universal church and was maintaining its true traditions which had been corrupted by rome .

Whilst continuing to hold these positions he was from 1589 to 1605 Master of Pembroke Hall , Cambridge .
[while] continuing to hold these positions he was from 1589 to 1605 master of pembroke hall , cambridge .

In addition to these sermons on the principal Holy Days of the Church , Andrewes preached before the King each year on the anniversary of the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot and on that of James 's escape whilst King of Scotland from an attempt to murder him by the Earl of Gowrie and his brother .
in addition to these sermons on the principal holy days of the church , andrewes preached before the king each year on the anniversary of the discovery of the gunpowder plot and on that of james 's escape [while] king of scotland from an attempt to murder him by the earl of gowrie and his brother .

Whilst he was Dean of Westminster he would devote three or four evenings a week to teaching the older boys of Westminster School : one of them remembered how he also would take the younger ones with him for walks ‘ and in that wayfaring leisure had a singular dexterity to fill those narrow vessels with a funnel … .
[while] he was dean of westminster he would devote three or four evenings a week to teaching the older boys of westminster school : one of them remembered how he also would take the younger ones with him for walks ‘ and in that wayfaring leisure had a singular dexterity to fill those narrow vessels with a funnel … .

First he had to sort out the embarrassed financial affairs of his brother John , which had been neglected by the latter whilst working for the Company .
first he had to sort out the embarrassed financial affairs of his brother john , which had been neglected by the latter [while] working for the company .

He had also become closely attached whilst at Cambridge to the family of his married sister Susanna Collett , who lived nearby and delighted in the entertainment of scholars from the University .
he had also become closely attached [while] at cambridge to the family of his married sister susanna collett , who lived nearby and delighted in the entertainment of scholars from the university .

Whilst others were only allowed to keep the night watch once each week , Nicholas undertook it three times .
[while] others were only allowed to keep the night watch once each week , nicholas undertook it three times .

Whilst these proposals were still before the King , the army marched on London and expelled the leading Presbyterians from the House of Commons so that it came under the control of the Independents .
[while] these proposals were still before the king , the army marched on london and expelled the leading presbyterians from the house of commons so that it came under the control of the independents .

Whilst the stipend supported him and his growing family , he probably never resided there but served as a chaplain in the Royal Army ; in this capacity he was taken prisoner in 1645 in an attack on Cardigan Castle in Wales .
[while] the stipend supported him and his growing family , he probably never resided there but served as a chaplain in the royal army ; in this capacity he was taken prisoner in 1645 in an attack on cardigan castle in wales .

In 1645 , when he was sixteen , he was conscripted into the Parliamentary Army whilst it was being reorganised by Cromwell .
in 1645 , when he was sixteen , he was conscripted into the parliamentary army [while] it was being reorganised by cromwell .

In his later years Bunyan spent much of his time visiting and overseeing nearby congregations , whilst his son worked the forge .
in his later years bunyan spent much of his time visiting and overseeing nearby congregations , [while] his son worked the forge .

Whilst Bunyan might have rejoiced at being used to belabour the inanities and vanities of the Church of England , it is difficult to know what he would have thought of being commemorated by memorial windows in Elstow parish church and Westminster Abbey .
[while] bunyan might have rejoiced at being used to belabour the inanities and vanities of the church of england , it is difficult to know what he would have thought of being commemorated by memorial windows in elstow parish church and westminster abbey .

Another of the Tractarian poets , Isaac Williams , reflected pathetically on visiting Ken 's tomb , whilst a similar visit by Richard Monckton Milnes , the future Man of Letters Lord Houghton , produced a poem exceeding Ken at his most bathetic and beginning ,
another of the tractarian poets , isaac williams , reflected pathetically on visiting ken 's tomb , [while] a similar visit by richard monckton milnes , the future man of letters lord houghton , produced a poem exceeding ken at his most bathetic and beginning ,

Winsor & and ; Newton will be creating six ‘ mini studios ’ , each one dedicated to a different medium , where you will be able to sit down for 20 minutes and try out the materials whilst getting expert tuition in a small group .
winsor & and ; newton will be creating six ‘ mini studios ’ , each one dedicated to a different medium , where you will be able to sit down for 20 minutes and try out the materials [while] getting expert tuition in a small group .

Some manufacturers believe the handling properties of the paint are improved by the use of cold pressed oil whilst others believe refined to be superior .
some manufacturers believe the handling properties of the paint are improved by the use of cold pressed oil [while] others believe refined to be superior .

Some artists prefer the springy sensitivity of an open canvas whilst others prefer the hardness or smoothness of a board .
some artists prefer the springy sensitivity of an open canvas [while] others prefer the hardness or smoothness of a board .

Whilst celebrating the ordinary , she happens upon the marvellous .
[while] celebrating the ordinary , she happens upon the marvellous .

Messrs Lyall and McGiven will soon realise that you can only get away with boring , negative football whilst is bring results — ask John Duncan .
messrs lyall and mcgiven will soon realise that you can only get away with boring , negative football [while] is bring results — ask john duncan .

Messrs Lyall and McGiven will soon realise that you can only get away with boring , negative football whilst it bring results — ask John Duncan .
messrs lyall and mcgiven will soon realise that you can only get away with boring , negative football [while] it bring results — ask john duncan .

British imperialism in Ireland , whilst an erratically popular issue for the left , albeit as a practice ground for the more exciting nationalist struggles further afield , was certainly not a serious issue for concerned English feminists .
british imperialism in ireland , [while] an erratically popular issue for the left , albeit as a practice ground for the more exciting nationalist struggles further afield , was certainly not a serious issue for concerned english feminists .

The single women who hitherto had been considered a good influence on the girls were relegated to obscurity whilst the married heterosexual women were left to emerge as the ( acceptable and healthy ) role models .
the single women who hitherto had been considered a good influence on the girls were relegated to obscurity [while] the married heterosexual women were left to emerge as the ( acceptable and healthy ) role models .

Women youth workers , both lesbian and heterosexual , had almost disappeared , and this all in the name of ‘ fair play for men ’ which heterosexual women claim , whilst simultaneously denying lesbian energy , strength and commitment .
women youth workers , both lesbian and heterosexual , had almost disappeared , and this all in the name of ‘ fair play for men ’ which heterosexual women claim , [while] simultaneously denying lesbian energy , strength and commitment .

In short lesbians and gay men are assumed to influence young people over their sexuality , whilst heterosexuals assume themselves to be neutral .
in short lesbians and gay men are assumed to influence young people over their sexuality , [while] heterosexuals assume themselves to be neutral .

We did n't yet know how to challenge the anti-lesbianism from the very heterosexual colleagues we depended on , or indeed how to challenge heterosexual Black women 's anti-lesbianism whilst maintaining a challenge to racism .
we did n't yet know how to challenge the anti-lesbianism from the very heterosexual colleagues we depended on , or indeed how to challenge heterosexual black women 's anti-lesbianism [while] maintaining a challenge to racism .

Just as important , gay men are beginning to recognize other connections as they come to understand male sexual abuse and male violence , whilst white lesbians are making the connections with their racism .
just as important , gay men are beginning to recognize other connections as they come to understand male sexual abuse and male violence , [while] white lesbians are making the connections with their racism .

Whilst external social factors may be of some relevance to the management , even control , of the behaviour of those afflicted , the harsh fact is that external social influences play little part in its onset or progress .
[while] external social factors may be of some relevance to the management , even control , of the behaviour of those afflicted , the harsh fact is that external social influences play little part in its onset or progress .

Thus , whilst acknowledging that ageism creates problems for both men and women , it is important to pay special attention to the effect of gender on this and , in particular , to interaction of ageism and sexism .
thus , [while] acknowledging that ageism creates problems for both men and women , it is important to pay special attention to the effect of gender on this and , in particular , to interaction of ageism and sexism .

Yet most would agree that , whilst good intentions flourish , we have barely begun a process to which sensitising staff is the key .
yet most would agree that , [while] good intentions flourish , we have barely begun a process to which sensitising staff is the key .

Whilst things go smoothly , much of this goes without attention , but wars , strikes and other disruptions periodically jolt us .
[while] things go smoothly , much of this goes without attention , but wars , strikes and other disruptions periodically jolt us .

Whilst these problems arise acutely for family carers , who are so often grievously isolated socially , they are also salient to care staff in institutions , especially when staffing levels are inadequate .
[while] these problems arise acutely for family carers , who are so often grievously isolated socially , they are also salient to care staff in institutions , especially when staffing levels are inadequate .

Whilst it has been made clear that in this group both men and women assume caring roles , feminists have rightly pointed out that some of the dilemmas and problems are worse for women , not least because social conventions have not ascribed the same significance to employment for women as for men .
[while] it has been made clear that in this group both men and women assume caring roles , feminists have rightly pointed out that some of the dilemmas and problems are worse for women , not least because social conventions have not ascribed the same significance to employment for women as for men .

Whilst accepting the need not to impose more general duties on local authorities when there are severe resource constraints , it may be that some greater legal specificity is required .
[while] accepting the need not to impose more general duties on local authorities when there are severe resource constraints , it may be that some greater legal specificity is required .

The rarity of tools is particularly emphasised by the numbers of woodworking tools found in both settlements and cemeteries ; whilst carpentry was a skill demonstrated in the construction of houses and fine items like cups of stave construction , woodworking tools are extremely rare .
the rarity of tools is particularly emphasised by the numbers of woodworking tools found in both settlements and cemeteries ; [while] carpentry was a skill demonstrated in the construction of houses and fine items like cups of stave construction , woodworking tools are extremely rare .

Two basic fabric types were used , one silty the other sandy ; most of the former occur at Illington , whilst others were ‘ traded ’ further afield into neighbouring valleys .
two basic fabric types were used , one silty the other sandy ; most of the former occur at illington , [while] others were ‘ traded ’ further afield into neighbouring valleys .

It may be of use to compare the regional groupings of brooch types with those areas which are revealed as high consumers of imported luxury goods ; whilst such a correlation tells us nothing about the mode of production of the brooches , it does provide some articulation to the distribution maps .
it may be of use to compare the regional groupings of brooch types with those areas which are revealed as high consumers of imported luxury goods ; [while] such a correlation tells us nothing about the mode of production of the brooches , it does provide some articulation to the distribution maps .

Shakenoak produced iron-working debris ( Cleere 1972 ) , whilst at Wakerley and Mucking there were shaft furnaces .
shakenoak produced iron-working debris ( cleere 1972 ) , [while] at wakerley and mucking there were shaft furnaces .

Whilst a quiet revolution in terms of style has taken place at Allied , one thing has n't changed .
[while] a quiet revolution in terms of style has taken place at allied , one thing has n't changed .

Flower sprigged fabrics in pastel colours create a relaxing background , whilst dark mahogany toned furniture adds a feeling of rich tradition .
flower sprigged fabrics in pastel colours create a relaxing background , [while] dark mahogany toned furniture adds a feeling of rich tradition .

Whilst the leaflet is accurate at the date of printing , specification/appearance may be changed in the interest of continued improvement .
[while] the leaflet is accurate at the date of printing , specification/appearance may be changed in the interest of continued improvement .

This ‘ sensing ’ system is linked to a lid ‘ Shut-Off Valve , ’ so that if the lid is accidentally closed with a hotplate burner still on , the gas to the hotplate shuts off immediately and stays off whilst the lid is down .
this ‘ sensing ’ system is linked to a lid ‘ shut-off valve , ’ so that if the lid is accidentally closed with a hotplate burner still on , the gas to the hotplate shuts off immediately and stays off [while] the lid is down .

Should any major spills occur whilst you are cooking , these will collect in the central spillage tray beneath .
should any major spills occur [while] you are cooking , these will collect in the central spillage tray beneath .

Whilst only an hour 's journey away lies the stately city of Aberdeen with its excellent restaurants , theatres and stores altogether a refreshing diversion when you want a brief reminder of city life … before returning to the secluded haven of your own lodge .
[while] only an hour 's journey away lies the stately city of aberdeen with its excellent restaurants , theatres and stores altogether a refreshing diversion when you want a brief reminder of city life … before returning to the secluded haven of your own lodge .

Whilst the lion cub 's mother can hunt for what she needs , your kitten depends on you .
[while] the lion cub 's mother can hunt for what she needs , your kitten depends on you .

They replace essential moisture whilst forming a protective layer to hold it in .
they replace essential moisture [while] forming a protective layer to hold it in .

Whilst our Samphire and Mallow moisturising cream , with its light blend of oils and waxes , will immediately restore the skin 's emollient feel .
[while] our samphire and mallow moisturising cream , with its light blend of oils and waxes , will immediately restore the skin 's emollient feel .

It soothes and provides a feeling of comfort whilst also conditioning the lashes .
it soothes and provides a feeling of comfort [while] also conditioning the lashes .

Sprinkle on the gravy granules whilst stirring .
sprinkle on the gravy granules [while] stirring .

Whilst Pete the Painter 's Dulux
[while] pete the painter 's dulux

Of the five mixes , three are nail-bitingly exciting , whilst the remaining two are absolute trouts .
of the five mixes , three are nail-bitingly exciting , [while] the remaining two are absolute trouts .

Connelly 's haunting , purposeful vocals seep out of the cut at strange angles , spoken rather than sung , whilst the melody is bolstered by seductive female whispers that gently flit past , all knotted together over a boomy bass laden communication .
connelly 's haunting , purposeful vocals seep out of the cut at strange angles , spoken rather than sung , [while] the melody is bolstered by seductive female whispers that gently flit past , all knotted together over a boomy bass laden communication .

On the plus side , Goldie Hawn gets to do what she 's best at ( namely , being ditzy and hyperactive ) whilst Martin 's trademark hang-dog mooch is perfectly suited to Davies ' ridiculous predicament .
on the plus side , goldie hawn gets to do what she 's best at ( namely , being ditzy and hyperactive ) [while] martin 's trademark hang-dog mooch is perfectly suited to davies ' ridiculous predicament .

On a stage draped in regal red velvet and gold tassels , Kingmaker deliver the old faithfuls whilst mixing in new material from their forthcoming album .
on a stage draped in regal red velvet and gold tassels , kingmaker deliver the old faithfuls [while] mixing in new material from their forthcoming album .

Changes which , whilst they may be confusing to those of you seeking a place at university , poly or college , also offer advantages for all .
changes which , [while] they may be confusing to those of you seeking a place at university , poly or college , also offer advantages for all .

Please note that smoking is not permitted whilst on the coach ( except by the drivers ! )
please note that smoking is not permitted [while] on the coach ( except by the drivers ! )

Bexfield 's scissors offer a high level of strength , whilst long handles provide all the necessary leverage to transmit power to the points of the blades .
bexfield 's scissors offer a high level of strength , [while] long handles provide all the necessary leverage to transmit power to the points of the blades .

Whilst this is on the screen , you will also hear the disk spinning in the disk drive .
[while] this is on the screen , you will also hear the disk spinning in the disk drive .

The ‘ non-active ’ mode is used for moving around the screen whilst the ‘ active ’ mode is required to actually plot a point .
the ‘ non-active ’ mode is used for moving around the screen [while] the ‘ active ’ mode is required to actually plot a point .

Whilst flying back from visiting relatives in Denmark on my very first trip abroad , the second worst nightmare happened .
[while] flying back from visiting relatives in denmark on my very first trip abroad , the second worst nightmare happened .

Hathor was also thought to dispense food and drink to the dead as they passed into the Afterworld , and some papyri show her either licking a newly dead soul or offering comforting suck from her udder , whilst in her guise as a cow .
hathor was also thought to dispense food and drink to the dead as they passed into the afterworld , and some papyri show her either licking a newly dead soul or offering comforting suck from her udder , [while] in her guise as a cow .

In 1807 the British again returned to Madeira under the command of General Sir William Carr Beresford , who had already won a great reputation whilst still under forty years of age .
in 1807 the british again returned to madeira under the command of general sir william carr beresford , who had already won a great reputation [while] still under forty years of age .

Unfortunately Shackleton died whilst still in the Antarctic on 5 January 1922 , and so he never did search for the treasure .
unfortunately shackleton died [while] still in the antarctic on 5 january 1922 , and so he never did search for the treasure .

Whilst in Madeira , Sir Winston was loaned the Leacock family 's Rolls-Royce , the boot of which he transformed into a bar .
[while] in madeira , sir winston was loaned the leacock family 's rolls-royce , the boot of which he transformed into a bar .

Whilst at public school , the young Joe Strummer was an avid stamp collector .
[while] at public school , the young joe strummer was an avid stamp collector .

With a gang of laddish stooges grooving alongside to encourage him , Barry continued to lord it over the stage , munching an apple whilst reclining against the drum riser or simply feigning sleep flat on his back .
with a gang of laddish stooges grooving alongside to encourage him , barry continued to lord it over the stage , munching an apple [while] reclining against the drum riser or simply feigning sleep flat on his back .

He reported that he had had to wait , hidden in the Murdostoun woodland , whilst Balliol 's army marched southwards across his front , hence the delay .
he reported that he had had to wait , hidden in the murdostoun woodland , [while] balliol 's army marched southwards across his front , hence the delay .

Murray decided that he himself would go after the usurper , as was suitable , the lawful Regent after the false king , with perhaps one thousand hard-riding Border mosstroopers who knew the country , whilst the rest of the Scots army went on down Annandale after the main enemy force .
murray decided that he himself would go after the usurper , as was suitable , the lawful regent after the false king , with perhaps one thousand hard-riding border mosstroopers who knew the country , [while] the rest of the scots army went on down annandale after the main enemy force .

There was something of a problem as to whom to appoint in command of the army whilst the Regent was absent .
there was something of a problem as to whom to appoint in command of the army [while] the regent was absent .

It seemed at first sight to be a chaos of struggling men and horses , a wild mêlée ; but soon it became apparent to the newcomers that it was in fact more like a whirlpool of activity , with the ambushed English , above whom the royal standard wavered uncertainly , in the centre , whilst their more numerous attackers circled round them , smiting and thrusting but apparently making only moderate impact .
it seemed at first sight to be a chaos of struggling men and horses , a wild mêlée ; but soon it became apparent to the newcomers that it was in fact more like a whirlpool of activity , with the ambushed english , above whom the royal standard wavered uncertainly , in the centre , [while] their more numerous attackers circled round them , smiting and thrusting but apparently making only moderate impact .

At the river 's edge , whilst the party was reassembling and being marshalled behind them , the leaders went to peer across .
at the river 's edge , [while] the party was reassembling and being marshalled behind them , the leaders went to peer across .

So two-thirds of the attackers moved round , as silently as they could , under the high perimeter walling , to the front of the establishment , whilst the remainder , leaving a small guard on the horses , went in the other direction , west-about , to the area of the broken-down curtain walls , nearer at hand .
so two-thirds of the attackers moved round , as silently as they could , under the high perimeter walling , to the front of the establishment , [while] the remainder , leaving a small guard on the horses , went in the other direction , west-about , to the area of the broken-down curtain walls , nearer at hand .

He had had his ventures and connections with young women in the past , enjoying them usually whilst remaining heart-whole .
he had had his ventures and connections with young women in the past , enjoying them usually [while] remaining heart-whole .

Ramsay explained that his lordship 's goodbrother , the Earl of Moray , had desired to see his sister the Countess whilst in the vicinity , as was but natural ; and while there , they had learned that the defences of the castle were being strengthened , in view of possible attack by the English , and they had offered such small help as they could in this excellent work in the realm 's interest .
ramsay explained that his lordship 's goodbrother , the earl of moray , had desired to see his sister the countess [while] in the vicinity , as was but natural ; and while there , they had learned that the defences of the castle were being strengthened , in view of possible attack by the english , and they had offered such small help as they could in this excellent work in the realm 's interest .

Whilst large sums of money were voted by Parliament to establish and keep Uhuru and the Nationalist going , MPs always showed extreme reluctance to extend that generosity to radio .
[while] large sums of money were voted by parliament to establish and keep uhuru and the nationalist going , mps always showed extreme reluctance to extend that generosity to radio .

Arthur Scargill put it that ‘ Whilst we exist in a capitalist society we have to extract from that society the highest possible reward for the labour power that we sell , whilst at the same time trying to change the society .
arthur scargill put it that ‘ [while] we exist in a capitalist society we have to extract from that society the highest possible reward for the labour power that we sell , [while] at the same time trying to change the society .

On 10 September 1981 ( the date of his acquittal ! ) , an action was brought by the company against Mr Fowler and the eight former employees alleging an unlawful conspiracy and breach of implied terms of contract that they would faithfully serve Faccenda Chicken Ltd and ‘ would not use confidential information and/or trade secrets gained by them and each of them whilst in the company 's employment to the disadvantage or detriment of the company , whether during the currency of such employment or after its cessation ’ .
on 10 september 1981 ( the date of his acquittal ! ) , an action was brought by the company against mr fowler and the eight former employees alleging an unlawful conspiracy and breach of implied terms of contract that they would faithfully serve faccenda chicken ltd and ‘ would not use confidential information and/or trade secrets gained by them and each of them [while] in the company 's employment to the disadvantage or detriment of the company , whether during the currency of such employment or after its cessation ’ .

To the last it raised no objection but it did point out that it might lead to long-serving drivers being made redundant whilst drivers with shorter service at other quarries were retained .
to the last it raised no objection but it did point out that it might lead to long-serving drivers being made redundant [while] drivers with shorter service at other quarries were retained .

Holding that the dismissals were fair , the tribunal said that , whilst it accepted that the union did not specifically accept what was proposed by the company , it concluded that , by its continuing and sustained silence over a period of a month , the union had agreed to the compulsory redundancies being handled in the way the company had proposed .
holding that the dismissals were fair , the tribunal said that , [while] it accepted that the union did not specifically accept what was proposed by the company , it concluded that , by its continuing and sustained silence over a period of a month , the union had agreed to the compulsory redundancies being handled in the way the company had proposed .

Because the job is only part-time Sally can do it whilst the children are at school .
because the job is only part-time sally can do it [while] the children are at school .

Get them to read this exercise whilst you try to imagine what they are saying .
get them to read this exercise [while] you try to imagine what they are saying .

The list is endless-but every activity you may have undertaken whilst at home will offer an employer some benefit .
the list is endless-but every activity you may have undertaken [while] at home will offer an employer some benefit .

Your application will be even better supported if you can give examples of when you 've had to work on your own , as when decorating your new house or when preparing the accounts of a small business whilst at home with your children .
your application will be even better supported if you can give examples of when you 've had to work on your own , as when decorating your new house or when preparing the accounts of a small business [while] at home with your children .

Be prepared to ‘ fall off your bike ’ a few times whilst you are learning .
be prepared to ‘ fall off your bike ’ a few times [while] you are learning .

Finally , your attitude will affect how successful you are in achieving what you want and achieving the plans that you have already made whilst working through this book .
finally , your attitude will affect how successful you are in achieving what you want and achieving the plans that you have already made [while] working through this book .

Carmen 's Celly Massager , £39.99 — one half of this gadget has five spring-loaded spheres which gently rotate and massage whilst the other half has 47 microfingers to stimulate the circulation .
carmen 's celly massager , £39.99 — one half of this gadget has five spring-loaded spheres which gently rotate and massage [while] the other half has 47 microfingers to stimulate the circulation .

The Black Death exacerbated the situation ; whilst there was no shortage of souls to pray for , endowments slackened off , owing to some of the wealthy dying intestate .
the black death exacerbated the situation ; [while] there was no shortage of souls to pray for , endowments slackened off , owing to some of the wealthy dying intestate .

Some villages — such as Little Gaddesden in Hertfordshire — were totally wiped out , whilst others were very badly hit , with as much as a third of the population dying .
some villages — such as little gaddesden in hertfordshire — were totally wiped out , [while] others were very badly hit , with as much as a third of the population dying .

The College of Arms set and maintained a rigid scale of funerary etiquette : the obsequies of a royal duke would have been more complicated — and costly — than that of an earl , whilst a viscount 's cortège would have exceeded in complexity that of a baron .
the college of arms set and maintained a rigid scale of funerary etiquette : the obsequies of a royal duke would have been more complicated — and costly — than that of an earl , [while] a viscount 's cortège would have exceeded in complexity that of a baron .

How they were used is not generally agreed upon , for , whilst the obverse of some of these cards — ‘ shopkeepers ' bills ’ as they were known by the eighteenth-century tradesmen — were sometimes utilized as an invoice to the purchaser , the majority surviving in public and private collections were not .
how they were used is not generally agreed upon , for , [while] the obverse of some of these cards — ‘ shopkeepers ' bills ’ as they were known by the eighteenth-century tradesmen — were sometimes utilized as an invoice to the purchaser , the majority surviving in public and private collections were not .

Yet whilst certain cabinet-makers and upholsterers occasionally furnished funerals there is no evidence to show that iron founders did likewise .
yet [while] certain cabinet-makers and upholsterers occasionally furnished funerals there is no evidence to show that iron founders did likewise .

Where the latter did keep shop , he might also double up as the local undertaker , as was the case in Essex between 1770–88 at Great Clacton , Thorpe , Toppesfield and Weeley , whilst the London precedent of upholders furnishing funerals ( in addition to their established role of auctioneers and general tradesmen ) was evident at Chelmsford and Halstead .
where the latter did keep shop , he might also double up as the local undertaker , as was the case in essex between 1770–88 at great clacton , thorpe , toppesfield and weeley , [while] the london precedent of upholders furnishing funerals ( in addition to their established role of auctioneers and general tradesmen ) was evident at chelmsford and halstead .

Whilst Robert Legg Snr and his cronies were enjoying a short-lived grandeur within the ill-fated United Company of Undertakers , the Upholders ’ Company continued to support those members who furnished funerals as part of their everyday trade , though their list of admissions does not identify persons trading as coffin-makers or undertakers though they did admit upholders and mercers , who included funeral furnishing as a sideline to their main trade .
[while] robert legg snr and his cronies were enjoying a short-lived grandeur within the ill-fated united company of undertakers , the upholders ’ company continued to support those members who furnished funerals as part of their everyday trade , though their list of admissions does not identify persons trading as coffin-makers or undertakers though they did admit upholders and mercers , who included funeral furnishing as a sideline to their main trade .

Here Gibson is shown attending to clients , whilst to the left of the shop can be seen two painted hatchments of the type offered up on the house of the deceased , with two smaller shields above of painted canvas mounted on black velvet , as applied to the palls of the nobility and others entitled to bear arms .
here gibson is shown attending to clients , [while] to the left of the shop can be seen two painted hatchments of the type offered up on the house of the deceased , with two smaller shields above of painted canvas mounted on black velvet , as applied to the palls of the nobility and others entitled to bear arms .

Barnard 's shop would have had shutters , whilst the pavement-level trapdoor allowed for the delivery of ready-made coffins .
barnard 's shop would have had shutters , [while] the pavement-level trapdoor allowed for the delivery of ready-made coffins .

To the left of the sash window and to the far right of the plate are stacked more coffin boards , probably of elm or oak , whilst the four half-lids are templates , as is the kerf-guide on the wall to the left of the chimney-breast .
to the left of the sash window and to the far right of the plate are stacked more coffin boards , probably of elm or oak , [while] the four half-lids are templates , as is the kerf-guide on the wall to the left of the chimney-breast .

Taking items at random , for 17 shillings one got a ‘ good inch elm Coffin , smoothed , oiled , and finished with one row round of black or white nails , a plate of inscription , four handles , lined and pillow ’ ; whilst for £9 one could buy the pièce de résistance , a ‘ 1½ inch Oak Case , covered with superfine cloth , finished three rows all round , and six ornamental diamonds , with best nails , lead or brass plate , glory and urn , four pairs of cherub handles , and four dozen rays or stars ’ .
taking items at random , for 17 shillings one got a ‘ good inch elm coffin , smoothed , oiled , and finished with one row round of black or white nails , a plate of inscription , four handles , lined and pillow ’ ; [while] for £9 one could buy the pièce de résistance , a ‘ 1½ inch oak case , covered with superfine cloth , finished three rows all round , and six ornamental diamonds , with best nails , lead or brass plate , glory and urn , four pairs of cherub handles , and four dozen rays or stars ’ .

The sixteenth-century shroud was a voluminous sheet , gathered at the head and foot ends in a knot ; those of the eighteenth century were more tailored , with sleeves and draw-strings ; whilst in the nineteenth century they were fully fashioned .
the sixteenth-century shroud was a voluminous sheet , gathered at the head and foot ends in a knot ; those of the eighteenth century were more tailored , with sleeves and draw-strings ; [while] in the nineteenth century they were fully fashioned .

Beneath the table , hard up against the back of the monument , is Henry Cavendish 's skeleton , executed with some precision in marble , whilst in front is a truly magnificent image of the First Earl in the latest fashion for the grave .
beneath the table , hard up against the back of the monument , is henry cavendish 's skeleton , executed with some precision in marble , [while] in front is a truly magnificent image of the first earl in the latest fashion for the grave .

Linen , when new , had a certain quantity of starch applied , thereby making it slightly stiff whilst remaining pliable ; wrapped in such material a body would be given a neat , crisp appearance and presentable for viewing , the shroud being drawn away from the features for this purpose .
linen , when new , had a certain quantity of starch applied , thereby making it slightly stiff [while] remaining pliable ; wrapped in such material a body would be given a neat , crisp appearance and presentable for viewing , the shroud being drawn away from the features for this purpose .

Recent vault clearances of over 2,000 coffins of the period 1729–1865 from St Marylebone Parish Church and Christchurch , Spitalfields , 18 exhibit a change in attitude ; for here , whilst it was not unusual to find wedding rings and dentures in situ , there were two instances — both men — of day-clothes having been used in place of the shroud : one in military uniform , the other an octogenarian macaroni with his walking stick , sporting an outfit more suited to a man sixty years his junior , as did the coiffure of his wig .
recent vault clearances of over 2,000 coffins of the period 1729–1865 from st marylebone parish church and christchurch , spitalfields , 18 exhibit a change in attitude ; for here , [while] it was not unusual to find wedding rings and dentures in situ , there were two instances — both men — of day-clothes having been used in place of the shroud : one in military uniform , the other an octogenarian macaroni with his walking stick , sporting an outfit more suited to a man sixty years his junior , as did the coiffure of his wig .

It was a dismal yet necessary task , and whilst one can imagine a young woman 's producing such items for herself and her future husband , it is more difficult for us to accept that she probably also fashioned one or two smaller versions at the same time , for infant mortality was high .
it was a dismal yet necessary task , and [while] one can imagine a young woman 's producing such items for herself and her future husband , it is more difficult for us to accept that she probably also fashioned one or two smaller versions at the same time , for infant mortality was high .

Whilst Sarah Hare left a perfect template for a gentlewoman 's funeral , Hannah Deane of High Ongar , Essex , went even further when it came to the specification for her coffin .
[while] sarah hare left a perfect template for a gentlewoman 's funeral , hannah deane of high ongar , essex , went even further when it came to the specification for her coffin .

The same applies to the upholstering of the outer flat-lidded shaped-shouldered velvet-covered cases of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , though some coffin-makers and funeral furnishers did have their own patterns when it came to the application of the round-headed upholstery pins — as noticed in the east Gostling vault beneath St John 's Church , Egham , Surrey , used from 1817–41 , where each of the five coffins had a similar cross motif between the three side panels — whilst others introduced variety through the use of two complementary colours of velvet .
the same applies to the upholstering of the outer flat-lidded shaped-shouldered velvet-covered cases of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , though some coffin-makers and funeral furnishers did have their own patterns when it came to the application of the round-headed upholstery pins — as noticed in the east gostling vault beneath st john 's church , egham , surrey , used from 1817–41 , where each of the five coffins had a similar cross motif between the three side panels — [while] others introduced variety through the use of two complementary colours of velvet .

Whilst some attempt has been made to define both stomach and breasts , the hands are wanting .
[while] some attempt has been made to define both stomach and breasts , the hands are wanting .

Only in a few instances were brass or copper depositum plates provided , for it was more usual to outline the initials , date of death and age of the occupant on to the lid with black-headed upholstery nails with the possible addition of a skull and crossbones outlined at the head of the lid , whilst the sides were decorated with a single row of close-set nails all round .
only in a few instances were brass or copper depositum plates provided , for it was more usual to outline the initials , date of death and age of the occupant on to the lid with black-headed upholstery nails with the possible addition of a skull and crossbones outlined at the head of the lid , [while] the sides were decorated with a single row of close-set nails all round .

Cases of this type have been recorded in many vaults whilst another , of 1678 to Francis Osbaston , High Sheriff of Essex , was discovered in an earth-cut grave at Little Ilford , Essex , during excavations in 1984 prior to the site 's reordering .
cases of this type have been recorded in many vaults [while] another , of 1678 to francis osbaston , high sheriff of essex , was discovered in an earth-cut grave at little ilford , essex , during excavations in 1984 prior to the site 's reordering .

Whilst the royal funerals continued to be furnished ‘ in-house ’ by the Lord Chamberlain via the royal upholders , there were a number of top-quality cabinet-makers , mercers and upholders willing to undertake the organization of funerals for members of the nobility and the landed gentry as an extension to their established clients ; so it is not surprising that Chippendale , for example , also furnished funerals if called upon to do so .
[while] the royal funerals continued to be furnished ‘ in-house ’ by the lord chamberlain via the royal upholders , there were a number of top-quality cabinet-makers , mercers and upholders willing to undertake the organization of funerals for members of the nobility and the landed gentry as an extension to their established clients ; so it is not surprising that chippendale , for example , also furnished funerals if called upon to do so .

Whilst coffins of this type were produced for vault and brick-lined shaft deposit they were also required for intramural earth-cut graves ; one such example from the 1820s was discovered during the excavations at St Mary 's Church , Little Ilford , Essex in 1984 .
[while] coffins of this type were produced for vault and brick-lined shaft deposit they were also required for intramural earth-cut graves ; one such example from the 1820s was discovered during the excavations at st mary 's church , little ilford , essex in 1984 .

One such funerary coronet still sits on its tasselled cushion atop the coffin of the Earl of Clare in the 1837 catacombs at Kensal Green , whilst a very fine , though late , specimen of 1915 sits on the top of the Dowbiggen & Holland coffin of Rosa , Countess Poulett , at Hinton St George .
one such funerary coronet still sits on its tasselled cushion atop the coffin of the earl of clare in the 1837 catacombs at kensal green , [while] a very fine , though late , specimen of 1915 sits on the top of the dowbiggen & holland coffin of rosa , countess poulett , at hinton st george .

Lavender oil for instance is relaxing and antiseptic and will help heal spots , whilst neroli obtained from orange blossom works well on dry skin and is said to be an anti-depressant too .
lavender oil for instance is relaxing and antiseptic and will help heal spots , [while] neroli obtained from orange blossom works well on dry skin and is said to be an anti-depressant too .

Moisturising thyme oil has been added to the Perfect Performance Powder Creme Foundation £2.99 , for instance , whilst the Colour Rich Lipstick , £1.99 , incorporates softening rosehip oil .
moisturising thyme oil has been added to the perfect performance powder creme foundation £2.99 , for instance , [while] the colour rich lipstick , £1.99 , incorporates softening rosehip oil .

Novena Shampoo , £2.69/250ml , is a mild , frequent use formula , whilst the Conditioner , £2.99/250ml , contains natural marigold extract , known for its soothing effects on the scalp .
novena shampoo , £2.69/250ml , is a mild , frequent use formula , [while] the conditioner , £2.99/250ml , contains natural marigold extract , known for its soothing effects on the scalp .

Formerly , large enterprises usually had little difficulty in getting their requirements met , whilst small users struggled to get their often very specific needs fulfilled .
formerly , large enterprises usually had little difficulty in getting their requirements met , [while] small users struggled to get their often very specific needs fulfilled .

Whilst this particular breed of company may be able to deliver efficient , cross-platform solutions , the trouble is that they are mostly too small to have any major significance for the industry as a whole .
[while] this particular breed of company may be able to deliver efficient , cross-platform solutions , the trouble is that they are mostly too small to have any major significance for the industry as a whole .

It already had a well-developed product on the market , whilst its rivals were struggling to get one onto the drawing board .
it already had a well-developed product on the market , [while] its rivals were struggling to get one onto the drawing board .

If you press the Control key whilst performing the drag ‘ n ’ drop , the selected cells will be copied , and pressing the Shift key inserts extra cells .
if you press the control key [while] performing the drag ‘ n ’ drop , the selected cells will be copied , and pressing the shift key inserts extra cells .

Whilst most of this macro was created using the Macro Record facility , the sections which deal with the path and document name were added by loading the macro as a file and then typing them in .
[while] most of this macro was created using the macro record facility , the sections which deal with the path and document name were added by loading the macro as a file and then typing them in .

At the same time a good many Sussex , and indeed Essex , wage earners were comparatively well paid , not least in the households of magnates like Lord La Warr at Offington and Lord Marney at Layer Marney ; the structure of wealth in the little town of Arundel attests to the prosperity generated by the great Fitzalan family , whose seat was the castle there , whilst Chichester city contained not only skilled artisans but also men employed in various capacities in and around the cathedral .
at the same time a good many sussex , and indeed essex , wage earners were comparatively well paid , not least in the households of magnates like lord la warr at offington and lord marney at layer marney ; the structure of wealth in the little town of arundel attests to the prosperity generated by the great fitzalan family , whose seat was the castle there , [while] chichester city contained not only skilled artisans but also men employed in various capacities in and around the cathedral .

Whilst the smallest kind of town can only have served as a market point , those with populations exceeding 500 usually provided more extensive services to their localities , and some had developed specialised manufactures even if on a modest scale .
[while] the smallest kind of town can only have served as a market point , those with populations exceeding 500 usually provided more extensive services to their localities , and some had developed specialised manufactures even if on a modest scale .

If a common phenomenon , this goes some way towards accounting for the ingrained belief that such growth engendered serious economic and social problems , not least Carew 's conviction that the opening of tin workings impoverished a parish , whilst their discontinuance restored prosperity .
if a common phenomenon , this goes some way towards accounting for the ingrained belief that such growth engendered serious economic and social problems , not least carew 's conviction that the opening of tin workings impoverished a parish , [while] their discontinuance restored prosperity .

Whilst their families were moved into tower blocks or disappeared to the suburbs , skinheads tried to ‘ magically ’ reclaim this lost solidarity of the parent culture .
[while] their families were moved into tower blocks or disappeared to the suburbs , skinheads tried to ‘ magically ’ reclaim this lost solidarity of the parent culture .

Whilst for the teachers these lads are ‘ trouble makers ’ , the lads have their own interpretation :
[while] for the teachers these lads are ‘ trouble makers ’ , the lads have their own interpretation :

Whilst previous research had analysed how the workforce was reproduced — how young people became young workers — the problem now was to explain the consequences of Government schemes , new kinds of training and the responses to unemployment .
[while] previous research had analysed how the workforce was reproduced — how young people became young workers — the problem now was to explain the consequences of government schemes , new kinds of training and the responses to unemployment .

They were also much more likely to be unemployed — whilst 30 per cent of the white 16 — 19 year olds were out of work , 46 per cent of the West Indians and 35 per cent of the Asians in the same age group were .
they were also much more likely to be unemployed — [while] 30 per cent of the white 16 — 19 year olds were out of work , 46 per cent of the west indians and 35 per cent of the asians in the same age group were .

Whilst discussion of these issues leads us to draw in groups — such as women and young blacks — which have hitherto been neglected in studies of youth , it also means that that many of the original ideas and concepts need to be re-thought .
[while] discussion of these issues leads us to draw in groups — such as women and young blacks — which have hitherto been neglected in studies of youth , it also means that that many of the original ideas and concepts need to be re-thought .

Destroying several small Dwarf holds and looting the tombs of Dwarf ancestors , his forces roamed unopposed whilst the Dwarfs gathered their forces .
destroying several small dwarf holds and looting the tombs of dwarf ancestors , his forces roamed unopposed [while] the dwarfs gathered their forces .

It was probably whilst flying high over an approaching enemy that one Goblin got a bit carried away , and steering himself as best as he could with his crude wings , crashed right down onto the enemy army .
it was probably [while] flying high over an approaching enemy that one goblin got a bit carried away , and steering himself as best as he could with his crude wings , crashed right down onto the enemy army .

The High Elf player uses the High Elf army list , whilst his opponent uses his own list .
the high elf player uses the high elf army list , [while] his opponent uses his own list .

Both tables conceal significant variations in responses between readers of ‘ quality ’ and ‘ tabloid ’ newspapers ( Table 1.3 ) : the former remain wedded to their preferred medium , using it much more extensively as a means of surveying the world in depth , whilst readers of tabloid newspapers rely more heavily on television and also tend to attach greater credibility to it as a source of news ( Table 1.4 ) .
both tables conceal significant variations in responses between readers of ‘ quality ’ and ‘ tabloid ’ newspapers ( table 1.3 ) : the former remain wedded to their preferred medium , using it much more extensively as a means of surveying the world in depth , [while] readers of tabloid newspapers rely more heavily on television and also tend to attach greater credibility to it as a source of news ( table 1.4 ) .

Whilst Seymour-Ure 's approach is focused on individual case studies , he hints at but does not examine a range of important , but empirically not easily verifiable , effects of mass media in general , and of television in particular : effects which may be both cumulative and long-term .
[while] seymour-ure 's approach is focused on individual case studies , he hints at but does not examine a range of important , but empirically not easily verifiable , effects of mass media in general , and of television in particular : effects which may be both cumulative and long-term .

Those works derived from the broad Marxist tradition will pursue the theme of domination in capitalist societies , whilst pluralists will still shy away from generalizations , preferring detailed empirical work .
those works derived from the broad marxist tradition will pursue the theme of domination in capitalist societies , [while] pluralists will still shy away from generalizations , preferring detailed empirical work .

Whilst they are of the belief that regulation encourages diversity and underwrites artistic freedom , Brittan maintains that regulation is no different from censorship .
[while] they are of the belief that regulation encourages diversity and underwrites artistic freedom , brittan maintains that regulation is no different from censorship .

Whilst the theory of the ‘ fourth estate ’ placed the press in an antagonistic and inquisitional role to the state and its institutions , in practice in the 19th century , the press was ‘ a part of the political machine ’ .
[while] the theory of the ‘ fourth estate ’ placed the press in an antagonistic and inquisitional role to the state and its institutions , in practice in the 19th century , the press was ‘ a part of the political machine ’ .

Whilst this example is unique , it does serve to remind us that those who are editorially in charge of newspapers are sometimes , though perhaps not for long , able to lead the paper in directions which its masters do not always support or follow .
[while] this example is unique , it does serve to remind us that those who are editorially in charge of newspapers are sometimes , though perhaps not for long , able to lead the paper in directions which its masters do not always support or follow .

Those on the left who have dared not to act in moderation — the Hattons , Grants and Livingstones — have been violently pilloried , whilst their counterparts on the right — the Tebbits , the Brittans — have usually been seen as pioneers of reform .
those on the left who have dared not to act in moderation — the hattons , grants and livingstones — have been violently pilloried , [while] their counterparts on the right — the tebbits , the brittans — have usually been seen as pioneers of reform .

Whilst this does provide a picture of greater diversity of ownership ( and thus competition ) ( Table 4.3 ) , it also highlights aspects of concentration .
[while] this does provide a picture of greater diversity of ownership ( and thus competition ) ( table 4.3 ) , it also highlights aspects of concentration .

Industrial action , for example , is usually seen as reprehensible — ‘ the pressure exerted by trade unions … becomes a threat to democracy rather than part of it ’ — whilst the pressure exerted by business is overlooked .
industrial action , for example , is usually seen as reprehensible — ‘ the pressure exerted by trade unions … becomes a threat to democracy rather than part of it ’ — [while] the pressure exerted by business is overlooked .

Nevertheless , it is now clear that newspaper proprietors have successfully exploited the perception that there would be an abundance of new titles as a direct outcome of the ‘ new technology ’ whilst confidently bringing enormous structural changes to the industry .
nevertheless , it is now clear that newspaper proprietors have successfully exploited the perception that there would be an abundance of new titles as a direct outcome of the ‘ new technology ’ [while] confidently bringing enormous structural changes to the industry .

Booz , Allen & Hamilton was forced to close down its executive search division in 1980 , when serious problems surfaced as a result of trying to carry on a recruiting business whilst at the same time having 3000 management consultancy clients on their books , who were more or less off-limits from the point of view of providing candidates for headhunting .
booz , allen & hamilton was forced to close down its executive search division in 1980 , when serious problems surfaced as a result of trying to carry on a recruiting business [while] at the same time having 3000 management consultancy clients on their books , who were more or less off-limits from the point of view of providing candidates for headhunting .

Korn became the front-man of the organisation whilst Ferry was in charge of the back room ; both were previously involved in Peat Marwick Mitchell 's headhunting branch .
korn became the front-man of the organisation [while] ferry was in charge of the back room ; both were previously involved in peat marwick mitchell 's headhunting branch .

Russell Reynolds has achieved the highest fee income in the British market through adapting to the British way of doing things whilst retaining an American approach to marketing and business development ; it has achieved the former as effectively as Spencer Stuart and the latter as profitably as Korn/Ferry , to produce a combination more successful than either .
russell reynolds has achieved the highest fee income in the british market through adapting to the british way of doing things [while] retaining an american approach to marketing and business development ; it has achieved the former as effectively as spencer stuart and the latter as profitably as korn/ferry , to produce a combination more successful than either .

Examples of this are nowadays quoted in most of the newspapers — the 25–30 year-old trader who is earning £200 000–£400 000 whilst the person who runs the whole department may be on a salary of only half this .
examples of this are nowadays quoted in most of the newspapers — the 25–30 year-old trader who is earning £200 000–£400 000 [while] the person who runs the whole department may be on a salary of only half this .

Clients are apt to minimise numbers of assignments , whilst headhunters maximise them , and neither are willing to divulge exact figures .
clients are apt to minimise numbers of assignments , [while] headhunters maximise them , and neither are willing to divulge exact figures .

Many candidates would think nothing of taking advantage of headhunters by accepting a free overseas trip and free entertainment such as drinks , lunch or dinner , whilst having no intention whatsoever of changing jobs .
many candidates would think nothing of taking advantage of headhunters by accepting a free overseas trip and free entertainment such as drinks , lunch or dinner , [while] having no intention whatsoever of changing jobs .

Whilst it is perfectly true , as Roth points out , that any of the attributes of profession listed by such writers as Greenwood , Gross and Goode can also be found in occupations not usually assigned to the category ‘ profession ’ , we all ( Roth included ) , use the terms ‘ profession ’ and ‘ professional ’ both descriptively and analytically .
[while] it is perfectly true , as roth points out , that any of the attributes of profession listed by such writers as greenwood , gross and goode can also be found in occupations not usually assigned to the category ‘ profession ’ , we all ( roth included ) , use the terms ‘ profession ’ and ‘ professional ’ both descriptively and analytically .

The reports , whilst vindicating certain activities , stated that solicitors were overpaid for conveyancing , which yielded over 50 per cent of their income .
the reports , [while] vindicating certain activities , stated that solicitors were overpaid for conveyancing , which yielded over 50 per cent of their income .

Although the client will usually be charged with a minor offence , cases can be complicated , whilst the out of town criminal may be involved in more serious crime .
although the client will usually be charged with a minor offence , cases can be complicated , [while] the out of town criminal may be involved in more serious crime .

The homogeneity and close working relationship of the profession foster internal solidarity , understandings and deals ( Baldwin and McConville 1977 ; Thomas 1978 ) , whilst simultaneously informing the public of its protection via the code of ethics and the disciplinary powers of the collective organisation , the Law Society .
the homogeneity and close working relationship of the profession foster internal solidarity , understandings and deals ( baldwin and mcconville 1977 ; thomas 1978 ) , [while] simultaneously informing the public of its protection via the code of ethics and the disciplinary powers of the collective organisation , the law society .

‘ Normative value added ’ , whilst preferable to quantitative value , still is not market value : salaries continue to reflect the ( it is to be hoped better informed ) judgement of planners , not real needs and opportunities .
‘ normative value added ’ , [while] preferable to quantitative value , still is not market value : salaries continue to reflect the ( it is to be hoped better informed ) judgement of planners , not real needs and opportunities .

Whilst it can plausibly introduce a hybrid reform with de-centralising features , it can not dismantle the machine it has created without repudiating itself .
[while] it can plausibly introduce a hybrid reform with de-centralising features , it can not dismantle the machine it has created without repudiating itself .

The six Urengoi pipelines , constructed to large extent with West European pipe and compressors , will increase natural gas production by seven to nine per cent per annum , whilst the single export pipeline will add $ 8 billion per annum to hard currency earnings .
the six urengoi pipelines , constructed to large extent with west european pipe and compressors , will increase natural gas production by seven to nine per cent per annum , [while] the single export pipeline will add $ 8 billion per annum to hard currency earnings .

Whilst it is no doubt true that the heaviness of early Soviet ICBMs and the ‘ dirtiness ’ of their warheads stemmed from crude propulsion and guidance systems , all that matters is that they accomplished what they were designed to .
[while] it is no doubt true that the heaviness of early soviet icbms and the ‘ dirtiness ’ of their warheads stemmed from crude propulsion and guidance systems , all that matters is that they accomplished what they were designed to .

Whilst some of the more conspicuous signs of domination have diminished over the years , a more indirect but equally pervasive web of relationships has grown up .
[while] some of the more conspicuous signs of domination have diminished over the years , a more indirect but equally pervasive web of relationships has grown up .

Whilst all have suffered , the variations from country to country are not insignificant .
[while] all have suffered , the variations from country to country are not insignificant .

The Party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what Frunze once called the ‘ brain of the Army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .
the party , [while] retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what frunze once called the ‘ brain of the army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .

Whilst line officers pressed for greater autonomy on their own operational turf , these years actually witnessed a strengthening of the prerogatives of political officers , not their diminution .
[while] line officers pressed for greater autonomy on their own operational turf , these years actually witnessed a strengthening of the prerogatives of political officers , not their diminution .

Material sufficient for three divisions was despatched to the nationalist regime of Mustafa Kemal Pasha in aid of his war against Greece , and the honeymoon period with Sun Yat-Sen and Chiang Kai-Shek ( 1922–27 ) saw the granting of more than $ 2 million in military aid to the Kuomintang : whilst Soviet advisers set up the Whampoa military academy and trained soldiers of the National Revolutionary Army in the field , Soviet troops performed limited combat missions , including aerial bombardment and reconnaissance .
material sufficient for three divisions was despatched to the nationalist regime of mustafa kemal pasha in aid of his war against greece , and the honeymoon period with sun yat-sen and chiang kai-shek ( 1922–27 ) saw the granting of more than $ 2 million in military aid to the kuomintang : [while] soviet advisers set up the whampoa military academy and trained soldiers of the national revolutionary army in the field , soviet troops performed limited combat missions , including aerial bombardment and reconnaissance .

Whilst this is possible , it would be odd ; the plaster relief frescoes , such as the one at Knossos depicting a temple attendant leading a large beast , show that the Minoans were interested in large-scale modelled representations of people , bulls and mythological animals .
[while] this is possible , it would be odd ; the plaster relief frescoes , such as the one at knossos depicting a temple attendant leading a large beast , show that the minoans were interested in large-scale modelled representations of people , bulls and mythological animals .

Whilst that remains a possibility , it would be an extreme position to adopt , and it is still possible to visualize a full role for a dynasty of Minoan kings .
[while] that remains a possibility , it would be an extreme position to adopt , and it is still possible to visualize a full role for a dynasty of minoan kings .

For instance , it may be that some craft workers , particularly those working very close to the temple , were operating under temple jurisdiction and supervision , whilst others were free to work independently .
for instance , it may be that some craft workers , particularly those working very close to the temple , were operating under temple jurisdiction and supervision , [while] others were free to work independently .

There were other variations too : some ships had low prows and high sterns , whilst others were high at both ends .
there were other variations too : some ships had low prows and high sterns , [while] others were high at both ends .

Features and functions enabling commercial data processing across distributed systems are or have been added , whilst holes and voids in the system have been plugged and patched .
features and functions enabling commercial data processing across distributed systems are or have been added , [while] holes and voids in the system have been plugged and patched .

Whilst technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .
[while] technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .

‘ Can you take us somewhat closer ? ’ he asked Googol . ‘ Whilst steering clear of any dangling hydra ? ’
‘ can you take us somewhat closer ? ’ he asked googol . ‘ [while] steering clear of any dangling hydra ? ’

( We may then proceed , in the remainder of this chapter , to discuss some of the most important of the manifestations of this consciousness whilst tying in loose threads protruding from earlier discussions . )
( we may then proceed , in the remainder of this chapter , to discuss some of the most important of the manifestations of this consciousness [while] tying in loose threads protruding from earlier discussions . )

Animals , infants , and deviant adults are said to see , hear , smell and so on , in those special circumstances , where we feel impelled to mark the similarity of their behaviour to that of human beings situated likewise whilst allowing for the inability to describe what they perceive .
animals , infants , and deviant adults are said to see , hear , smell and so on , in those special circumstances , where we feel impelled to mark the similarity of their behaviour to that of human beings situated likewise [while] allowing for the inability to describe what they perceive .

Unfortunately he pays little attention to the differences and the effect these have upon the implications of what we ascribe to animals whilst using the same forms of words .
unfortunately he pays little attention to the differences and the effect these have upon the implications of what we ascribe to animals [while] using the same forms of words .

Rollin is also severe on the sophistry of the late medieval Catholic Church in sanctioning the trial and often excommunication of countless creatures ( and the then , if feasible , hanging , flaying , burying alive , burning , or otherwise executing them ) whilst denying that they were free agents .
rollin is also severe on the sophistry of the late medieval catholic church in sanctioning the trial and often excommunication of countless creatures ( and the then , if feasible , hanging , flaying , burying alive , burning , or otherwise executing them ) [while] denying that they were free agents .

Darwin 's theories have been used to support the view that homo sapiens is the pre-eminent of species , and have fuelled beliefs in the morality of the survival of the fittest , whilst also lending support to positions , reminiscent of Albert Schweitzer 's , which emphasise universal kinship and the duty to care for the lowly and enfeebled .
darwin 's theories have been used to support the view that homo sapiens is the pre-eminent of species , and have fuelled beliefs in the morality of the survival of the fittest , [while] also lending support to positions , reminiscent of albert schweitzer 's , which emphasise universal kinship and the duty to care for the lowly and enfeebled .

Laws , whilst they are in force , are in this sense inalienable .
laws , [while] they are in force , are in this sense inalienable .

( Utilitarians like Singer , for example , put exaggerated emphasis upon the capacity for suffering , whilst Regan , as we have seen , takes refuge in the theology of ‘ inherent value ’ . )
( utilitarians like singer , for example , put exaggerated emphasis upon the capacity for suffering , [while] regan , as we have seen , takes refuge in the theology of ‘ inherent value ’ . )

Perhaps we should applaud the will to curb it whilst being sceptical of practical moves to bring it about .
perhaps we should applaud the will to curb it [while] being sceptical of practical moves to bring it about .

Various collections of Battle of Britain pilots medals all sold in the £300–£350 region , whilst World War One medal collections reached higher prices in the £300–£3,000 region .
various collections of battle of britain pilots medals all sold in the £300–£350 region , [while] world war one medal collections reached higher prices in the £300–£3,000 region .

The metal survives whilst the flesh withers .
the metal survives [while] the flesh withers .

Computer-based typesetting began about thirty years ago , information retrieval is just as established whilst the ideas of hypertext go back even further .
computer-based typesetting began about thirty years ago , information retrieval is just as established [while] the ideas of hypertext go back even further .

In a Diploma Level course it would be supplemented by self-organized practical work whilst , in academic courses ( ( c ) – ( g ) below ) there would be a requirement for personal reading and assignments .
in a diploma level course it would be supplemented by self-organized practical work [while] , in academic courses ( ( c ) – ( g ) below ) there would be a requirement for personal reading and assignments .

If the red light starts to flash whilst in operation , the battery has less than 5 % life left , and there is no light at all when the battery is completely flat .
if the red light starts to flash [while] in operation , the battery has less than 5 % life left , and there is no light at all when the battery is completely flat .

The watch face consists of two different coloured hands — the shorter , red ‘ Flik ’ hand rotates around the inner circle of numbers ( 1–12 ) to indicate the hour of the day whilst the longer , blue ‘ Flak ’ hand ticks around the outer circle of numbers ( marked off in fives up to 60 ) for the minutes .
the watch face consists of two different coloured hands — the shorter , red ‘ flik ’ hand rotates around the inner circle of numbers ( 1–12 ) to indicate the hour of the day [while] the longer , blue ‘ flak ’ hand ticks around the outer circle of numbers ( marked off in fives up to 60 ) for the minutes .

This method of knitting whilst shaping is so important that you might like to keep suitable time entirely clear to master the basics without interruption .
this method of knitting [while] shaping is so important that you might like to keep suitable time entirely clear to master the basics without interruption .

Is not the MoD now being rather less than frank in changing its story , claiming Range East is safe whilst Range West is not ?
is not the mod now being rather less than frank in changing its story , claiming range east is safe [while] range west is not ?

Alone on the summit , whilst the hoards hounded the streets of Zermatt , the subject of the Drus raised its pointed head .
alone on the summit , [while] the hoards hounded the streets of zermatt , the subject of the drus raised its pointed head .

But unfortunately , whilst the upmarket brands spend a great deal of money on new research to produce improved products , before long the cheaper brands will often follow and eventually incorporate the latest technology in their toiletries too .
but unfortunately , [while] the upmarket brands spend a great deal of money on new research to produce improved products , before long the cheaper brands will often follow and eventually incorporate the latest technology in their toiletries too .

So whilst many innovative cosmetics will be costly , you do n't always have to pay a high price for high tech beauty buys .
so [while] many innovative cosmetics will be costly , you do n't always have to pay a high price for high tech beauty buys .

Bourjois ' Cil 18 Heures Mascara , £3.79 , for instance contains an ingredient called a hydrophobic polymer which improves the mascara 's resistance to water , whilst Lancôme 's Definicil Mascara , £12 , has a brush made of a substance called Rislan designed to be extra gentle on your lashes .
bourjois ' cil 18 heures mascara , £3.79 , for instance contains an ingredient called a hydrophobic polymer which improves the mascara 's resistance to water , [while] lancôme 's definicil mascara , £12 , has a brush made of a substance called rislan designed to be extra gentle on your lashes .

You may also hear polymers described as cationic , amphoteric polymers in their Energance range for permed hair give added resilience and suppleness whilst FreeStyle Mousse for Sensitive Hair , £1.89/100ml , contains cationic polymers for their ability to hold the hair in place .
you may also hear polymers described as cationic , amphoteric polymers in their energance range for permed hair give added resilience and suppleness [while] freestyle mousse for sensitive hair , £1.89/100ml , contains cationic polymers for their ability to hold the hair in place .

Some can also help to strengthen thin and weak hair whilst others help hair look fuller and healthier .
some can also help to strengthen thin and weak hair [while] others help hair look fuller and healthier .

Lank or naturally oily hair is often difficult to care for — whilst it needs thorough cleansing , overdoing it can lead to more problems .
lank or naturally oily hair is often difficult to care for — [while] it needs thorough cleansing , overdoing it can lead to more problems .

Now that we have the front bed working and set to knit , the yarn that is not taken into the slip needle hook no longer forms a float , but is taken up by the opposite needle and is knitted whilst the slip needle still retains its original knitted stitch .
now that we have the front bed working and set to knit , the yarn that is not taken into the slip needle hook no longer forms a float , but is taken up by the opposite needle and is knitted [while] the slip needle still retains its original knitted stitch .

Whilst thinking about the tension swatch , why not calculate the rows ?
[while] thinking about the tension swatch , why not calculate the rows ?

When you can not discover the length of the cone it is best to err on the generous side whilst using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .
when you can not discover the length of the cone it is best to err on the generous side [while] using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .

Also starring among the patterns are three motif sweaters designed by school children who were prize-winners at the Hobby Horse show in Cwmbran , whilst for animal lovers we have Wendy Phillips ' giant panda chewing his bamboo or Iris Bishop 's fox slinking through the September woods .
also starring among the patterns are three motif sweaters designed by school children who were prize-winners at the hobby horse show in cwmbran , [while] for animal lovers we have wendy phillips ' giant panda chewing his bamboo or iris bishop 's fox slinking through the september woods .

Many people work at their machines while they can and leave the hand work for quiet times , such as in the evenings whilst watching television .
many people work at their machines while they can and leave the hand work for quiet times , such as in the evenings [while] watching television .

Whilst not strictly an aeroplane book , it nevertheless gives the reader an overview of how land , sea and air operations were co-ordinated during the last world conflict .
[while] not strictly an aeroplane book , it nevertheless gives the reader an overview of how land , sea and air operations were co-ordinated during the last world conflict .

It transpired that whilst setting the Corsair 's electrically-operated rudder trim for take-off , it stuck in the full right position .
it transpired that [while] setting the corsair 's electrically-operated rudder trim for take-off , it stuck in the full right position .

In the years to follow he was able to gain a great deal of experience whilst working in all the workshop areas at that firm , eventually working in the drawing office .
in the years to follow he was able to gain a great deal of experience [while] working in all the workshop areas at that firm , eventually working in the drawing office .

Whilst Cyril Pullin and the team were busy redesigning the aircraft , Mickie was again required to design the new engine .
[while] cyril pullin and the team were busy redesigning the aircraft , mickie was again required to design the new engine .

During the final checks , the wheels were seen to be bent , and the flight had to be postponed whilst they were fixed .
during the final checks , the wheels were seen to be bent , and the flight had to be postponed [while] they were fixed .

Jack holding Lucky Jim , his mascot , whilst Twinkle Toe , Brown 's mascot takes a well earned rest .
jack holding lucky jim , his mascot , [while] twinkle toe , brown 's mascot takes a well earned rest .

It is the propeller salvaged from a Royal Navy Coastal Airship which is believed to have been shot down by a U-Boat in July 1918 whilst operating from Longside Airship Station .
it is the propeller salvaged from a royal navy coastal airship which is believed to have been shot down by a u-boat in july 1918 [while] operating from longside airship station .

Whilst in the turn Lt Ferris broke away from Lt Marrons ' and attacked the second element of Jigger Green .
[while] in the turn lt ferris broke away from lt marrons ' and attacked the second element of jigger green .

When you can not discover the length on the cone it is best to err on the generous side whilst using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .
when you can not discover the length on the cone it is best to err on the generous side [while] using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .

This will result in limited choice for the consumer and a lack of innovation ( eg British Telecom phone equipment , which for many years was severely limited whilst it was part of the public sector ) .
this will result in limited choice for the consumer and a lack of innovation ( eg british telecom phone equipment , which for many years was severely limited [while] it was part of the public sector ) .

In the 1979 ‘ Incentive Budget ’ , the basic rate of income tax was cut from 33 per cent to 30 per cent , whilst the top rate was cut from 83 per cent to 60 per cent .
in the 1979 ‘ incentive budget ’ , the basic rate of income tax was cut from 33 per cent to 30 per cent , [while] the top rate was cut from 83 per cent to 60 per cent .

An examination of Figure 6.1 reveals that , whilst each of the groups considered has gained over the period 1979 — 89 ( due to the tax and benefit changes discussed above ) , the greatest gain was made by the richest tenth of the population .
an examination of figure 6.1 reveals that , [while] each of the groups considered has gained over the period 1979 — 89 ( due to the tax and benefit changes discussed above ) , the greatest gain was made by the richest tenth of the population .

Whilst the introduction of competition will undoubtedly benefit some aspects of efficiency , additional costs might also be incurred .
[while] the introduction of competition will undoubtedly benefit some aspects of efficiency , additional costs might also be incurred .

Whilst some of this housing stock may be left empty , other landlords may sell to the private sector ( ie to individuals who wish to use the building as owner-occupiers ) .
[while] some of this housing stock may be left empty , other landlords may sell to the private sector ( ie to individuals who wish to use the building as owner-occupiers ) .

Whilst cutting subsidies to the public sector , tax relief to the private sector has grown enormously .
[while] cutting subsidies to the public sector , tax relief to the private sector has grown enormously .

It can be seen that , whilst all regions reflected the higher national unemployment rate , some regions fared better than others .
it can be seen that , [while] all regions reflected the higher national unemployment rate , some regions fared better than others .

Whilst they had been watching the protesters , a waitress had come out of The Crossed Keys hotel on the corner of the square carrying a tray of interesting-looking glasses .
[while] they had been watching the protesters , a waitress had come out of the crossed keys hotel on the corner of the square carrying a tray of interesting-looking glasses .

Finally one unnamed diplomat , whilst claiming that the name meant nothing to him , showed an unnatural willingness to make a note of D'Arcy 's message ‘ should he be able to trace such a man .
finally one unnamed diplomat , [while] claiming that the name meant nothing to him , showed an unnatural willingness to make a note of d'arcy 's message ‘ should he be able to trace such a man .

It was here the patron , an ex-sergeant of the Légion Étrangère , held court whilst providing both drinks and homespun philosophy in equally generous measures .
it was here the patron , an ex-sergeant of the légion étrangère , held court [while] providing both drinks and homespun philosophy in equally generous measures .

With neighbouring diners sitting too close to have a conversation without being overheard , D'Arcy contented himself with the family small talk whilst he made the most of the lobster fricassée .
with neighbouring diners sitting too close to have a conversation without being overheard , d'arcy contented himself with the family small talk [while] he made the most of the lobster fricassée .

Whilst Reg Roman here is responsible for the day-to-day running of our investigation , he reports to me .
[while] reg roman here is responsible for the day-to-day running of our investigation , he reports to me .

The skills of counselling are concerned with enabling this communication process , whilst at the same time dealing perceptively with the problems that the counsellee faces .
the skills of counselling are concerned with enabling this communication process , [while] at the same time dealing perceptively with the problems that the counsellee faces .

It is perhaps strange that , whilst we pride ourselves on our commitment to individual freedom and self-expression , listening to the problems of other people , and responding appropriately to their needs as expressed , is less common .
it is perhaps strange that , [while] we pride ourselves on our commitment to individual freedom and self-expression , listening to the problems of other people , and responding appropriately to their needs as expressed , is less common .

The ability to listen whilst another person talks does not merely entail being aware of the words spoken to us .
the ability to listen [while] another person talks does not merely entail being aware of the words spoken to us .

This means that the ‘ fact ’ that an individual has become an ‘ old person ’ , or suffers from regular illness or pain , or has become dependent upon others , whilst an important part of our understanding , is less important than how these facts make the individual feel .
this means that the ‘ fact ’ that an individual has become an ‘ old person ’ , or suffers from regular illness or pain , or has become dependent upon others , [while] an important part of our understanding , is less important than how these facts make the individual feel .

Whilst the process of talking about feelings will often by itself lead counsellees to new insights into their own lives , at other times this will not happen .
[while] the process of talking about feelings will often by itself lead counsellees to new insights into their own lives , at other times this will not happen .

This itself helps to focus counselling upon potentially useful areas , whilst at the same time asking the counsellees to examine the particular ‘ game ’ they are playing .
this itself helps to focus counselling upon potentially useful areas , [while] at the same time asking the counsellees to examine the particular ‘ game ’ they are playing .

So whilst self-understanding is the vital ingredient of the counselling process , and whereas individuals might have developed significant insights into their own social performance , what individuals decide to do with these newly discovered insights is also of vital importance .
so [while] self-understanding is the vital ingredient of the counselling process , and whereas individuals might have developed significant insights into their own social performance , what individuals decide to do with these newly discovered insights is also of vital importance .

We are looking for people who can accept that the past has passed and , whilst remembering it with fondness , can also look to the future and view what it might bring with a degree of optimism and hope .
we are looking for people who can accept that the past has passed and , [while] remembering it with fondness , can also look to the future and view what it might bring with a degree of optimism and hope .

Whilst individual counselling recognizes the uniqueness of human problems , group-based counselling recognizes shared problems .
[while] individual counselling recognizes the uniqueness of human problems , group-based counselling recognizes shared problems .

Clearly , whilst such groups may fulfil a valuable and useful social purpose , they could offer much more .
clearly , [while] such groups may fulfil a valuable and useful social purpose , they could offer much more .

Some group members will inevitably be shy whilst others will tend to dominate the discussions .
some group members will inevitably be shy [while] others will tend to dominate the discussions .

The former will feel that they do not want to impose their views and problems on the others , whilst the latter will tend to see their problems or their viewpoint as essential .
the former will feel that they do not want to impose their views and problems on the others , [while] the latter will tend to see their problems or their viewpoint as essential .

Whilst many families spend a significant part of their lives together , and their needs are usually closely linked , individual members do not always share the same objectives in relation to each other .
[while] many families spend a significant part of their lives together , and their needs are usually closely linked , individual members do not always share the same objectives in relation to each other .

Sensitivity to the family , and to the needs of individual members of it , allied with the confidence to tackle issues whilst maintaining an impartial stance , is the task the counsellor has to fulfil .
sensitivity to the family , and to the needs of individual members of it , allied with the confidence to tackle issues [while] maintaining an impartial stance , is the task the counsellor has to fulfil .

Whilst it might cause some obvious short-term distress to tell the older people that they have unrealistic expectations of their children , to fail to do so inevitably leads to more unhappiness in the longer term .
[while] it might cause some obvious short-term distress to tell the older people that they have unrealistic expectations of their children , to fail to do so inevitably leads to more unhappiness in the longer term .

Whilst they may be able to rationalize what they have done , there is usually a strong element of disappointment about the broken relationship .
[while] they may be able to rationalize what they have done , there is usually a strong element of disappointment about the broken relationship .

They also enable weaker members of the family to point out what is happening to them whilst it is actually happening .
they also enable weaker members of the family to point out what is happening to them [while] it is actually happening .

Whilst people of all ages reminisce , old age , not unnaturally , is a time when looking back at our lives , reviewing its failures and triumphs , its joys and sorrows , its pleasures and regrets , is of particular importance .
[while] people of all ages reminisce , old age , not unnaturally , is a time when looking back at our lives , reviewing its failures and triumphs , its joys and sorrows , its pleasures and regrets , is of particular importance .

Whilst some welcome the opportunity of early retirement , others see it as an unwanted imposition on their lives .
[while] some welcome the opportunity of early retirement , others see it as an unwanted imposition on their lives .

Whilst this may appear an extreme and pessimistic view , it is the reality of retirement for many retired people .
[while] this may appear an extreme and pessimistic view , it is the reality of retirement for many retired people .

Whilst counselling before and at the point of retirement is becoming more widely practised , these wider aspects are too rarely considered .
[while] counselling before and at the point of retirement is becoming more widely practised , these wider aspects are too rarely considered .

Alternative activity is an important factor in successful adaptation to retirement , and whilst counselling does not have a direct role in its provision , it should encourage the individual to seek it .
alternative activity is an important factor in successful adaptation to retirement , and [while] counselling does not have a direct role in its provision , it should encourage the individual to seek it .

Whilst social provision allows retired people to exist , there is little scope for them to grow or make full use of their later years .
[while] social provision allows retired people to exist , there is little scope for them to grow or make full use of their later years .

Solitary confinement is recognized to be one of the most psychologically damaging punishments that can be imposed upon any individual and if , like Robinson Crusoe , we are subjected to an enforced exile , whilst some people will no doubt cope better than others , few will willingly choose isolation or loneliness as a favoured way of life .
solitary confinement is recognized to be one of the most psychologically damaging punishments that can be imposed upon any individual and if , like robinson crusoe , we are subjected to an enforced exile , [while] some people will no doubt cope better than others , few will willingly choose isolation or loneliness as a favoured way of life .

Whilst these ‘ community care ’ policies are soundly based on principles which seek to maintain elderly independence , they can also lead to , and exacerbate , social isolation .
[while] these ‘ community care ’ policies are soundly based on principles which seek to maintain elderly independence , they can also lead to , and exacerbate , social isolation .

However , whilst it is important to recognize this trend , we should not forget that the family unit still performs most of the caring functions for the majority of older people in modern society .
however , [while] it is important to recognize this trend , we should not forget that the family unit still performs most of the caring functions for the majority of older people in modern society .

Whilst not wishing to create visions of the past as a ‘ Golden Age ’ ( it was certainly not ) , it can not be denied that the main social trends in family organization , particularly since the Industrial Revolution , have increasingly served to isolate ageing people .
[while] not wishing to create visions of the past as a ‘ golden age ’ ( it was certainly not ) , it can not be denied that the main social trends in family organization , particularly since the industrial revolution , have increasingly served to isolate ageing people .

Whilst for some the experience of ageing does bring with it a degree of social disengagement , it is far from being a ‘ natural ’ or inevitable event .
[while] for some the experience of ageing does bring with it a degree of social disengagement , it is far from being a ‘ natural ’ or inevitable event .

It has often been observed that , whilst old age is not an illness , it does bring with it an increased susceptibility to illness and disease .
it has often been observed that , [while] old age is not an illness , it does bring with it an increased susceptibility to illness and disease .

It is important for older people to look more positively at their physical condition and , whilst accepting the reality of it , resist feelings about the hopelessness of recovery , or the inevitability of further decline .
it is important for older people to look more positively at their physical condition and , [while] accepting the reality of it , resist feelings about the hopelessness of recovery , or the inevitability of further decline .

It has been found that the intake of nutrients in the diet declines markedly in old age , and whilst it is difficult to determine to what extent this is caused by , or is the cause of , increased physical disease , the connection with elderly health is known to be significant .
it has been found that the intake of nutrients in the diet declines markedly in old age , and [while] it is difficult to determine to what extent this is caused by , or is the cause of , increased physical disease , the connection with elderly health is known to be significant .

This is particularly relevant to conditions such as arthritis , to which the traditional medical response is to prescribe pain-killers which , whilst relieving pain temporarily , do not pretend to treat the causes of the disease itself .
this is particularly relevant to conditions such as arthritis , to which the traditional medical response is to prescribe pain-killers which , [while] relieving pain temporarily , do not pretend to treat the causes of the disease itself .

Whilst this might appear to make the counsellor a ‘ jack-of-all-trades ’ , a more positive interpretation is that the counsellor is in the privileged position of seeing the older individual as a whole or entire person .
[while] this might appear to make the counsellor a ‘ jack-of-all-trades ’ , a more positive interpretation is that the counsellor is in the privileged position of seeing the older individual as a whole or entire person .

It is said to help people in sleeping , but whilst it may get people off to sleep more quickly it can lead to waking later at night .
it is said to help people in sleeping , but [while] it may get people off to sleep more quickly it can lead to waking later at night .

You can stay here and look after the place whilst we 're gone .
you can stay here and look after the place [while] we 're gone .

So this was how a submarine came back from a successful patrol ! And how very understated and very British , with every man of its crew trying not to show how pleased he was or how embarrassed , and quietly thanking the good Lord for getting them out of the mess in the Bay , and if He would n't mind , could some other perishing submarine have the next thirty-eight ? And whilst He was on their wavelength , how about a spot of leave … ?
so this was how a submarine came back from a successful patrol ! and how very understated and very british , with every man of its crew trying not to show how pleased he was or how embarrassed , and quietly thanking the good lord for getting them out of the mess in the bay , and if he would n't mind , could some other perishing submarine have the next thirty-eight ? and [while] he was on their wavelength , how about a spot of leave … ?

Part of her embraced it gratefully whilst the other , the sad , secret part , rejected and resented it , all the while clinging blindly to what had been .
part of her embraced it gratefully [while] the other , the sad , secret part , rejected and resented it , all the while clinging blindly to what had been .

Occasionally when an employee is found to be driving whilst uninsured on his employer 's business he can put forward a defence where he shows —
occasionally when an employee is found to be driving [while] uninsured on his employer 's business he can put forward a defence where he shows —

It is a defence for a person charged with ‘ Being in Charge ’ to prove that at the time he is alleged to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle whilst the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine remained likely to exceed the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .
it is a defence for a person charged with ‘ being in charge ’ to prove that at the time he is alleged to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle [while] the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine remained likely to exceed the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .

Consider the offence of driving , attempting to drive or being in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or public place whilst unfit to drive through drink and drugs , where appropriate .
consider the offence of driving , attempting to drive or being in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or public place [while] unfit to drive through drink and drugs , where appropriate .

whilst not wearing a prescribed type of seat belt .
[while] not wearing a prescribed type of seat belt .

using a vehicle constructed or adapted for the delivery or collection of goods or mail to consumers or addressees , as the case may be , whilst engaged in making local rounds of deliveries or collections ;
using a vehicle constructed or adapted for the delivery or collection of goods or mail to consumers or addressees , as the case may be , [while] engaged in making local rounds of deliveries or collections ;

driving the vehicle whilst performing a manoeuvre which includes reversing ;
driving the vehicle [while] performing a manoeuvre which includes reversing ;

‘ whilst not wearing a prescribed type of seat belt ’ .
‘ [while] not wearing a prescribed type of seat belt ’ .

‘ whilst not wearing a prescribed type of seat belt ’ .
‘ [while] not wearing a prescribed type of seat belt ’ .

any motor vehicle whilst it is being used in connection with
any motor vehicle [while] it is being used in connection with

whilst white-lining through spaghetti westerns in toytown
[while] white-lining through spaghetti westerns in toytown

‘ In conclusion , whilst this group was not a ‘ happy ’ group , there was evident a considerable yearning and reaching out towards happiness .
‘ in conclusion , [while] this group was not a ‘ happy ’ group , there was evident a considerable yearning and reaching out towards happiness .

Frederick Campbell , when District Judge at Tangalla , also noted that cattle stealing prosecutions were identical : ‘ For example , no two parties ever happen to be together , and witness the removal of a stolen animal , one sees the removal at one , and another at another place , whilst a third sees the removal of the flesh .
frederick campbell , when district judge at tangalla , also noted that cattle stealing prosecutions were identical : ‘ for example , no two parties ever happen to be together , and witness the removal of a stolen animal , one sees the removal at one , and another at another place , [while] a third sees the removal of the flesh .

Whilst it may seem a far cry from the appalling civil war that has torn Yugoslavia apart or the collapse of the Soviet Union into an uneasy Commonwealth of Independent States , it seems that sport , and rugby in particular , can play its part in preventing the exaggeration and exploitation of nationalist feeling on international occasions .
[while] it may seem a far cry from the appalling civil war that has torn yugoslavia apart or the collapse of the soviet union into an uneasy commonwealth of independent states , it seems that sport , and rugby in particular , can play its part in preventing the exaggeration and exploitation of nationalist feeling on international occasions .

David Sole has accused the Englishman of using illegal scrummaging the techniques , whilst Jeff Probyn has referred to the Scotsman 's method of tripping his opponents .
david sole has accused the englishman of using illegal scrummaging the techniques , [while] jeff probyn has referred to the scotsman 's method of tripping his opponents .

Rob Andrew had a quiet game , which is meant as a compliment because whatever he did was done efficiently and without fuss , whilst he always took the right option .
rob andrew had a quiet game , which is meant as a compliment because whatever he did was done efficiently and without fuss , [while] he always took the right option .

Having just returned from Scotland 's weekend squad sessions at St. Andrews , two tough dollops of over three hours each , he was feeling the effects , but clearly revels in his involvement : ‘ National sessions are at a higher intensity than those at club and district level in that you are working with very good and experienced players but it is just so enjoyable setting hard challenges whilst you are learning so much from players who have been through it all so often before ’ .
having just returned from scotland 's weekend squad sessions at st. andrews , two tough dollops of over three hours each , he was feeling the effects , but clearly revels in his involvement : ‘ national sessions are at a higher intensity than those at club and district level in that you are working with very good and experienced players but it is just so enjoyable setting hard challenges [while] you are learning so much from players who have been through it all so often before ’ .

New coach Pierre Berbizier is a noted disciplinarian , and whilst selecting ‘ Les Bèglois ’ for their ability and strength he also issued them with a stern warning against any brutish excesses .
new coach pierre berbizier is a noted disciplinarian , and [while] selecting ‘ les bèglois ’ for their ability and strength he also issued them with a stern warning against any brutish excesses .

Another method of subordination is a prohibition on repayment of the debt whilst other creditors remain unpaid .
another method of subordination is a prohibition on repayment of the debt [while] other creditors remain unpaid .

According to Geoffrey of Monmouth , Bladud died like Icarus , when he fell into the Temple of Apollo at Trinovantum ( Bladud 's pre-Roman London ) whilst trying to fly .
according to geoffrey of monmouth , bladud died like icarus , when he fell into the temple of apollo at trinovantum ( bladud 's pre-roman london ) [while] trying to fly .

Hengist chose a site just to the west of the existing settlement on an elevated position and constructed a Roman-style town based on knowledge gained whilst serving in the Roman army .
hengist chose a site just to the west of the existing settlement on an elevated position and constructed a roman-style town based on knowledge gained [while] serving in the roman army .

This shows Stukeley 's keen topographical eye and fanciful imagination , but whilst the St. Peter 's area is one of the oldest places of settlement and has a regularised street pattern , like the rest of the town it does not predate the ninth century .
this shows stukeley 's keen topographical eye and fanciful imagination , but [while] the st. peter 's area is one of the oldest places of settlement and has a regularised street pattern , like the rest of the town it does not predate the ninth century .

Whilst the tale itself is probably fictional , the butchers ( known as ‘ triers ’ ) were often responsible for selecting the bull and the idea of a custom being supported by a charitable donation was common .
[while] the tale itself is probably fictional , the butchers ( known as ‘ triers ’ ) were often responsible for selecting the bull and the idea of a custom being supported by a charitable donation was common .

Whilst the final selection of 21 players showed 18 from independent and three from state schools , the number in the final trial showed several more state school players .
[while] the final selection of 21 players showed 18 from independent and three from state schools , the number in the final trial showed several more state school players .

Those of us in smaller accountancy practices have to be particularly careful as to the level of costs incurred whilst trying to ensure that we maintain a high quality service .
those of us in smaller accountancy practices have to be particularly careful as to the level of costs incurred [while] trying to ensure that we maintain a high quality service .

The coastal plain in Sussex produced a wheat and barley surplus , the Wealden farmers probably grew sufficient for their own needs , whilst concentrating on stock raising .
the coastal plain in sussex produced a wheat and barley surplus , the wealden farmers probably grew sufficient for their own needs , [while] concentrating on stock raising .

The armies varied in style ; whilst the Saxon thegns rode horses , they invariably fought on foot , with axes , and the defensive position forced relative immobility on their troops , with the central professional nucleus , the housecarls , surrounding the king .
the armies varied in style ; [while] the saxon thegns rode horses , they invariably fought on foot , with axes , and the defensive position forced relative immobility on their troops , with the central professional nucleus , the housecarls , surrounding the king .

The Bayeux tapestry gives a magnificent cartoon report of the action , but it needs to be seen as a piece of victorious Norman propaganda ; it is to be doubted that the English spent the previous night in carousing whilst the Normans engaged in earnest prayer .
the bayeux tapestry gives a magnificent cartoon report of the action , but it needs to be seen as a piece of victorious norman propaganda ; it is to be doubted that the english spent the previous night in carousing [while] the normans engaged in earnest prayer .

Whilst these alien prebendaries , rectors and abbeys took the main pickings , the ‘ great tithes ’ on corn and so on , their vicars drawn from the local people usually had to make do with the remainder .
[while] these alien prebendaries , rectors and abbeys took the main pickings , the ‘ great tithes ’ on corn and so on , their vicars drawn from the local people usually had to make do with the remainder .

Whilst the cathedral and precincts occupied the southwestern ‘ quadrant ’ , the trades and craftsmen concentrated in the eastern half of the town .
[while] the cathedral and precincts occupied the southwestern ‘ quadrant ’ , the trades and craftsmen concentrated in the eastern half of the town .

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1986 and 30 September 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1986 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1986 and 30 september 1991 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1986 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 28 February 1989 and 1 April 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1987 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 28 february 1989 and 1 april 1989 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1987 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1990 and 1 June 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1988 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1990 and 1 june 1990 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1988 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1988 and 8 February 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1989 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985
he in bromborough between 30 april 1988 and 8 february 1991 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1989 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1986 and 30 September 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1986 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1986 and 30 september 1991 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1986 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 28 February 1989 and 1 April 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1987 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 28 february 1989 and 1 april 1989 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1987 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1990 and 1 June 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1988 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1990 and 1 june 1990 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1988 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1988 and 8 February 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1989 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985
he in bromborough between 30 april 1988 and 8 february 1991 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1989 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1990 and 1 June 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1988 which report did not comply with the revised version of the auditing standard ‘ The Audit Report ’ was reprimanded , fined £l , 000 and ordered to pay £500 by way of costs .
he in bromborough between 30 april 1990 and 1 june 1990 [while] his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1988 which report did not comply with the revised version of the auditing standard ‘ the audit report ’ was reprimanded , fined £l , 000 and ordered to pay £500 by way of costs .

The kind of economic support given from one migrant to the next includes : assistance with the fare ; assistance in finding work ; a temporary home ; personal encouragement and moral support whilst the new migrant is adjusting to Britain .
the kind of economic support given from one migrant to the next includes : assistance with the fare ; assistance in finding work ; a temporary home ; personal encouragement and moral support [while] the new migrant is adjusting to britain .

Whilst scholars debate how far economic changes have been responsible for breaking up these traditional arrangements , there is evidence that the idea persists that this form of joint household is an ideal which people would put into practice if they could ( Benedict , 1976 ) .
[while] scholars debate how far economic changes have been responsible for breaking up these traditional arrangements , there is evidence that the idea persists that this form of joint household is an ideal which people would put into practice if they could ( benedict , 1976 ) .

Small scale studies indicate that households of this type are quite common , for example , for people of Pakistani origin living in Britain ( Anwar , 1985 ) and this is reflected in official statistics by evidence about the overall size of households : in 1985 , whilst less than one in ten white households contained more than four people , where people classified themselves as Pakistani , or Bangladeshi , just over 50 per cent of households were of that size ( Social Trends 1987 , p. 45 , table 2 .
small scale studies indicate that households of this type are quite common , for example , for people of pakistani origin living in britain ( anwar , 1985 ) and this is reflected in official statistics by evidence about the overall size of households : in 1985 , [while] less than one in ten white households contained more than four people , where people classified themselves as pakistani , or bangladeshi , just over 50 per cent of households were of that size ( social trends 1987 , p. 45 , table 2 .

Evidence for the year 1985 indicates that whilst 52 per cent of people aged over 65 lived with a spouse and 36 per cent lived alone , only 12 per cent lived with relatives ( Social Trends 1987 , p. 44 , table 2.8 ) .
evidence for the year 1985 indicates that [while] 52 per cent of people aged over 65 lived with a spouse and 36 per cent lived alone , only 12 per cent lived with relatives ( social trends 1987 , p. 44 , table 2.8 ) .

More recent evidence , whilst not addressing this issue directly , tends to suggest that this desired relationship is still important .
more recent evidence , [while] not addressing this issue directly , tends to suggest that this desired relationship is still important .

Whilst there may be a particular need for parental support in the early years of child-rearing there are plenty of examples of significant assistance being given in other circumstances .
[while] there may be a particular need for parental support in the early years of child-rearing there are plenty of examples of significant assistance being given in other circumstances .

Their evidence suggests that , whilst people do exchange support with more distant kin , it is usually on a fairly small scale and whether one does this is treated as optional not obligatory .
their evidence suggests that , [while] people do exchange support with more distant kin , it is usually on a fairly small scale and whether one does this is treated as optional not obligatory .

Whilst in general it does seem that relationships with the ‘ outer circle ’ are not particularly important sources of support , one certainly can find predictable — not merely idiosyncratic — exceptions to that rule .
[while] in general it does seem that relationships with the ‘ outer circle ’ are not particularly important sources of support , one certainly can find predictable — not merely idiosyncratic — exceptions to that rule .

Whilst certainly they may receive something in return , there does not seem to be a pressure to balance out the gifts .
[while] certainly they may receive something in return , there does not seem to be a pressure to balance out the gifts .

The general picture which emerges is one in which , whilst a considerable amount of assistance does pass between relatives , the procedures for asking for , offering and accepting it are quite tricky to handle in practice .
the general picture which emerges is one in which , [while] a considerable amount of assistance does pass between relatives , the procedures for asking for , offering and accepting it are quite tricky to handle in practice .

However , all of this has to be set in the context that whilst still at school children were dependent for their own basic economic support upon the parental generation .
however , all of this has to be set in the context that [while] still at school children were dependent for their own basic economic support upon the parental generation .

Whilst the quality of empirical evidence on which their arguments rest is doubted by many commentators ( Morgan , 1985 , p. 165 ) , the perspectives which they offer can be translated into important questions of contemporary relevance .
[while] the quality of empirical evidence on which their arguments rest is doubted by many commentators ( morgan , 1985 , p. 165 ) , the perspectives which they offer can be translated into important questions of contemporary relevance .

Instead , lending from Japan fell by $ 19 billion last year , whilst lending from Britain increased by $ 18 billion .
instead , lending from japan fell by $ 19 billion last year , [while] lending from britain increased by $ 18 billion .

Had the fortune to be honoured whilst living
had the fortune to be honoured [while] living

Where obviously inadequate parenting occurs , the response of the statutory services in most cases should be to support parents and help improve their parenting , whilst keeping the child within the family .
where obviously inadequate parenting occurs , the response of the statutory services in most cases should be to support parents and help improve their parenting , [while] keeping the child within the family .

Some adults are more ‘ possessive ’ about their partners , whilst others are more willing to share .
some adults are more ‘ possessive ’ about their partners , [while] others are more willing to share .

Whilst Rowe and Lambert took exception to the then prevailing view that children should , and more important could , be returned to their own families , they were strongly committed to family care as the main form of substitute care for those children who could not return home .
[while] rowe and lambert took exception to the then prevailing view that children should , and more important could , be returned to their own families , they were strongly committed to family care as the main form of substitute care for those children who could not return home .

Whilst at one time the personal characteristics of children , and the circumstances in which they were received into care , set them apart from other children not admitted into care , the norms of family life for children inside and outside of public care could no longer be regarded as so different from each other .
[while] at one time the personal characteristics of children , and the circumstances in which they were received into care , set them apart from other children not admitted into care , the norms of family life for children inside and outside of public care could no longer be regarded as so different from each other .

Others prefer residential care because they are more likely to be placed with their brothers and sisters and friends , whilst in foster care solitary placements are more often the norm .
others prefer residential care because they are more likely to be placed with their brothers and sisters and friends , [while] in foster care solitary placements are more often the norm .

, 1986 ) , and whilst most social workers would accept this need , the sense of failure which surrounds admissions , compounded by the instigation of compulsory measures of care , depletes any expectation that good might come from the admission .
, 1986 ) , and [while] most social workers would accept this need , the sense of failure which surrounds admissions , compounded by the instigation of compulsory measures of care , depletes any expectation that good might come from the admission .

Whilst the liberal-historians are less likely to be openly damning of the social changes they identify than are the conservative-historians , this should not be read as a sign of their approval .
[while] the liberal-historians are less likely to be openly damning of the social changes they identify than are the conservative-historians , this should not be read as a sign of their approval .

We are , he suggests , much less economically permissive than the Victorians , constraining business enterprise , terms and conditions of employment , advertising and so on , whilst morally and sexually becoming less restrictive .
we are , he suggests , much less economically permissive than the victorians , constraining business enterprise , terms and conditions of employment , advertising and so on , [while] morally and sexually becoming less restrictive .

Whilst they usually dismiss the more extreme claims made by the conservative-historians , they are , by and large , convinced that something approaching ‘ permissive morality ’ could be found in 1960s Britain .
[while] they usually dismiss the more extreme claims made by the conservative-historians , they are , by and large , convinced that something approaching ‘ permissive morality ’ could be found in 1960s britain .

The liberal-historians , on the other hand , whilst being generally more sceptical of the extent of permissiveness , nevertheless argue that 1960s Britain was characterised by a greater degree of freedom , the limited nature of which is nonetheless guaranteed by law .
the liberal-historians , on the other hand , [while] being generally more sceptical of the extent of permissiveness , nevertheless argue that 1960s britain was characterised by a greater degree of freedom , the limited nature of which is nonetheless guaranteed by law .

Whilst legislative reforms such as changes in the abortion laws and the law governing homosexuality are viewed as essentially liberal measures , we are not to assume therefore that this was indicative of a period of unproblematically increasing sexual liberation .
[while] legislative reforms such as changes in the abortion laws and the law governing homosexuality are viewed as essentially liberal measures , we are not to assume therefore that this was indicative of a period of unproblematically increasing sexual liberation .

Ironically , whilst such a group took the very existence of the family to be in danger from permissiveness , the developing radical-feminist position argued that the ‘ talk ’ of permissiveness was a means of disguising the threat that such an institution posed to women 's real chances of liberation : ‘ Rather than posing a threat to traditional patriarchal marriage the sexual revolution strengthened the institution ’ .
ironically , [while] such a group took the very existence of the family to be in danger from permissiveness , the developing radical-feminist position argued that the ‘ talk ’ of permissiveness was a means of disguising the threat that such an institution posed to women 's real chances of liberation : ‘ rather than posing a threat to traditional patriarchal marriage the sexual revolution strengthened the institution ’ .

Thus , whilst he has rebutted the charge that permissiveness represents a simple diminution in control , he nevertheless asserts that within the new control structure there are greater possibilities for the expression of emotion .
thus , [while] he has rebutted the charge that permissiveness represents a simple diminution in control , he nevertheless asserts that within the new control structure there are greater possibilities for the expression of emotion .

All five major approaches to the subject of changes in post-war morality would accept , to a greater or lesser extent , that the term ‘ permissiveness ’ , whilst not ideal , nevertheless does describe , albeit partially , the changes they identify .
all five major approaches to the subject of changes in post-war morality would accept , to a greater or lesser extent , that the term ‘ permissiveness ’ , [while] not ideal , nevertheless does describe , albeit partially , the changes they identify .

Whilst she frequently attacks Marxism and Communism , it is not simple political opposition , but rather an attack on what she sees as the effects of the spread of Marxism for Christianity , for ‘ it is of no mean significance that the secular/humanist/Marxist philosophy makes the destruction of Christianity one of its main priorities .
[while] she frequently attacks marxism and communism , it is not simple political opposition , but rather an attack on what she sees as the effects of the spread of marxism for christianity , for ‘ it is of no mean significance that the secular/humanist/marxist philosophy makes the destruction of christianity one of its main priorities .

It appears therefore that whilst ‘ private ’ homosexual conduct may have been decriminalised , the ‘ public ’ margins came to be increasingly policed .
it appears therefore that [while] ‘ private ’ homosexual conduct may have been decriminalised , the ‘ public ’ margins came to be increasingly policed .

On the one hand , as far as the criminal law was concerned , they removed one set of controls entirely , whilst on the other hand , a new and sometimes increased set of controls was introduced to deal with those forms of homosexual conduct which were still considered to be ‘ public ’ and criminal .
on the one hand , as far as the criminal law was concerned , they removed one set of controls entirely , [while] on the other hand , a new and sometimes increased set of controls was introduced to deal with those forms of homosexual conduct which were still considered to be ‘ public ’ and criminal .

In this way , the Committee was able , quite consistently , to propose what , on the one hand appeared to be a relaxation of the law in the area of homosexuality , whilst on the other hand it recommended stronger sanctions in the area of prostitution .
in this way , the committee was able , quite consistently , to propose what , on the one hand appeared to be a relaxation of the law in the area of homosexuality , [while] on the other hand it recommended stronger sanctions in the area of prostitution .

‘ Who pays for what ’ often results in essential facilities or care being postponed or withheld indefinitely whilst the ‘ professionals ’ argue the case amongst themselves .
‘ who pays for what ’ often results in essential facilities or care being postponed or withheld indefinitely [while] the ‘ professionals ’ argue the case amongst themselves .

It is felt that much of the progress students make whilst in college will be lost if they are not able to go on to meet fresh demands in new situations .
it is felt that much of the progress students make [while] in college will be lost if they are not able to go on to meet fresh demands in new situations .

Whilst the former emphasises the sharing of power as well as expertise , the latter contains an implicit assumption of professional expertise and control .
[while] the former emphasises the sharing of power as well as expertise , the latter contains an implicit assumption of professional expertise and control .

The only match to be played in Area 2 saw lowly-placed Upper Armley , Leeds pick up eight valuable points from their home tie with Norman Green Solihull , whilst the second Birmingham-based club in the division , Edgbaston Priory , collected the victory spoils from Newport , Boughey Gardens , who were forced to concede the tie .
the only match to be played in area 2 saw lowly-placed upper armley , leeds pick up eight valuable points from their home tie with norman green solihull , [while] the second birmingham-based club in the division , edgbaston priory , collected the victory spoils from newport , boughey gardens , who were forced to concede the tie .

And perhaps most fundamental of all , we have to try to live and teach according to our ideals , and to promote them , whilst at the same time trying to make a good career within a system that seems at many points to be based on quite antagonistic values .
and perhaps most fundamental of all , we have to try to live and teach according to our ideals , and to promote them , [while] at the same time trying to make a good career within a system that seems at many points to be based on quite antagonistic values .

Today the questioning from all sides is much fiercer , whilst company policy has got thinner and more nebulous , retreating into the traditional notions of ‘ standards ’ and ‘ testing ’ , technocratic concern with ‘ vocationalism ’ , or humanistic waffle about fostering the development of the whole person ' .
today the questioning from all sides is much fiercer , [while] company policy has got thinner and more nebulous , retreating into the traditional notions of ‘ standards ’ and ‘ testing ’ , technocratic concern with ‘ vocationalism ’ , or humanistic waffle about fostering the development of the whole person ' .

We watched a new entrant to the profession looking around at her colleagues for clues as to how to resolve the tensions , whilst doing as little damage to her integrity ( and her career prospects ) as possible .
we watched a new entrant to the profession looking around at her colleagues for clues as to how to resolve the tensions , [while] doing as little damage to her integrity ( and her career prospects ) as possible .

Whilst most of us , for example , can cope with having the occasional murderous thought about people we love , or work with , there are other people for whom such thoughts constitute a profound assault on their self-worth , and who must , therefore , either suffer that sense of worthlessness or involve themselves in an intense effort to deny or rationalize the thought .
[while] most of us , for example , can cope with having the occasional murderous thought about people we love , or work with , there are other people for whom such thoughts constitute a profound assault on their self-worth , and who must , therefore , either suffer that sense of worthlessness or involve themselves in an intense effort to deny or rationalize the thought .

If the tension is sufficient it will contain some part of the problem , whilst also ensuring that it will balloon out somewhere else .
if the tension is sufficient it will contain some part of the problem , [while] also ensuring that it will balloon out somewhere else .

This is the main modus operandi of the teachers ' professional associations ( unions ) : to work to decrease demands by fending them off , whilst campaigning for more ( external ) resources .
this is the main modus operandi of the teachers ' professional associations ( unions ) : to work to decrease demands by fending them off , [while] campaigning for more ( external ) resources .

My paternal grandparents had died within a few months of each other whilst she was training , and as Grandfather had tied up all his savings in annuity for my grandmother , none of his children had inherited anything from him .
my paternal grandparents had died within a few months of each other [while] she was training , and as grandfather had tied up all his savings in annuity for my grandmother , none of his children had inherited anything from him .

Phillips auctioneers have responded to Sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 December : ‘ Whilst Phillips do not wish to increase their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and conditions or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to maintain their competitive position ’ .
phillips auctioneers have responded to sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 december : ‘ [while] phillips do not wish to increase their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and conditions or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to maintain their competitive position ’ .

The most significant point here is that , whilst being ultimately sharp , quick-witted and astute , there is an alarmingly modest side to them as well ( maybe to be expected seeing as they 've barely put a distance between themselves and their former life in factory jobs and college courses ) .
the most significant point here is that , [while] being ultimately sharp , quick-witted and astute , there is an alarmingly modest side to them as well ( maybe to be expected seeing as they 've barely put a distance between themselves and their former life in factory jobs and college courses ) .

If , for example , one aim of private insurance was to deflect the work-force away from militancy whilst investing in human capital , trades union support for higher state pensions at earlier ages reflected a desire to create jobs for younger men whilst minimizing their own potential benefit payments .
if , for example , one aim of private insurance was to deflect the work-force away from militancy [while] investing in human capital , trades union support for higher state pensions at earlier ages reflected a desire to create jobs for younger men [while] minimizing their own potential benefit payments .

Whilst ‘ the elderly ’ have long been recognized as a distinct social category , ever-stricter stratification by age has emerged since industrialization ( Thomas 1976 ; Quadragno 1982 ) .
[while] ‘ the elderly ’ have long been recognized as a distinct social category , ever-stricter stratification by age has emerged since industrialization ( thomas 1976 ; quadragno 1982 ) .

First , the research relating to employment focused almost entirely upon men ( with the exception of Le Gros Clark 1962 ) , whilst that into medical and social conditions studied mainly women .
first , the research relating to employment focused almost entirely upon men ( with the exception of le gros clark 1962 ) , [while] that into medical and social conditions studied mainly women .

The different foci reflected the fact that the full-time paid labour force at retiring age was overwhelmingly male , whilst the majority of old people was female .
the different foci reflected the fact that the full-time paid labour force at retiring age was overwhelmingly male , [while] the majority of old people was female .

The shift between 1931 and 1951 is particularly significant , since the former census was taken during a period of heavy unemployment when employment opportunities for older workers were at a low level and public opinion did not favour efforts to promote it ; whilst in 1951 the exact opposite conditions prevailed .
the shift between 1931 and 1951 is particularly significant , since the former census was taken during a period of heavy unemployment when employment opportunities for older workers were at a low level and public opinion did not favour efforts to promote it ; [while] in 1951 the exact opposite conditions prevailed .

Derek Bevan , whilst pointing out that the quick throw-in does not happen very often in a game situation , is convinced that , overall , it would encourage a more open style of play .
derek bevan , [while] pointing out that the quick throw-in does not happen very often in a game situation , is convinced that , overall , it would encourage a more open style of play .

Whilst most of the world 's leading female tennis players were enjoying an end of season holiday .
[while] most of the world 's leading female tennis players were enjoying an end of season holiday .

She smiled as she recalled that Mrs Aggie had sworn a lot whilst that was being done .
she smiled as she recalled that mrs aggie had sworn a lot [while] that was being done .

Whilst air transport and travel was still in its infancy , Howey Bay averaged more than 100 flights per day , being made by floatplanes in the summer and ski-equipped aircraft in the winter .
[while] air transport and travel was still in its infancy , howey bay averaged more than 100 flights per day , being made by floatplanes in the summer and ski-equipped aircraft in the winter .

The clumps of colour grow in size until they become visible and are held together whilst the water evaporates .
the clumps of colour grow in size until they become visible and are held together [while] the water evaporates .

The ‘ three-triangle ’ gull arose from a student 's problem whilst on a course in Wales .
the ‘ three-triangle ’ gull arose from a student 's problem [while] on a course in wales .

Whilst few would wish to emulate their struggle , many would like to rival the quality and impact of their paintings .
[while] few would wish to emulate their struggle , many would like to rival the quality and impact of their paintings .

This is an opportunity for the public to gain a better awareness and understanding of the work of the artist , whilst he or she in turn can benefit from questioning and discussion if this leads to constructive self-evaluation and the stimulation of a fresh direction .
this is an opportunity for the public to gain a better awareness and understanding of the work of the artist , [while] he or she in turn can benefit from questioning and discussion if this leads to constructive self-evaluation and the stimulation of a fresh direction .

In the first part of the book the daunting business of perspective and proportion is thoroughly explained , whilst additionally there is good advice on drawing architectural details , curves and ellipses , and making use of shadows and reflections .
in the first part of the book the daunting business of perspective and proportion is thoroughly explained , [while] additionally there is good advice on drawing architectural details , curves and ellipses , and making use of shadows and reflections .

Learners are always given tasks to do whilst listening which encourages motivation and gives them a reason to listen .
learners are always given tasks to do [while] listening which encourages motivation and gives them a reason to listen .

Whilst not really in the FlyPast field this publication will be of great use to the enthusiast who needs an up-to-date concise listing of aircraft in Aussie .
[while] not really in the flypast field this publication will be of great use to the enthusiast who needs an up-to-date concise listing of aircraft in aussie .

As the communist terrorists lacked any real anti-aircraft defences , 1 Squadron did not lose any aircraft to hostile action whilst on operations .
as the communist terrorists lacked any real anti-aircraft defences , 1 squadron did not lose any aircraft to hostile action [while] on operations .

However three Lincolns suffered accidents whilst operating from Tengah in August 1950 , a Lincoln suffered a fire on board during a flight .
however three lincolns suffered accidents [while] operating from tengah in august 1950 , a lincoln suffered a fire on board during a flight .

Behind , beneath and about him are the oldest and dearest friends of the cause — whilst a liberated slave , now a delegate , is looking up to Clarkson with deep interest , and the hand of friendship is resting with affection on his arm , in fellowship and protection .
behind , beneath and about him are the oldest and dearest friends of the cause — [while] a liberated slave , now a delegate , is looking up to clarkson with deep interest , and the hand of friendship is resting with affection on his arm , in fellowship and protection .

The manager was advised to start by walking his zone so as to familiarize himself with it , and then ‘ scouts ’ would be sent out to call at homes whilst ‘ reliable boys ’ could be hired to ‘ politely deliver heralds ’ .
the manager was advised to start by walking his zone so as to familiarize himself with it , and then ‘ scouts ’ would be sent out to call at homes [while] ‘ reliable boys ’ could be hired to ‘ politely deliver heralds ’ .

In attracting the fashionable trade the industry was gaining friends who were socially and politically powerful and it was also nicely building up box-office takings for , whilst the better sort of customers attended less often than the workers , they paid considerably more when they did come .
in attracting the fashionable trade the industry was gaining friends who were socially and politically powerful and it was also nicely building up box-office takings for , [while] the better sort of customers attended less often than the workers , they paid considerably more when they did come .

To the movie producers the problem defined itself in terms of having to retain the loyalty of the masses whilst never questioning fundamental middle-class values and of having to show an unease about certain aspects of the distribution of wealth and social power without ever becoming political or radical .
to the movie producers the problem defined itself in terms of having to retain the loyalty of the masses [while] never questioning fundamental middle-class values and of having to show an unease about certain aspects of the distribution of wealth and social power without ever becoming political or radical .

Once the security of the industry was assured there was every incentive for the comedians to experiment , for comedy relied on movement , gesture , and illusion whilst photography and editing were now opening up all kinds of new possibilities .
once the security of the industry was assured there was every incentive for the comedians to experiment , for comedy relied on movement , gesture , and illusion [while] photography and editing were now opening up all kinds of new possibilities .

Whilst recalling his early hardships Chaplin also provided a clue as to how he had overcome them for he spoke of how he had ‘ slaved like a nigger to master the difficult steps that formed the routine of the eight Lancashire lads ’ .
[while] recalling his early hardships chaplin also provided a clue as to how he had overcome them for he spoke of how he had ‘ slaved like a nigger to master the difficult steps that formed the routine of the eight lancashire lads ’ .

To James Agate he belonged ‘ to humanity : he is one of us ’ , he is still ‘ a chap ’ , whilst to William Hunter he represented a universal type — ‘ the downtrodden vagabond isolated and alone ’ .
to james agate he belonged ‘ to humanity : he is one of us ’ , he is still ‘ a chap ’ , [while] to william hunter he represented a universal type — ‘ the downtrodden vagabond isolated and alone ’ .

Agate conceded that one occasionally saw cabinet ministers at the movies , but it was obvious to him that this particular audience had never heard the Mendelssohn , whilst his friend was prompted to comment that it was ‘ the first time they 've ever heard the fiddle ’ .
agate conceded that one occasionally saw cabinet ministers at the movies , but it was obvious to him that this particular audience had never heard the mendelssohn , [while] his friend was prompted to comment that it was ‘ the first time they 've ever heard the fiddle ’ .

The story of foreign geniuses at work in California was a strange and sad one ; great men were fascinated by the excitement and power of a city devoted to movies , whilst the studios were attracted by the notion of using these aliens to make profitable and prestigious films .
the story of foreign geniuses at work in california was a strange and sad one ; great men were fascinated by the excitement and power of a city devoted to movies , [while] the studios were attracted by the notion of using these aliens to make profitable and prestigious films .

Vidor was a Texan and a Christian Scientist who first started making his own movies whilst working as a projectionist in what he described as ‘ the remote part of Texas ’ .
vidor was a texan and a christian scientist who first started making his own movies [while] working as a projectionist in what he described as ‘ the remote part of texas ’ .

Some thought that far too many opulent and now half-empty movie palaces had been built for the elusive fashionable trade whilst others detected a more general dulling of the palate as the masses lost their enthusiasm for the old stories and seemed all too ready for something new .
some thought that far too many opulent and now half-empty movie palaces had been built for the elusive fashionable trade [while] others detected a more general dulling of the palate as the masses lost their enthusiasm for the old stories and seemed all too ready for something new .

Publicity was given to academic investigations whilst journals and organizations attempted to direct film-going by informing potential audiences as to which films they should attend and which ignore .
publicity was given to academic investigations [while] journals and organizations attempted to direct film-going by informing potential audiences as to which films they should attend and which ignore .

The toilet can also be flushed whilst the fan is in operation .
the toilet can also be flushed [while] the fan is in operation .

Whilst it was intended that children with minor handicaps would be able to attend mainstream schools , the act required that the blind , deaf , epileptic , physically handicapped and aphasic children must be educated in special schools .
[while] it was intended that children with minor handicaps would be able to attend mainstream schools , the act required that the blind , deaf , epileptic , physically handicapped and aphasic children must be educated in special schools .

The handicapped child , who would eventually have to move into society , would be ill-equipped to face that society 's tensions and realities whilst the ‘ normal ’ child would have had no experience , during the impressionable and formative years , of relating to the disabled .
the handicapped child , who would eventually have to move into society , would be ill-equipped to face that society 's tensions and realities [while] the ‘ normal ’ child would have had no experience , during the impressionable and formative years , of relating to the disabled .

Taking a more global view , one opinion is that the manufacturing industries should indeed move to developing countries whilst the advanced industries orientate their labour forces toward information and other service industries .
taking a more global view , one opinion is that the manufacturing industries should indeed move to developing countries [while] the advanced industries orientate their labour forces toward information and other service industries .

The specific skills which a person acquires whilst earning a living are combinations and developments of the standard skills of the normal healthy adult .
the specific skills which a person acquires [while] earning a living are combinations and developments of the standard skills of the normal healthy adult .

Both men improved their education whilst engaging in sporting exploits and , indeed , Molyneux was fêted in the London circles of the early nineteenth century .
both men improved their education [while] engaging in sporting exploits and , indeed , molyneux was fêted in the london circles of the early nineteenth century .

Whilst not doubting that the slaves were treated by their conquerors and masters as akin to live-stock rather than like human beings , it strains credulity to say that , in the decades after emancipation in 1865 , the stock somehow remained ‘ pure ’ .
[while] not doubting that the slaves were treated by their conquerors and masters as akin to live-stock rather than like human beings , it strains credulity to say that , in the decades after emancipation in 1865 , the stock somehow remained ‘ pure ’ .

Succinctly , he added : ‘ If your parents are poorly educated , what chance have you got ? ’ By the time he arrived at school-leaving age , he had realized the value of education for his career and so enrolled on a day-release college course , eventually completing a Full Technological Certificate , whilst training to be a painter and decorator .
succinctly , he added : ‘ if your parents are poorly educated , what chance have you got ? ’ by the time he arrived at school-leaving age , he had realized the value of education for his career and so enrolled on a day-release college course , eventually completing a full technological certificate , [while] training to be a painter and decorator .

Some religious have moved into smaller communities whilst carrying the responsibility for caring for their own elderly and sick brothers and sisters .
some religious have moved into smaller communities [while] carrying the responsibility for caring for their own elderly and sick brothers and sisters .

This is a new community facility which , whilst serving as a church , also offers a purpose built nursery and a training room .
this is a new community facility which , [while] serving as a church , also offers a purpose built nursery and a training room .

This point has been clearly demonstrated by recent reconsiderations of , for example , the nature of uneven regional development and economic under-development which show that both processes , whilst creating spatial patterns are , more fundamentally , outcomes of the operation of the economy rather than the result of autonomous geographical factors .
this point has been clearly demonstrated by recent reconsiderations of , for example , the nature of uneven regional development and economic under-development which show that both processes , [while] creating spatial patterns are , more fundamentally , outcomes of the operation of the economy rather than the result of autonomous geographical factors .

Whilst a little over a third of employers thought there was no difference , those employers who did state a preference were , in almost all cases , more likely to prefer other recruits to young people .
[while] a little over a third of employers thought there was no difference , those employers who did state a preference were , in almost all cases , more likely to prefer other recruits to young people .

Also whilst Women 's Studies , particularly in Higher Education , appears to have achieved a certain respectability and is flourishing , Black Studies is on the decline and receives little public support from those concerned about racism .
also [while] women 's studies , particularly in higher education , appears to have achieved a certain respectability and is flourishing , black studies is on the decline and receives little public support from those concerned about racism .

Although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in attempting to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , providing some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular variable whilst allowing for the influence of the others .
although the quantitative approach raises its own problems of methodology and measurement in attempting to model complex behaviour , it can be useful in sharpening concepts , providing some common ground between different disciplines and isolating the effects of one particular variable [while] allowing for the influence of the others .

In short , they have a dual role to perform ( Ruble , 1979 ) in mobilising workers behind production goals , whilst defending those same workers in job-related grievances against unscrupulous administrators and illegitimate managerial practices .
in short , they have a dual role to perform ( ruble , 1979 ) in mobilising workers behind production goals , [while] defending those same workers in job-related grievances against unscrupulous administrators and illegitimate managerial practices .

Industry bargaining was also preferable to employers in Italy since it allowed their associations to maintain a tight control on bargaining activities whilst at the same time freeing the individual employer from direct impact with the union — yet giving him ample leeway to influence his employees from outside union channels ( Treu , 1981 ) .
industry bargaining was also preferable to employers in italy since it allowed their associations to maintain a tight control on bargaining activities [while] at the same time freeing the individual employer from direct impact with the union — yet giving him ample leeway to influence his employees from outside union channels ( treu , 1981 ) .

The tool can only be turned on by pushing a lock-off switch on the rear handle with the thumb , whilst depressing the two triggers on the front and rear handles .
the tool can only be turned on by pushing a lock-off switch on the rear handle with the thumb , [while] depressing the two triggers on the front and rear handles .

maximum encouragement and support whilst errors are mastered ;
maximum encouragement and support [while] errors are mastered ;

They therefore need to gain insight into what language is and what it can do , insights which bilingual children intuitively possess ’ , and ‘ Whilst we recognise that they [ bilingual pupils ] need to gain access to standard forms of English — used widely as a vehicle for implementing the school curriculum , we recognise the value and importance of their own dialects and languages .
they therefore need to gain insight into what language is and what it can do , insights which bilingual children intuitively possess ’ , and ‘ [while] we recognise that they [ bilingual pupils ] need to gain access to standard forms of english — used widely as a vehicle for implementing the school curriculum , we recognise the value and importance of their own dialects and languages .

Some pupils of secondary school age who have special educational needs may continue to display some literacy skills within the lower levels associated with key stages 1 and 2 , so the teaching they receive in English will need to cater for this whilst incorporating material with a range and degree of interest , and in some cases intellectual demand , more appropriate to their chronological age .
some pupils of secondary school age who have special educational needs may continue to display some literacy skills within the lower levels associated with key stages 1 and 2 , so the teaching they receive in english will need to cater for this [while] incorporating material with a range and degree of interest , and in some cases intellectual demand , more appropriate to their chronological age .

There seems no doubt that the dead prisoners were handcuffed and this infuriated Hitler , who in October ordered that ‘ all enemy troops taking part in the so-called Commando operations … in uniform or not … whether in battle or whilst escaping … will be destroyed to the last man ’ .
there seems no doubt that the dead prisoners were handcuffed and this infuriated hitler , who in october ordered that ‘ all enemy troops taking part in the so-called commando operations … in uniform or not … whether in battle or [while] escaping … will be destroyed to the last man ’ .

Whilst hand planes require careful honing , setting and adjustment of blade , the electric version can shave off excess wood quickly and easily .
[while] hand planes require careful honing , setting and adjustment of blade , the electric version can shave off excess wood quickly and easily .

Whilst it is always advisable to have a power tool regularly serviced , including safety checks , we did like this practical information to save the d-i-yer unnecessary costs .
[while] it is always advisable to have a power tool regularly serviced , including safety checks , we did like this practical information to save the d-i-yer unnecessary costs .

Whilst the Spirit is ready to help prayerful communicators to guide them to hidden personal needs of which otherwise they would be unaware , he also expects us to take practical steps to discover the needs around us .
[while] the spirit is ready to help prayerful communicators to guide them to hidden personal needs of which otherwise they would be unaware , he also expects us to take practical steps to discover the needs around us .

The round pencil can be used for all subjects ; whilst the flat pencil can be used for broad strokes and the finest lines , when worn to a chisel edge .
the round pencil can be used for all subjects ; [while] the flat pencil can be used for broad strokes and the finest lines , when worn to a chisel edge .

This allows watercolour techniques — such as lifting colour whilst retaining durability .
this allows watercolour techniques — such as lifting colour [while] retaining durability .

He referred in indignant terms to the action of less than 50 members ( largely socialist ) in voting that the society should be represented in Parliament and on local bodies only by those who choose to go through the Labour party , whilst all members were called upon to pay the cost .
he referred in indignant terms to the action of less than 50 members ( largely socialist ) in voting that the society should be represented in parliament and on local bodies only by those who choose to go through the labour party , [while] all members were called upon to pay the cost .

‘ Whilst you remain here with us — and let me say here and now that there will be a place here for you for as long as you wish — you will share in the life of the household and have all provided .
‘ [while] you remain here with us — and let me say here and now that there will be a place here for you for as long as you wish — you will share in the life of the household and have all provided .

Whilst this was of some concern to Anne , who relied greatly on Joan , it was of no concern to Joan herself : enthralled by everything she saw , by fairytale glimpses of the capital , the palace and the royal family , she viewed everything and everyone with avid interest .
[while] this was of some concern to anne , who relied greatly on joan , it was of no concern to joan herself : enthralled by everything she saw , by fairytale glimpses of the capital , the palace and the royal family , she viewed everything and everyone with avid interest .

She watched , listened , learned and assessed , speaking only when spoken to in general — whilst all the while making her plans and looking to the future …
she watched , listened , learned and assessed , speaking only when spoken to in general — [while] all the while making her plans and looking to the future …

Joan had regaled her with details of the Twelfth Night festivities — whilst remaining noticeably reticent on the subject of Prince Edward .
joan had regaled her with details of the twelfth night festivities — [while] remaining noticeably reticent on the subject of prince edward .

‘ Then you think that whilst he is in truth enamoured of myself , he sees you as second best . ’
‘ then you think that [while] he is in truth enamoured of myself , he sees you as second best . ’

There was silence in the library for several moments , whilst Joan digested the astonishing facts .
there was silence in the library for several moments , [while] joan digested the astonishing facts .

Whilst he missed his brother 's company , he welcomed the opportunity for being alone with his thoughts .
[while] he missed his brother 's company , he welcomed the opportunity for being alone with his thoughts .

She embraced her younger son warmly and with expressions of joy — whilst quite unable to restrain her tears .
she embraced her younger son warmly and with expressions of joy — [while] quite unable to restrain her tears .

He was shut away in sanctuary with the female members of his family , whilst the king his brother and , as he told himself , every other male of importance in the realm , would shortly be taking up residence in the Tower .
he was shut away in sanctuary with the female members of his family , [while] the king his brother and , as he told himself , every other male of importance in the realm , would shortly be taking up residence in the tower .

‘ Whilst there may be sanctuary men and sanctuary women — ’ he pointed out , producing as it were his trump card , ‘ — since children can commit no crime for which asylum would be needed , the privilege of sanctuary can not be extended to them .
‘ [while] there may be sanctuary men and sanctuary women — ’ he pointed out , producing as it were his trump card , ‘ — since children can commit no crime for which asylum would be needed , the privilege of sanctuary can not be extended to them .

Whilst the rest of the deputation waited uneasily , the cardinal , as spokesman , gently and courteously used every argument to persuade the queen-dowager to relinquish Prince Richard .
[while] the rest of the deputation waited uneasily , the cardinal , as spokesman , gently and courteously used every argument to persuade the queen-dowager to relinquish prince richard .

‘ Whilst one can needless to say appreciate your anxiety for one born to high estate and deprived over-soon of the protection of his sire , pray be assured that were King Edward of happy memory here with us now , he would urge you to relinquish your over-protectiveness of the prince .
‘ [while] one can needless to say appreciate your anxiety for one born to high estate and deprived over-soon of the protection of his sire , pray be assured that were king edward of happy memory here with us now , he would urge you to relinquish your over-protectiveness of the prince .

Each of these princes is safe whilst they be asunder .
each of these princes is safe [while] they be asunder .

‘ The duke will never be dead whilst you are alive , child , ’ smiled Lady Alianor , as soon as her guest was seated .
‘ the duke will never be dead [while] you are alive , child , ’ smiled lady alianor , as soon as her guest was seated .

The queen-dowager had her own reasons for wishing to keep her daughter-in-law close at hand — whilst accepting that her remaining in sanctuary in the circumstances was out of the question .
the queen-dowager had her own reasons for wishing to keep her daughter-in-law close at hand — [while] accepting that her remaining in sanctuary in the circumstances was out of the question .

‘ Pray be seated , my lady , ’ he said , using the courtesy title whilst not for an instant confusing her with her half-sister .
‘ pray be seated , my lady , ’ he said , using the courtesy title [while] not for an instant confusing her with her half-sister .

‘ None knows you are here save my manservant — and your bridegroom , as you said , ’ interposed Edward , as if he must reveal what was in his mind whilst there was yet time .
‘ none knows you are here save my manservant — and your bridegroom , as you said , ’ interposed edward , as if he must reveal what was in his mind [while] there was yet time .

‘ Whilst it was the physician 's opinion that she had not had carnal relations for some two years , he could not say for certain .
‘ [while] it was the physician 's opinion that she had not had carnal relations for some two years , he could not say for certain .

But this influence is often very diffuse , appearing to fulfil leaders ' campaign promises or obligations to interest groups in very symbolic ways , whilst the underlying configuration of policy-making and policy outputs is scarcely affected .
but this influence is often very diffuse , appearing to fulfil leaders ' campaign promises or obligations to interest groups in very symbolic ways , [while] the underlying configuration of policy-making and policy outputs is scarcely affected .

Whilst not denying the symbolic role of leaders , radical elite theorists are more concerned to establish that behind the diversity of official power holders in every liberal democracy there is a defacto centralization of ‘ real ’ decision-making power in the hands of a core executive : the locus of the power elite .
[while] not denying the symbolic role of leaders , radical elite theorists are more concerned to establish that behind the diversity of official power holders in every liberal democracy there is a defacto centralization of ‘ real ’ decision-making power in the hands of a core executive : the locus of the power elite .

For example , territorially based regional parties may adopt secessionist strategies or ‘ micro-nationalism ’ , whilst parties organizing ethnic groups or social classes excluded from representation in government may adopt ‘ ghetto politics ’ and refuse to participate in the political system .
for example , territorially based regional parties may adopt secessionist strategies or ‘ micro-nationalism ’ , [while] parties organizing ethnic groups or social classes excluded from representation in government may adopt ‘ ghetto politics ’ and refuse to participate in the political system .

Workforces in small firms are generally non-unionized , lower paid and more vulnerable to unemployment , whilst workers in large corporations are highly unionized , better paid and less routinely vulnerable to job losses .
workforces in small firms are generally non-unionized , lower paid and more vulnerable to unemployment , [while] workers in large corporations are highly unionized , better paid and less routinely vulnerable to job losses .

Whilst the extension of the franchise and Christopher Addison 's hopes for building the ‘ homes fit for heroes ’ showed a genuine desire for the radical elements in government to reform British society , the fact that Britain needed to export nearly one-third of her output to pay for essential imports necessitated the re-establishment of settled trading patterns and the development of new markets .
[while] the extension of the franchise and christopher addison 's hopes for building the ‘ homes fit for heroes ’ showed a genuine desire for the radical elements in government to reform british society , the fact that britain needed to export nearly one-third of her output to pay for essential imports necessitated the re-establishment of settled trading patterns and the development of new markets .

Active members paid six shillings a month whilst inactive ones paid one shilling .
active members paid six shillings a month [while] inactive ones paid one shilling .

Whilst researching the material for her second book , the Chevalier de Boufflers , a romantic story about two French aristocrats on the eve of the French Revolution , she underwent a mystical experience .
[while] researching the material for her second book , the chevalier de boufflers , a romantic story about two french aristocrats on the eve of the french revolution , she underwent a mystical experience .

Whilst there were obvious similarities between this tradition and nazism , its inspiration and origins occur in a period before anybody in England had heard of Hitler .
[while] there were obvious similarities between this tradition and nazism , its inspiration and origins occur in a period before anybody in england had heard of hitler .

Whilst the inconclusive debate between monogenists and polygenists in anthropology , and the influence of Christianity and political liberalism , somewhat tempered the ethnocentrism of scientific and official attitudes , the Darwinian revolution swept away many of the restraints which checked the development of racist views , at least for those who could see no difference between evolution in the natural world and human achievements .
[while] the inconclusive debate between monogenists and polygenists in anthropology , and the influence of christianity and political liberalism , somewhat tempered the ethnocentrism of scientific and official attitudes , the darwinian revolution swept away many of the restraints which checked the development of racist views , at least for those who could see no difference between evolution in the natural world and human achievements .

Whilst their more extreme suggestions were disregarded , the degree of concern was duly communicated to the government .
[while] their more extreme suggestions were disregarded , the degree of concern was duly communicated to the government .

Spectra , supporting Motorola Inc ' 68000 microprocessors at the target system end and Sun Microsystems Inc 's Sparcstations at the host end , is designed to maximise host tool operations whilst minimising their dependence on the target system , with a host resident target manager controlling the debugging activity that would normally burden the target system .
spectra , supporting motorola inc ' 68000 microprocessors at the target system end and sun microsystems inc 's sparcstations at the host end , is designed to maximise host tool operations [while] minimising their dependence on the target system , with a host resident target manager controlling the debugging activity that would normally burden the target system .

45 % of Informix 's current revenue stream is derived from the Americas , whilst Europe generates 43 % and the Asia/Pacific region accounts 12 % .
45 % of informix 's current revenue stream is derived from the americas , [while] europe generates 43 % and the asia/pacific region accounts 12 % .

Whilst the conference lacked the hardware launches that dominated last year 's show , companies announced more software for their systems as supercomputers try to move into the mainstream .
[while] the conference lacked the hardware launches that dominated last year 's show , companies announced more software for their systems as supercomputers try to move into the mainstream .

if time allows , it might be easier to tell them whilst you are well and able to continue with your every day routine .
if time allows , it might be easier to tell them [while] you are well and able to continue with your every day routine .

So , whilst your antibody test may be negative during this period , you could be infected and therefore infectious to other people .
so , [while] your antibody test may be negative during this period , you could be infected and therefore infectious to other people .

Whilst fucking have a look from time to time to make sure it 's still in one piece .
[while] fucking have a look from time to time to make sure it 's still in one piece .

No 6 , ‘ Padarn ’ carries an early single-tone at present whilst that off ‘ Eryi ’ is now undergoing further development at home .
no 6 , ‘ padarn ’ carries an early single-tone at present [while] that off ‘ eryi ’ is now undergoing further development at home .

Against all odds , Royal Berkshire took the men 's title and the coveted Trophy back to Bracknell , whilst Long Road , Cambridge took the short road to victory in the women 's event without dropping a set .
against all odds , royal berkshire took the men 's title and the coveted trophy back to bracknell , [while] long road , cambridge took the short road to victory in the women 's event without dropping a set .

Whilst there is no formal age limit for this post , in accordance with the initiative to bring young staff into the profession , it is likely that preference will generally be given to staff at an early stage in their career .
[while] there is no formal age limit for this post , in accordance with the initiative to bring young staff into the profession , it is likely that preference will generally be given to staff at an early stage in their career .

Whilst experience of handling data from biological experiments is desirable , an ability to learn a new area of science and to communicate quantitative ideas to a general scientific audience is essential .
[while] experience of handling data from biological experiments is desirable , an ability to learn a new area of science and to communicate quantitative ideas to a general scientific audience is essential .

Seamus Hegarty 's Meeting Special Needs in Ordinary Schools gives an introduction to the field of special needs as a whole , whilst Sheila Wolfendale 's Primary Schools and Special Needs and John Sayer 's Secondary Schools for All ?
seamus hegarty 's meeting special needs in ordinary schools gives an introduction to the field of special needs as a whole , [while] sheila wolfendale 's primary schools and special needs and john sayer 's secondary schools for all ?

Unit provision should enable pupils to have their special needs met in an individual way whilst they are benefiting from the environment of an ordinary school .
unit provision should enable pupils to have their special needs met in an individual way [while] they are benefiting from the environment of an ordinary school .

Pupils who are blind or who have significant and serious problems of sight have special educational needs whilst at the same time sharing major areas of learning and development with their fully sighted classmates .
pupils who are blind or who have significant and serious problems of sight have special educational needs [while] at the same time sharing major areas of learning and development with their fully sighted classmates .

These presentations are referred to as pseudoisochromatic or confusion plates and set a task in which the normal eye can discriminate figures composed of coloured dots , whilst the eye with abnormal colour vision can not do so .
these presentations are referred to as pseudoisochromatic or confusion plates and set a task in which the normal eye can discriminate figures composed of coloured dots , [while] the eye with abnormal colour vision can not do so .

Whilst vision screening for the school population as a whole is essential in order to identify pupils with sight defects so that they can have appropriate treatment and correction when this is applicable , there are implications for educators too , arising from the procedures used to identify children with visual handicap .
[while] vision screening for the school population as a whole is essential in order to identify pupils with sight defects so that they can have appropriate treatment and correction when this is applicable , there are implications for educators too , arising from the procedures used to identify children with visual handicap .

Whilst the clinical measurements of visual acuity and visual field yield key information for medical purposes of treatment and correction when possible , they also afford scientifically accurate data to be used as a basis for presenting learning materials that involve the use of vision .
[while] the clinical measurements of visual acuity and visual field yield key information for medical purposes of treatment and correction when possible , they also afford scientifically accurate data to be used as a basis for presenting learning materials that involve the use of vision .

For instance , there are examples of children with very low levels of vision in terms of measured acuity who use what vision they have remarkably effectively for learning , whilst there are others , less motivated , who use a higher recorded level of acuity apparently to very little effect in day-to-day tasks .
for instance , there are examples of children with very low levels of vision in terms of measured acuity who use what vision they have remarkably effectively for learning , [while] there are others , less motivated , who use a higher recorded level of acuity apparently to very little effect in day-to-day tasks .

There are various ways in which the visual field can be reduced or interrupted , causing problems with some school tasks whilst apparently not affecting others .
there are various ways in which the visual field can be reduced or interrupted , causing problems with some school tasks [while] apparently not affecting others .

Both pupils and their parents need to know that spectacles will neither cure a visual condition , nor hasten its deterioration ; they will simply give necessary correction to vision in appropriate cases whilst they are being worn .
both pupils and their parents need to know that spectacles will neither cure a visual condition , nor hasten its deterioration ; they will simply give necessary correction to vision in appropriate cases [while] they are being worn .

Usually the microscope will provide a wider viewing field but a short working distance , whilst the telescope give a longer working distance but smaller field of view .
usually the microscope will provide a wider viewing field but a short working distance , [while] the telescope give a longer working distance but smaller field of view .

The guide should be slightly in front whilst the blind pupil holds the guide 's arm lightly just above the elbow .
the guide should be slightly in front [while] the blind pupil holds the guide 's arm lightly just above the elbow .

Whilst specific lighting recommendations for study are discussed later in this chapter , in general terms good overall lighting is needed in an environment where there are visually handicapped pupils .
[while] specific lighting recommendations for study are discussed later in this chapter , in general terms good overall lighting is needed in an environment where there are visually handicapped pupils .

At the present time teachers may be working with limited resources whilst seeking to meet the varying demands of children with special educational needs .
at the present time teachers may be working with limited resources [while] seeking to meet the varying demands of children with special educational needs .

Whilst considering lighting levels , the problems of open spaces should be appreciated .
[while] considering lighting levels , the problems of open spaces should be appreciated .

Raefnaeskol in Kalundberg in Denmark is able to offer holiday summer schools for visually handicapped pupils who are otherwise in ordinary schools but who apparently welcome the social interaction with other visually disabled pupils , whilst enjoying integrated schooling at other times .
raefnaeskol in kalundberg in denmark is able to offer holiday summer schools for visually handicapped pupils who are otherwise in ordinary schools but who apparently welcome the social interaction with other visually disabled pupils , [while] enjoying integrated schooling at other times .

The line-up for the fourth Grand Slam Finals of the Vauxhall Indoor Tennis Trophy reflects a mixture of old and new , as former champions Queen 's Club make the grade for the fourth time , whilst Royal Berkshire earn a place in the last four for the first time in their debut Trophy season .
the line-up for the fourth grand slam finals of the vauxhall indoor tennis trophy reflects a mixture of old and new , as former champions queen 's club make the grade for the fourth time , [while] royal berkshire earn a place in the last four for the first time in their debut trophy season .

Top seeds for the men 's title , however , are Yorkshire 's Ilkley — fronted by Gary Henderson , with support from Simon Ickringill — who meet Berkshire in the semis , whilst No .
top seeds for the men 's title , however , are yorkshire 's ilkley — fronted by gary henderson , with support from simon ickringill — who meet berkshire in the semis , [while] no .

The Anatom gives the foot more freedom to move more naturally , whilst reducing potentially dangerous side to side movements .
the anatom gives the foot more freedom to move more naturally , [while] reducing potentially dangerous side to side movements .

Whilst we did not expect the same standard of play we should have expected something better .
[while] we did not expect the same standard of play we should have expected something better .

These marine otters of California regularly open mollusc shells , whilst floating on their backs , by banging them against a rock balanced on their bellies .
these marine otters of california regularly open mollusc shells , [while] floating on their backs , by banging them against a rock balanced on their bellies .

This means it could hold on with a couple of limbs whilst feeding with the others .
this means it could hold on with a couple of limbs [while] feeding with the others .

It is the solution that offers the best balance between advantages and disadvantages — the animals gain the greatest degree of mutual protection from predators whilst sacrificing the least in terms of their ability to find food in the inhospitable terrain .
it is the solution that offers the best balance between advantages and disadvantages — the animals gain the greatest degree of mutual protection from predators [while] sacrificing the least in terms of their ability to find food in the inhospitable terrain .

Whilst the confrontation between the Spanish Republic and its right-wing opponents may have differed in significant respects from the events surrounding the death of democracy in , for example , Italy , Germany and Austria — not least because in Spain there was a three-year civil war — the underlying similarities were real enough .
[while] the confrontation between the spanish republic and its right-wing opponents may have differed in significant respects from the events surrounding the death of democracy in , for example , italy , germany and austria — not least because in spain there was a three-year civil war — the underlying similarities were real enough .

Throughout much of urban Spain the lower-middle class , whilst larger than is sometimes suggested , was engaged in relatively small-scale economic activities involving little in the way of enterprise : family-based manufacturing , localized commerce , a primitive service sector , and not least important the buying , selling and leasing of land — a major middle-class preoccupation since the disentailment of the Church 's landed property in the mid-nineteenth century .
throughout much of urban spain the lower-middle class , [while] larger than is sometimes suggested , was engaged in relatively small-scale economic activities involving little in the way of enterprise : family-based manufacturing , localized commerce , a primitive service sector , and not least important the buying , selling and leasing of land — a major middle-class preoccupation since the disentailment of the church 's landed property in the mid-nineteenth century .

Whilst Catalanism was at least acceptably ‘ progressive ’ , Basque nationalism was seen by most Republicans and Socialists as ‘ reactionary ’ .
[while] catalanism was at least acceptably ‘ progressive ’ , basque nationalism was seen by most republicans and socialists as ‘ reactionary ’ .

Whilst under the protection of a sympathetic government the balance of power had unquestionably shifted perceptibly towards the lower classes , landlords and employers remained sufficiently strong and confident to be poised for a counter-attack should the political climate change .
[while] under the protection of a sympathetic government the balance of power had unquestionably shifted perceptibly towards the lower classes , landlords and employers remained sufficiently strong and confident to be poised for a counter-attack should the political climate change .

Betty is the front-of-house person with all the gregariousness needed to put her guests at ease and in the holiday spirit , whilst Victor is the ( trained ) chef .
betty is the front-of-house person with all the gregariousness needed to put her guests at ease and in the holiday spirit , [while] victor is the ( trained ) chef .

Henry James was inspired to write The Spoils of Poynton whilst living here .
henry james was inspired to write the spoils of poynton [while] living here .

Whilst the three hundred acre farm is run by Hayden Lloyd , his wife , Yvonne , takes great pleasure in looking after the guests .
[while] the three hundred acre farm is run by hayden lloyd , his wife , yvonne , takes great pleasure in looking after the guests .

The building dates back to 1510 and , whilst it has been sympathetically modernised , it retains much of its original character .
the building dates back to 1510 and , [while] it has been sympathetically modernised , it retains much of its original character .

It has been sympathetically modernised and restored whilst retaining beamed ceilings and open fires in the lounge bar and television lounge .
it has been sympathetically modernised and restored [while] retaining beamed ceilings and open fires in the lounge bar and television lounge .

Sharon is a cordon bleu trained cook and provides an excellent five-course table d'hôte menu whilst Attilio , who is something of an amateur but enthusiastic wine expert , will advise you on a suitable choice of wine .
sharon is a cordon bleu trained cook and provides an excellent five-course table d'hôte menu [while] attilio , who is something of an amateur but enthusiastic wine expert , will advise you on a suitable choice of wine .

Just step outside the hotel and look at the sheep-dotted hills , whilst above birds of prey hover and swoop .
just step outside the hotel and look at the sheep-dotted hills , [while] above birds of prey hover and swoop .

The three-course dinner menu makes good use of Scottish produce namely game and seafood , and whilst some recipes are traditional , others are home-brewed .
the three-course dinner menu makes good use of scottish produce namely game and seafood , and [while] some recipes are traditional , others are home-brewed .

Whilst the exterior of the house is largely unaltered since its earliest days , the interior has been completely refurbished , although the main architectural feature , a stunning central spiral staircase , remains .
[while] the exterior of the house is largely unaltered since its earliest days , the interior has been completely refurbished , although the main architectural feature , a stunning central spiral staircase , remains .

Today it is modern and comfortable whilst it still retains an ‘ old world ’ character .
today it is modern and comfortable [while] it still retains an ‘ old world ’ character .

Whilst no evening meal is provided there are plenty of local pubs and restaurants within a two-mile radius .
[while] no evening meal is provided there are plenty of local pubs and restaurants within a two-mile radius .

Whilst Necromunda could not conceivably have changed , it would nevertheless seem as alien as any of the worlds that they might visit in the interim .
[while] necromunda could not conceivably have changed , it would nevertheless seem as alien as any of the worlds that they might visit in the interim .

Whilst the heart of that entity fed on … worship , which was being damnably denied .
[while] the heart of that entity fed on … worship , which was being damnably denied .

He was sealed into that ample vessel with lead — the metal must have been poured whilst molten , then had hardened around his butt .
he was sealed into that ample vessel with lead — the metal must have been poured [while] molten , then had hardened around his butt .

There is a stainless steel lining with other easily cleaned surfaces , a gas cool box mainly for storing sandwiches to keep them fresh , whilst no open food is carried .
there is a stainless steel lining with other easily cleaned surfaces , a gas cool box mainly for storing sandwiches to keep them fresh , [while] no open food is carried .

Tony Marinello 's speciality was to escape from behind the bar whilst Ivie was holding forth , and to ask any unescorted woman for a dance regardless of her age or her inclination .
tony marinello 's speciality was to escape from behind the bar [while] ivie was holding forth , and to ask any unescorted woman for a dance regardless of her age or her inclination .

’ This was something else … and whilst it might not exactly be welcome , the results would certainly be interesting .
’ this was something else … and [while] it might not exactly be welcome , the results would certainly be interesting .

However , my enjoyment in witnessing this rejuvenated Athletico is spoilt by the fact that Terry Wade has so far persisted in wearing white shorts whilst the rest of his team mates wear the customary black .
however , my enjoyment in witnessing this rejuvenated athletico is spoilt by the fact that terry wade has so far persisted in wearing white shorts [while] the rest of his team mates wear the customary black .

Already Steve Gillery and myself have suffered the humiliation of having to feign tears , whilst pointing at nothing , for the sake of press photographers .
already steve gillery and myself have suffered the humiliation of having to feign tears , [while] pointing at nothing , for the sake of press photographers .

Romerez , McDougall and Smith all had work commitments , whilst Jason Pratt and Darren Twink were fulfilling their community service orders .
romerez , mcdougall and smith all had work commitments , [while] jason pratt and darren twink were fulfilling their community service orders .

Thus whilst transactions cost and contractual rights approaches are capable of considerable insights , and have strong links with delegation and strategic issues which will be discussed later , they do not yet lend themselves very readily to propositions in welfare economics .
thus [while] transactions cost and contractual rights approaches are capable of considerable insights , and have strong links with delegation and strategic issues which will be discussed later , they do not yet lend themselves very readily to propositions in welfare economics .

The line ( 0 ) is the reaction function of manufacturer 1 whilst is the reaction function of the retailer of 2 's product when charged an input price ( costs are assumed here to equal zero ) .
the line ( 0 ) is the reaction function of manufacturer 1 [while] is the reaction function of the retailer of 2 's product when charged an input price ( costs are assumed here to equal zero ) .

He heard a fountain play , and marvelled at white stucco terraces ablaze with a riot of assorted bougainvillaea whilst smartly uniformed staff served a wealthy and sophisticated clientèle .
he heard a fountain play , and marvelled at white stucco terraces ablaze with a riot of assorted bougainvillaea [while] smartly uniformed staff served a wealthy and sophisticated clientèle .

’ Stephen clapped his hands and picked up Elaine 's grip , whilst a porter took the trolley loaded with three large suitcases and two carrier bags packed full of magazines , newspapers and duty-free goods .
’ stephen clapped his hands and picked up elaine 's grip , [while] a porter took the trolley loaded with three large suitcases and two carrier bags packed full of magazines , newspapers and duty-free goods .

Christina joined in whilst James and Elaine looked helplessly at each other .
christina joined in [while] james and elaine looked helplessly at each other .

Clyde struggled with one heavy suitcase whilst James and Stephen carried the other two .
clyde struggled with one heavy suitcase [while] james and stephen carried the other two .

Stephen carried the small portable barbecue and coals , whilst James brought up the rear with the ice-box full of food , wine and local Banks ' beer .
stephen carried the small portable barbecue and coals , [while] james brought up the rear with the ice-box full of food , wine and local banks ' beer .

She stepped forward , and Stephen stood impatiently shifting his weight from one foot to the other whilst she struggled to fasten his bow-tie .
she stepped forward , and stephen stood impatiently shifting his weight from one foot to the other [while] she struggled to fasten his bow-tie .

He stressed that this would be temporary whilst he looked for a replacement .
he stressed that this would be temporary [while] he looked for a replacement .

’ It was said in such a way that it was difficult to refuse , and Stephen felt obliged to sit next to her , smiling awkwardly into the camera , whilst Christina looked on , unable to prevent a suspicion that the whole scene had been orchestrated by the two Americans .
’ it was said in such a way that it was difficult to refuse , and stephen felt obliged to sit next to her , smiling awkwardly into the camera , [while] christina looked on , unable to prevent a suspicion that the whole scene had been orchestrated by the two americans .

Antonio devoured half of his burger in one bite , whilst Susanna took a tiny morsel of lobster .
antonio devoured half of his burger in one bite , [while] susanna took a tiny morsel of lobster .

She was flustered , and tried unsuccessfully to push her shirt back into her shorts whilst speaking to Stephen and holding the phone .
she was flustered , and tried unsuccessfully to push her shirt back into her shorts [while] speaking to stephen and holding the phone .

Soon after your arrival you 're interviewed and put on what 's called ‘ house assessment ’ — house cleaning for the first five weeks — whilst the screws work out what would be the best work for you .
soon after your arrival you 're interviewed and put on what 's called ‘ house assessment ’ — house cleaning for the first five weeks — [while] the screws work out what would be the best work for you .

Many are kept in prison for several weeks , sometimes months , as was the case for Jean , whilst psychiatric and medical reports are prepared for the courts .
many are kept in prison for several weeks , sometimes months , as was the case for jean , [while] psychiatric and medical reports are prepared for the courts .

Podder hit the board whilst batting in a match between Dingley Dell and Muggleton , and afterwards orally requested Pickwick to pay £ % ; to Mrs Jingle , to whom Podder was indebted for board and lodging .
podder hit the board [while] batting in a match between dingley dell and muggleton , and afterwards orally requested pickwick to pay £ % ; to mrs jingle , to whom podder was indebted for board and lodging .

Barrow had succeeded to Lehmann 's old position , and whilst his contribution to this scheme was negligible , his role as leader of the Dispersionist faction in the House made his presence here essential .
barrow had succeeded to lehmann 's old position , and [while] his contribution to this scheme was negligible , his role as leader of the dispersionist faction in the house made his presence here essential .

’ His voice was muffled by something — could it be that he was smoking a cigar even whilst disembodied ?
’ his voice was muffled by something — could it be that he was smoking a cigar even [while] disembodied ?

‘ What are you frightened of , Ian ? ’ He probed me psychologically , whilst laying siege with the battering ram of his biro to the airy battlements of the beard .
‘ what are you frightened of , ian ? ’ he probed me psychologically , [while] laying siege with the battering ram of his biro to the airy battlements of the beard .

Social commentators noted that this phenomenon was not new : bright colours and rising skirts apparently went with good times whilst body concealment and drab tones accompanied depression .
social commentators noted that this phenomenon was not new : bright colours and rising skirts apparently went with good times [while] body concealment and drab tones accompanied depression .

This tough , all-weather garment , actually designed for field sports wear , features capacious pockets suitable for the stowing of dead birds whilst in Wiltshire , or , more often than not , a hanky , purse and cheque book in town .
this tough , all-weather garment , actually designed for field sports wear , features capacious pockets suitable for the stowing of dead birds [while] in wiltshire , or , more often than not , a hanky , purse and cheque book in town .

Thus , whilst important , numbers here are still small relative to other areas .
thus , [while] important , numbers here are still small relative to other areas .

The levelling-off will be due to the coincidence of the smaller birth cohorts of the pre-war years entering old age whilst the larger war and post-war cohorts are of working age .
the levelling-off will be due to the coincidence of the smaller birth cohorts of the pre-war years entering old age [while] the larger war and post-war cohorts are of working age .

The dominant approaches in psychology in the first half of this century were summarised by Kammerer in 1940 as follows : Allen and Pearson ( 1928 ) had concluded , on the basis of case studies , that : Whilst the Adlerian Rudolf Dreikurs argued in 1948 that : Since then individual psychology and its therapeutically oriented offshoots have continued in this vein , and debated the degree and nature of pathology supposed to follow , directly or indirectly , from impairment .
the dominant approaches in psychology in the first half of this century were summarised by kammerer in 1940 as follows : allen and pearson ( 1928 ) had concluded , on the basis of case studies , that : [while] the adlerian rudolf dreikurs argued in 1948 that : since then individual psychology and its therapeutically oriented offshoots have continued in this vein , and debated the degree and nature of pathology supposed to follow , directly or indirectly , from impairment .

Whilst the quantitative researchers referred to above , following the innate cautiousness of their method , make few explicit generalisations and predictions , no such reticence characterises the qualitative studies of disabled people produced by researchers of the interactionist school .
[while] the quantitative researchers referred to above , following the innate cautiousness of their method , make few explicit generalisations and predictions , no such reticence characterises the qualitative studies of disabled people produced by researchers of the interactionist school .

Whilst mechanisms , sometimes of ‘ passing ’ , more often of ‘ coping ’ , are described , we are left with the impression that ‘ shameful difference ’ and its consequences are an immutable fact of social life , for physically impaired people : ‘ it is possible that there are no exemptions for incapacity in such areas as aesthetic norms ’ ( Haber and Smith , 1971 , p. 95 ) .
[while] mechanisms , sometimes of ‘ passing ’ , more often of ‘ coping ’ , are described , we are left with the impression that ‘ shameful difference ’ and its consequences are an immutable fact of social life , for physically impaired people : ‘ it is possible that there are no exemptions for incapacity in such areas as aesthetic norms ’ ( haber and smith , 1971 , p. 95 ) .

Whilst other sections of the population are clearly severely affected by these government policies , disabled people experience these particular ‘ reforms ’ as an attack on their human right not to be incarcerated without trial and conviction , in so far as it renders it in some cases impossible to live outside institutions .
[while] other sections of the population are clearly severely affected by these government policies , disabled people experience these particular ‘ reforms ’ as an attack on their human right not to be incarcerated without trial and conviction , in so far as it renders it in some cases impossible to live outside institutions .

100 — 1 ) , whilst clearly defining the difference between integration practices based on location ( locational integration ) and those based on the needs of the individual ( social and functional integration ) , do not fully address the real issues of integration .
100 — 1 ) , [while] clearly defining the difference between integration practices based on location ( locational integration ) and those based on the needs of the individual ( social and functional integration ) , do not fully address the real issues of integration .

Meik saw her chance to slip away whilst the going was good .
meik saw her chance to slip away [while] the going was good .

Back in the projection room , she insisted on the list of names before bending over the balcony , so that he could shag her whilst they both watched the film .
back in the projection room , she insisted on the list of names before bending over the balcony , so that he could shag her [while] they both watched the film .

Whilst Hobbes described the rational structure of such a concentration of power and developed it into a veritable philosophy of power , Locke , taking up the challenge , demanded that the exercise of this power , although it was derived from the ultimate and unified source of all power the people remain divided by virtue of a fundamental decision .
[while] hobbes described the rational structure of such a concentration of power and developed it into a veritable philosophy of power , locke , taking up the challenge , demanded that the exercise of this power , although it was derived from the ultimate and unified source of all power the people remain divided by virtue of a fundamental decision .

This allows the cathedral organist to devote most of his time to directing the choir , whilst the assistant or scholar provides the organ accompaniment .
this allows the cathedral organist to devote most of his time to directing the choir , [while] the assistant or scholar provides the organ accompaniment .

The Church of Scotland sets great store by metrical psalms , whilst the Free Church of Scotland sings its psalms unaccompanied by instruments .
the church of scotland sets great store by metrical psalms , [while] the free church of scotland sings its psalms unaccompanied by instruments .

St. Mary 's Abbey , West Malling , has also been influential in helping other Anglican communities to attempt new musical expression whilst remaining within a monastic ethos .
st. mary 's abbey , west malling , has also been influential in helping other anglican communities to attempt new musical expression [while] remaining within a monastic ethos .

The simplicity of their melodic lines invoke the melismas of plainchant , whilst the harmonies which accompany the melody suggest the depths of Orthodox chanting .
the simplicity of their melodic lines invoke the melismas of plainchant , [while] the harmonies which accompany the melody suggest the depths of orthodox chanting .

Whilst some small provision is still made for such study , the College 's aim today is ‘ to train young musicians for careers as performers and teachers of music ’ ( Gowrie : Review of the London Music Conservatories , 1980 ) .
[while] some small provision is still made for such study , the college 's aim today is ‘ to train young musicians for careers as performers and teachers of music ’ ( gowrie : review of the london music conservatories , 1980 ) .

Those making a decision need also to have in mind that , whilst an electronic instrument requires no tuning and very little maintenance , its life expectancy is at present shorter than that of a pipe organ .
those making a decision need also to have in mind that , [while] an electronic instrument requires no tuning and very little maintenance , its life expectancy is at present shorter than that of a pipe organ .

The sopranino has a pure , bright tone , whilst the treble gives a mellow sound in the mezzo-soprano range .
the sopranino has a pure , bright tone , [while] the treble gives a mellow sound in the mezzo-soprano range .

Whilst the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 contains many fair-dealing provisions , no exceptions are made for copying music for use in church services .
[while] the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 contains many fair-dealing provisions , no exceptions are made for copying music for use in church services .

Parochial clergy are normally covered comprehensively against personal accidents , but other church employees are usually covered only whilst actually working for the Church .
parochial clergy are normally covered comprehensively against personal accidents , but other church employees are usually covered only [while] actually working for the church .

In the case of voluntary workers , such as choristers and members of music groups , insurance against personal accident is provided whilst they are on duty on church premises .
in the case of voluntary workers , such as choristers and members of music groups , insurance against personal accident is provided [while] they are on duty on church premises .

Whilst the Church of England has become less rigid in its liturgy , some Free Churches have come to recognise the value of formal worship patterns .
[while] the church of england has become less rigid in its liturgy , some free churches have come to recognise the value of formal worship patterns .

For some congregations and occasions an informal , relaxed language is appropriate , whilst others will require one which has more formality and dignity .
for some congregations and occasions an informal , relaxed language is appropriate , [while] others will require one which has more formality and dignity .

Whilst recognising that the worship of a small , dispirited congregation is of importance to God , it does not believe that we can acquiesce in despair or even discouragement .
[while] recognising that the worship of a small , dispirited congregation is of importance to god , it does not believe that we can acquiesce in despair or even discouragement .

Whilst making some use of material offered in other courses , it would be free-standing and designed to produce well-qualified and committed ‘ ministers of music ’ .
[while] making some use of material offered in other courses , it would be free-standing and designed to produce well-qualified and committed ‘ ministers of music ’ .

Whilst they bring a welcome freshness and enthusiasm to worship , they may also lack a sympathetic understanding of the Church 's liturgy and tradition .
[while] they bring a welcome freshness and enthusiasm to worship , they may also lack a sympathetic understanding of the church 's liturgy and tradition .

Whilst generalising for the sake of simplicity , the Commission does not believe that there is any essential conflict between these two categories .
[while] generalising for the sake of simplicity , the commission does not believe that there is any essential conflict between these two categories .

We still think that communications arguably , whilst still emerging as a discipline , is best approached from a range of disciplines .
we still think that communications arguably , [while] still emerging as a discipline , is best approached from a range of disciplines .

Whilst the change process was vital to a return to competitiveness and profitability in 1985 , perhaps the most important consequence of the realignment of the early 1980s was the establishment of patterns of managerial organizing geared towards change as an on-going process .
[while] the change process was vital to a return to competitiveness and profitability in 1985 , perhaps the most important consequence of the realignment of the early 1980s was the establishment of patterns of managerial organizing geared towards change as an on-going process .

In discussing these two processes it will be helpful still to bear in mind the distinction between universal and particular concepts , because it will be suggested that anchoring is a universal process , whilst objectification is a particular one .
in discussing these two processes it will be helpful still to bear in mind the distinction between universal and particular concepts , because it will be suggested that anchoring is a universal process , [while] objectification is a particular one .

What is represented is a social object , and anchoring draws the individual into the cultural traditions of the group , whilst at the same time developing those traditions .
what is represented is a social object , and anchoring draws the individual into the cultural traditions of the group , [while] at the same time developing those traditions .

Whilst this is a major problem , a short illustrative example can be given .
[while] this is a major problem , a short illustrative example can be given .

For instance , we might attempt to sink our own anchors in the sandy sea-bed of mercy , whilst at the same time hauling up our opponents ' anchors from the rocks of justice .
for instance , we might attempt to sink our own anchors in the sandy sea-bed of mercy , [while] at the same time hauling up our opponents ' anchors from the rocks of justice .

If correct , it might imply that in a capitalist society our ordinary thoughts are part of a ‘ capitalist ideology ’ , which ensures that capitalists reap their profits whilst the rest of us are kept in obedient subordination .
if correct , it might imply that in a capitalist society our ordinary thoughts are part of a ‘ capitalist ideology ’ , which ensures that capitalists reap their profits [while] the rest of us are kept in obedient subordination .

Whilst the others joked , drank and flirted , they would sit in awkward seriousness .
[while] the others joked , drank and flirted , they would sit in awkward seriousness .

Racialism was to be rejected , whilst the symbol of race was simultaneously evoked .
racialism was to be rejected , [while] the symbol of race was simultaneously evoked .

One faction seems to have abandoned the crude racist message and concentrates on antisemitism , whilst the other seems to be taking the opposite position .
one faction seems to have abandoned the crude racist message and concentrates on antisemitism , [while] the other seems to be taking the opposite position .

Nationalism Today and its more tabloid partner National Front News have opted for the Palestinian cause , whilst Vanguard seems , at first sight , to be overturning a whole tradition of fascist ideology by advocating what appears to be a pro-Zionist position .
nationalism today and its more tabloid partner national front news have opted for the palestinian cause , [while] vanguard seems , at first sight , to be overturning a whole tradition of fascist ideology by advocating what appears to be a pro-zionist position .

In other words , whilst appearing to criticize the antisemitism of Streicher and The Protocols , the author does not wholly distance himself from the traditions of antisemitism .
in other words , [while] appearing to criticize the antisemitism of streicher and the protocols , the author does not wholly distance himself from the traditions of antisemitism .

The essay was quite clear in condemning the prejudices of religions , whilst distinguishing these from other prejudices .
the essay was quite clear in condemning the prejudices of religions , [while] distinguishing these from other prejudices .

Therefore , it hardly seems sensible to adopt , whilst attempting to elaborate theoretical issues , a removed philosophical stance , which ignores the very issues that theory should be addressing .
therefore , it hardly seems sensible to adopt , [while] attempting to elaborate theoretical issues , a removed philosophical stance , which ignores the very issues that theory should be addressing .

Any change in position could be attributed to external factors , and so a defence of one 's own consistency could be mounted , whilst apparently changing sides from loyalism to republicanism .
any change in position could be attributed to external factors , and so a defence of one 's own consistency could be mounted , [while] apparently changing sides from loyalism to republicanism .

In 1792 he was taking an anti-monarchist stance , whilst in 1793 he was not .
in 1792 he was taking an anti-monarchist stance , [while] in 1793 he was not .

tort of negligence , whilst in the area of hotel and catering law the majority of criminal offences which may be committed are statutory , e.g .
tort of negligence , [while] in the area of hotel and catering law the majority of criminal offences which may be committed are statutory , e.g .

‘ Interpretation ’ is simply the process whereby a meaning is assigned to the words of the statute , whilst ‘ construction ’ is the process whereby uncertainties or ambiguities in a statute are resolved .
‘ interpretation ’ is simply the process whereby a meaning is assigned to the words of the statute , [while] ‘ construction ’ is the process whereby uncertainties or ambiguities in a statute are resolved .

Whilst these various secondary forms of legislation .
[while] these various secondary forms of legislation .

Decisions of the Privy Council , whilst they do not bind English courts , are very persuasive .
decisions of the privy council , [while] they do not bind english courts , are very persuasive .

Whilst this provided an approach adopted in subsequent cases , the limitations of such a general principle have , more recently , been recognized in judgments of the House of Lords and Privy Council : see , for example , Governors of Peabody Donation Fund v. Sir Lindsay Parkinson & Co .
[while] this provided an approach adopted in subsequent cases , the limitations of such a general principle have , more recently , been recognized in judgments of the house of lords and privy council : see , for example , governors of peabody donation fund v. sir lindsay parkinson & co .

Whilst we may learn about the legal principles which regulate our daily lives , both at work and at home , the actual process of ‘ going to law ’ and bringing an action before the courts is not necessarily as simple as one may imagine .
[while] we may learn about the legal principles which regulate our daily lives , both at work and at home , the actual process of ‘ going to law ’ and bringing an action before the courts is not necessarily as simple as one may imagine .

two or three small cafes ) , and one is successful whilst another runs at a loss , the loss incurred by one enterprise may be offset against the tax liability for the successful enterprise .
two or three small cafes ) , and one is successful [while] another runs at a loss , the loss incurred by one enterprise may be offset against the tax liability for the successful enterprise .

The debts owed to unsecured creditors by the company were approximately £8000 , whilst the total of the company 's assets was only £6000 .
the debts owed to unsecured creditors by the company were approximately £8000 , [while] the total of the company 's assets was only £6000 .

Whilst one of the rights of owners is to use the land which they own as they please , there are restrictions on their use of land due to the rights of others .
[while] one of the rights of owners is to use the land which they own as they please , there are restrictions on their use of land due to the rights of others .

We can see that , whilst freeholders have substantial rights over the property which they own , these rights are by no means absolute .
we can see that , [while] freeholders have substantial rights over the property which they own , these rights are by no means absolute .

In the example , clearly the covenant is framed in negative terms ; however , is it for Lord Wellworthy 's personal benefit ( i.e. business interests ) ? Could it be said that it benefits the land ( i.e. it seeks to keep the residential character of the area ) ? Lord Wellworthy can enforce the covenant only whilst he retains the legal estate in the Stately Mansion Hotel .
in the example , clearly the covenant is framed in negative terms ; however , is it for lord wellworthy 's personal benefit ( i.e. business interests ) ? could it be said that it benefits the land ( i.e. it seeks to keep the residential character of the area ) ? lord wellworthy can enforce the covenant only [while] he retains the legal estate in the stately mansion hotel .

What if the plaintiff in this case had been a tradesperson ( i.e a lawful visitor to the premises , but one who was not in a contractual relationship with the hotel ) who was injured whilst trying to escape from the fire ?
what if the plaintiff in this case had been a tradesperson ( i.e a lawful visitor to the premises , but one who was not in a contractual relationship with the hotel ) who was injured [while] trying to escape from the fire ?

Consumer psychology attempts to relate sets of objects to groups of people as ‘ target ’ populations , but , whilst it deals entirely with artefacts , it does not address the question of their particular nature as concrete material culture .
consumer psychology attempts to relate sets of objects to groups of people as ‘ target ’ populations , but , [while] it deals entirely with artefacts , it does not address the question of their particular nature as concrete material culture .

When publicized as such through a visit by the British potter Bernard Leach and Japanese enthusiasts , however , the potters were forced to adopt new forms of marketing and production in order to meet the demand for these symbols of their purity , whilst at the same time preserving , for the benefit of the tourists , the appearance of producing works of art untainted by industrialization ( Moeran 1984 ) .
when publicized as such through a visit by the british potter bernard leach and japanese enthusiasts , however , the potters were forced to adopt new forms of marketing and production in order to meet the demand for these symbols of their purity , [while] at the same time preserving , for the benefit of the tourists , the appearance of producing works of art untainted by industrialization ( moeran 1984 ) .

Unfortunately , the particular division most often invoked in contemporary political rhetoric concerning private and public property is misleading with regard to this issue , since the concept of private property suggests a close relationship between person and thing , whilst in practice private property is an institution which works to produce precisely the opposite effect .
unfortunately , the particular division most often invoked in contemporary political rhetoric concerning private and public property is misleading with regard to this issue , since the concept of private property suggests a close relationship between person and thing , [while] in practice private property is an institution which works to produce precisely the opposite effect .

The long-wave school tends to conduct analysis in terms of sectors , whilst the regulationists would focus on changes in the labour process which , while undoubtedly being associated with the growth of new sectors , may also transform existing ones .
the long-wave school tends to conduct analysis in terms of sectors , [while] the regulationists would focus on changes in the labour process which , while undoubtedly being associated with the growth of new sectors , may also transform existing ones .

Service occupations have increased since the 1960s , whilst those occupations directly involved in goods production have declined .
service occupations have increased since the 1960s , [while] those occupations directly involved in goods production have declined .

They go on to state that ‘ whilst to a large extent , voters may depend on their own experience with service delivery … information concerning overall objectives and service activities would provide a more balanced view ’ .
they go on to state that ‘ [while] to a large extent , voters may depend on their own experience with service delivery … information concerning overall objectives and service activities would provide a more balanced view ’ .

However , Elliott , following Becher , argues that whilst evaluation and accountability are closely inter-related , the relationship is not symmetrical .
however , elliott , following becher , argues that [while] evaluation and accountability are closely inter-related , the relationship is not symmetrical .

Thus the teaching of certain forms of knowledge has been regarded by some as intrinsically worthwhile ; whilst others have regarded certain principles of procedure , such as enquiry-discovery learning , in much the same way .
thus the teaching of certain forms of knowledge has been regarded by some as intrinsically worthwhile ; [while] others have regarded certain principles of procedure , such as enquiry-discovery learning , in much the same way .

In this he pointed out that whilst the objectives model might be appropriate to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( acquisition of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .
in this he pointed out that [while] the objectives model might be appropriate to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( acquisition of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .

Indeed some reports proved to be fairly personal , identifying the practices of individuals , whilst others dealt only with general issues .
indeed some reports proved to be fairly personal , identifying the practices of individuals , [while] others dealt only with general issues .

If you grant racist ideologies their own relatively autonomous conditions of existence , however , you might be inclined to give a higher priority to educational or cultural issues , whilst at the same time taking care , not to bracket out their links to other dimensions of racism .
if you grant racist ideologies their own relatively autonomous conditions of existence , however , you might be inclined to give a higher priority to educational or cultural issues , [while] at the same time taking care , not to bracket out their links to other dimensions of racism .

For example , it is often assumed that multiculturalism is methodologically individualist , and reduces racism to an individual pathology of prejudice , whilst antiracism is radically holist and insists on the primacy of structural processes .
for example , it is often assumed that multiculturalism is methodologically individualist , and reduces racism to an individual pathology of prejudice , [while] antiracism is radically holist and insists on the primacy of structural processes .

Note how blacks are invested with vastly exaggerated powers of social combination whilst the ethnic majority are reduced to minority status — ‘ just our lot from the estate ’ .
note how blacks are invested with vastly exaggerated powers of social combination [while] the ethnic majority are reduced to minority status — ‘ just our lot from the estate ’ .

Whilst strictly maintaining the privileges of the House of Commons , the Attorney-General used the Parliamentary materials in this case as an illustration of the dangers of so doing .
[while] strictly maintaining the privileges of the house of commons , the attorney-general used the parliamentary materials in this case as an illustration of the dangers of so doing .

Moreover , in order to assist us , whilst still maintaining the privileges of the House of Commons , he made submissions as to the effect of such material on the construction of section 63 if , contrary to his contentions and advice , we decided this appeal with the assistance of such material .
moreover , in order to assist us , [while] still maintaining the privileges of the house of commons , he made submissions as to the effect of such material on the construction of section 63 if , contrary to his contentions and advice , we decided this appeal with the assistance of such material .

Whilst in manufacturing industry the proportion of the workforce which is temporary stands at only just over three per cent , in the service sector it stands at well over seven per cent .
[while] in manufacturing industry the proportion of the workforce which is temporary stands at only just over three per cent , in the service sector it stands at well over seven per cent .

Whilst one third of the total labour force reside there , just over seven-tenths ( 72 per cent ) of all agency workers do so .
[while] one third of the total labour force reside there , just over seven-tenths ( 72 per cent ) of all agency workers do so .

Whilst 44 per cent of all women work part-time , 70 per cent of temporary women and 79 per cent of the sub-category of seasonal , temporary and casual women do so .
[while] 44 per cent of all women work part-time , 70 per cent of temporary women and 79 per cent of the sub-category of seasonal , temporary and casual women do so .

Many of the first group , it can be presumed , were married women , while some were teenagers who had taken part-time temporary jobs whilst still at school .
many of the first group , it can be presumed , were married women , while some were teenagers who had taken part-time temporary jobs [while] still at school .

Whilst many temporary workers are employed in small establishments , this seems to result from the industrial and occupational distribution of temporary working , rather than a greater propensity of small establishments to use such workers .
[while] many temporary workers are employed in small establishments , this seems to result from the industrial and occupational distribution of temporary working , rather than a greater propensity of small establishments to use such workers .

Women temporary workers are more likely to have low skilled , part-time , seasonal , temporary or casual jobs , whilst men temporary workers are more likely to have more skilled , full-time , fixed-term contract jobs .
women temporary workers are more likely to have low skilled , part-time , seasonal , temporary or casual jobs , [while] men temporary workers are more likely to have more skilled , full-time , fixed-term contract jobs .

In 1984 , some 20–22 per cent of establishments made some use of each of the two categorised temporary workers in the relevant reference period , whilst some 6–7 per cent could be described as `` high users `` .
in 1984 , some 20–22 per cent of establishments made some use of each of the two categorised temporary workers in the relevant reference period , [while] some 6–7 per cent could be described as `` high users `` .

Whilst the nationalised industries appear similar to private manufacturing industry , employers in public administration are more likely to be using workers hired on fixed-term contracts .
[while] the nationalised industries appear similar to private manufacturing industry , employers in public administration are more likely to be using workers hired on fixed-term contracts .

As Table 4.6 shows , nearly 44 per cent of them did so , whilst the average for the sample was only 25 per cent .
as table 4.6 shows , nearly 44 per cent of them did so , [while] the average for the sample was only 25 per cent .

Redundancy and dismissal were , not surprisingly , the most important reasons for job loss , but one survey found as much as one in five people who entered into unemployment did so after finishing a temporary job , whilst another put the proportion at only six per cent .
redundancy and dismissal were , not surprisingly , the most important reasons for job loss , but one survey found as much as one in five people who entered into unemployment did so after finishing a temporary job , [while] another put the proportion at only six per cent .

( According to the so-called `` linking rule `` , a spell of employment lasting less than this time is considered an interruption to a single spell of unemployment , whilst a spell of employment lasting longer than this but then coming to an end opens up a new spell of unemployment . )
( according to the so-called `` linking rule `` , a spell of employment lasting less than this time is considered an interruption to a single spell of unemployment , [while] a spell of employment lasting longer than this but then coming to an end opens up a new spell of unemployment . )

The numerous surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , Alfred Marks , 1982 ; Reed , 1986 ; Manpower , 1986 ) , whilst suffering from selectivity bias and/or containing leading questions , show that a substantial proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .
the numerous surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , alfred marks , 1982 ; reed , 1986 ; manpower , 1986 ) , [while] suffering from selectivity bias and/or containing leading questions , show that a substantial proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .

Whilst much of our discussion has been conducted with reference to South Eastern secretarial/office staff , its substance holds for other regional/occupational labour markets too .
[while] much of our discussion has been conducted with reference to south eastern secretarial/office staff , its substance holds for other regional/occupational labour markets too .

Moreover , whilst the first group usually have only intermediate level qualifications and are performing non-executive , non-developmental tasks , the second have higher level qualifications and perform developmental and even managerial tasks .
moreover , [while] the first group usually have only intermediate level qualifications and are performing non-executive , non-developmental tasks , the second have higher level qualifications and perform developmental and even managerial tasks .

Moreover , whilst many agencies now seek to make clear that the relationship with their temporary workers is not one of employment , many of the larger ones also offer them `` employee-like `` fringe benefits and try to encourage agency loyalty .
moreover , [while] many agencies now seek to make clear that the relationship with their temporary workers is not one of employment , many of the larger ones also offer them `` employee-like `` fringe benefits and try to encourage agency loyalty .

Whilst `` non-standard `` , agency working can scarcely be described as `` precarious `` for the majority of office/secretarial workers or for contract computer staff .
[while] `` non-standard `` , agency working can scarcely be described as `` precarious `` for the majority of office/secretarial workers or for contract computer staff .

The court held that the practice of making first offers of work to a selected group of people who had declared themselves available , and the practice of declaring oneself available to ensure that such offers would be made , whilst an arrangement `` of mutual advantage `` to the parties , was not one involving contractual commitments or mutual obligation .
the court held that the practice of making first offers of work to a selected group of people who had declared themselves available , and the practice of declaring oneself available to ensure that such offers would be made , [while] an arrangement `` of mutual advantage `` to the parties , was not one involving contractual commitments or mutual obligation .

Whilst this decision has been criticised as a `` narrow `` interpretation of the law ( ibid ) , our examination of the nature of casual working and the characteristics of the casual labour force in the hotels and catering sector raises the question of whether according casual workers employee status , and thus bringing them within the coverage of employment protection legislation , would be of any great relevance .
[while] this decision has been criticised as a `` narrow `` interpretation of the law ( ibid ) , our examination of the nature of casual working and the characteristics of the casual labour force in the hotels and catering sector raises the question of whether according casual workers employee status , and thus bringing them within the coverage of employment protection legislation , would be of any great relevance .

Whilst many forms of temporary working have been pejoratively described as casual working , casual working is a special form of temporary working .
[while] many forms of temporary working have been pejoratively described as casual working , casual working is a special form of temporary working .

In the holiday camps , seasonal workers are paid wages council ( statutorily fixed ) minimum rates whilst permanent staff are paid collectively agreed rates which are considerably higher .
in the holiday camps , seasonal workers are paid wages council ( statutorily fixed ) minimum rates [while] permanent staff are paid collectively agreed rates which are considerably higher .

Whilst the jobs in question were production line rather than craft jobs , the off-the-job training necessary to Produce competent operators lasted ( with interruptions ) at least three weeks .
[while] the jobs in question were production line rather than craft jobs , the off-the-job training necessary to produce competent operators lasted ( with interruptions ) at least three weeks .

One of them had also set a maximum on the number of hours that would be offered , so that whilst its regular labour force was largely full-time , its temporary labour force worked no more than three-quarter time .
one of them had also set a maximum on the number of hours that would be offered , so that [while] its regular labour force was largely full-time , its temporary labour force worked no more than three-quarter time .

Had they not had such a resource at their disposal some might have had to forego particular orders , others might have been obliged to withdraw entirely from certain markets , whilst still others would have been less willing to innovate with new products offering chances of survival or expansion .
had they not had such a resource at their disposal some might have had to forego particular orders , others might have been obliged to withdraw entirely from certain markets , [while] still others would have been less willing to innovate with new products offering chances of survival or expansion .

We suggest that , whilst there might appear to be a substitution of temporary for regular workers , the alternative to temporary working would probably be more hiring and firing and more temporary lay-offs .
we suggest that , [while] there might appear to be a substitution of temporary for regular workers , the alternative to temporary working would probably be more hiring and firing and more temporary lay-offs .

Participants in job creation programmes are usually employed on fixed-term contracts , whilst those in special training schemes might be considered as workers on a training contract .
participants in job creation programmes are usually employed on fixed-term contracts , [while] those in special training schemes might be considered as workers on a training contract .

Moreover , whilst in the retailing sector enterprises might supplement their labour forces by about 10 per cent to cope with seasonal peaks , in the holidays sector the increase made might be as high as several hundred per cent .
moreover , [while] in the retailing sector enterprises might supplement their labour forces by about 10 per cent to cope with seasonal peaks , in the holidays sector the increase made might be as high as several hundred per cent .

Whilst the unions ' attempts to regulate the use of the `` new `` temporary workers might prove successful , their attempts to organise `` traditional `` temporary workers seem much less likely to bear fruit .
[while] the unions ' attempts to regulate the use of the `` new `` temporary workers might prove successful , their attempts to organise `` traditional `` temporary workers seem much less likely to bear fruit .

Whilst they provided material for a case study , our impression was that these organisations were exceptions — firms facing particular problems .
[while] they provided material for a case study , our impression was that these organisations were exceptions — firms facing particular problems .

Whilst he is unquestionably performing a design activity , it is totally informal and free-ranging .
[while] he is unquestionably performing a design activity , it is totally informal and free-ranging .

Whilst working alone the craftsman also has no real need to describe or control the process elements , as he contains , in his head , the understanding of how the design is intended to work and the necessary stages to make this a reality .
[while] working alone the craftsman also has no real need to describe or control the process elements , as he contains , in his head , the understanding of how the design is intended to work and the necessary stages to make this a reality .

The machine tools were housed to one end , the aeroplane assembled at the other , whilst the draftsmen lived in the loft .
the machine tools were housed to one end , the aeroplane assembled at the other , [while] the draftsmen lived in the loft .

Whilst some brought particular skills , and hence held certain responsibilities , job roles were largely undefined as all were dedicated to achieving the single objective of building that aircraft .
[while] some brought particular skills , and hence held certain responsibilities , job roles were largely undefined as all were dedicated to achieving the single objective of building that aircraft .

Whilst design is , in practice , an involved and complex set of events , at this stage it is only necessary to define it as three interrelated sub-processes ( see Figure I.l ) .
[while] design is , in practice , an involved and complex set of events , at this stage it is only necessary to define it as three interrelated sub-processes ( see figure i.l ) .

Whilst it is necessary to commence with an idea or concept , it is important to evaluate it at the earliest possible time , and thus the procedure is to commence testing by moving briefly into both the analysis and scheming phases .
[while] it is necessary to commence with an idea or concept , it is important to evaluate it at the earliest possible time , and thus the procedure is to commence testing by moving briefly into both the analysis and scheming phases .

This approach is not surprising as , whilst the inputs ( in terms of component requirements ) are varied and numerous , the output format is very well defined and falls into two well documented categories of either man-readable or machine-readable instructions .
this approach is not surprising as , [while] the inputs ( in terms of component requirements ) are varied and numerous , the output format is very well defined and falls into two well documented categories of either man-readable or machine-readable instructions .

Whilst these are perhaps the most complex analyses that need to be performed , they are not at present really interactive design programs ; they are simply used for the analysis of a specified configuration .
[while] these are perhaps the most complex analyses that need to be performed , they are not at present really interactive design programs ; they are simply used for the analysis of a specified configuration .

Whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .
[while] the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .

Whilst most design theories concentrate on the various elements and their interconnection as previously discussed ( often referred to as the `` anatomy of design `` ) , only a few refer to the different weights these may have in different situations ( sometimes called the `` morphology `` ) .
[while] most design theories concentrate on the various elements and their interconnection as previously discussed ( often referred to as the `` anatomy of design `` ) , only a few refer to the different weights these may have in different situations ( sometimes called the `` morphology `` ) .

Whilst the natural flow of the design development must be from the top to bottom of Figure I.l , due to the iterative nature of design no truly sequential relationships can be inferred from their order .
[while] the natural flow of the design development must be from the top to bottom of figure i.l , due to the iterative nature of design no truly sequential relationships can be inferred from their order .

The creative and necessary activities are encouraged ( even demanded ) whilst the destructive are curtailed .
the creative and necessary activities are encouraged ( even demanded ) [while] the destructive are curtailed .

Whilst most of the program elements exist for designing component parts , the main development remaining to be undertaken lies in the procedures for allowing the designer a rapid comparison between a large range of schemes and known design parameters .
[while] most of the program elements exist for designing component parts , the main development remaining to be undertaken lies in the procedures for allowing the designer a rapid comparison between a large range of schemes and known design parameters .

The subject 's replies were recorded on tape , whilst moves made during the program runs were stored in a data file .
the subject 's replies were recorded on tape , [while] moves made during the program runs were stored in a data file .

The total perimeter was then taken to be the sum of the outer shape with the inner shape perimeter , whilst the total area was taken to be the difference between the outer and inner areas .
the total perimeter was then taken to be the sum of the outer shape with the inner shape perimeter , [while] the total area was taken to be the difference between the outer and inner areas .

Whilst the experiment was limited to trainee engineers and by the type of microcomputer used , the results of this investigation indicated that : 1 ) the mode of man-machine interaction which was most popular and has the fewest dissenters , was one in which the user directed the course of action , as in the modular program ; 2 ) a fast design time was most likely to be achieved by the use of an optimization technique ; 3 ) an optimum design was most likely to be achieved by a preprogrammed optimization technique , but only where the problem , design parameters and constraints were understood ; 4 ) the technique thought most likely to allow some gaining of insight was one in which the user has control of the program , as in the modular program .
[while] the experiment was limited to trainee engineers and by the type of microcomputer used , the results of this investigation indicated that : 1 ) the mode of man-machine interaction which was most popular and has the fewest dissenters , was one in which the user directed the course of action , as in the modular program ; 2 ) a fast design time was most likely to be achieved by the use of an optimization technique ; 3 ) an optimum design was most likely to be achieved by a preprogrammed optimization technique , but only where the problem , design parameters and constraints were understood ; 4 ) the technique thought most likely to allow some gaining of insight was one in which the user has control of the program , as in the modular program .

Whilst it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the specified geometry , it is unclear as to how the function and shape of a component interact .
[while] it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the specified geometry , it is unclear as to how the function and shape of a component interact .

Whilst the design process used in individual cases can be seen to contain common elements of activity , communications and control , the weighting of events and degree of design iteration necessary tend to be unique in each particular case .
[while] the design process used in individual cases can be seen to contain common elements of activity , communications and control , the weighting of events and degree of design iteration necessary tend to be unique in each particular case .

Whilst it is not possible to conceive of a designing system which can take into account influences which are beyond the designer 's knowledge and comprehension , it is possible to generate a fundamental design procedure in which all relationships , known to the designer , are `` captured `` and tested for .
[while] it is not possible to conceive of a designing system which can take into account influences which are beyond the designer 's knowledge and comprehension , it is possible to generate a fundamental design procedure in which all relationships , known to the designer , are `` captured `` and tested for .

Whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .
[while] both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .

Whilst the outer domain touching condition is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two domains which can be both solids and voids .
[while] the outer domain touching condition is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two domains which can be both solids and voids .

This resulted in a set description of the functions ( as illustrated in Figure 2.6 ) which described the attributes as : The attributes both describe the properties of the solid spaces whilst the remaining two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .
this resulted in a set description of the functions ( as illustrated in figure 2.6 ) which described the attributes as : the attributes both describe the properties of the solid spaces [while] the remaining two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .

Attribute , describes the relationship of the hole to the block whilst , gives the assembly of the pin in the hole .
attribute , describes the relationship of the hole to the block [while] , gives the assembly of the pin in the hole .

The functionality of the components , whilst existing within the geometric intersection , is declared as an attribute which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .
the functionality of the components , [while] existing within the geometric intersection , is declared as an attribute which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .

Whilst the use of intersectioning orthogonal spaces in the reference space will always bound the problem , it will also produce the largest region of uncertainty .
[while] the use of intersectioning orthogonal spaces in the reference space will always bound the problem , it will also produce the largest region of uncertainty .

For instance , a reference space check may indicate two components as clashing , whilst in a local space , again containing both , it may be possible simply to show their separation ( see Figure 2.27 ) .
for instance , a reference space check may indicate two components as clashing , [while] in a local space , again containing both , it may be possible simply to show their separation ( see figure 2.27 ) .

Whilst the nine freedoms for the model spaces may be fixed or automatically updated by associative rules , it is also necessary to be able to express a range for the view parameters .
[while] the nine freedoms for the model spaces may be fixed or automatically updated by associative rules , it is also necessary to be able to express a range for the view parameters .

Whilst most activities taking place during the scheming ( or `` drawing board `` ) phases are seen to be based around discrete geometric interpretations , their function may allow them to take on many differing forms .
[while] most activities taking place during the scheming ( or `` drawing board `` ) phases are seen to be based around discrete geometric interpretations , their function may allow them to take on many differing forms .

Whilst the final check will be in terms of the sectional dimension of the component , these should be compared , not against an absolute set of values but against functionally derived minimum sizes .
[while] the final check will be in terms of the sectional dimension of the component , these should be compared , not against an absolute set of values but against functionally derived minimum sizes .

So whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .
so [while] the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .

Whilst such an interpretation of three-dimensional spaces may create a slightly confused image when all three laminas are visible , it is perhaps the first step towards full modelling .
[while] such an interpretation of three-dimensional spaces may create a slightly confused image when all three laminas are visible , it is perhaps the first step towards full modelling .

When the pin misses the hole , but enters the block then only three surfaces exist within the sub-space ; for the pin its circular end and the inserted portion of the cylinder whilst for the block there exists only a single outer surface ( see Figure 3.10 ) .
when the pin misses the hole , but enters the block then only three surfaces exist within the sub-space ; for the pin its circular end and the inserted portion of the cylinder [while] for the block there exists only a single outer surface ( see figure 3.10 ) .

The intersecting domain will under extreme conditions only contain the two surfaces describing the pin , whilst under close fit conditions will also contain elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .
the intersecting domain will under extreme conditions only contain the two surfaces describing the pin , [while] under close fit conditions will also contain elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .

The cylinder of the pin interferes with the surface of the block whilst the cylinder of the hole interferes with ( or touches ) the circular end of the pin .
the cylinder of the pin interferes with the surface of the block [while] the cylinder of the hole interferes with ( or touches ) the circular end of the pin .

Whilst this method can handle extreme conditions or irregular bodies and oblique assemblies , the normal assemblies of objects of circular section can be quickly checked by a comparison of the diameters of their cylindrical surfaces .
[while] this method can handle extreme conditions or irregular bodies and oblique assemblies , the normal assemblies of objects of circular section can be quickly checked by a comparison of the diameters of their cylindrical surfaces .

Whilst this representation provides a very compact method of holding and handling a wide range of the common geometric forms found in engineering , it can result in a long processing time when real model edges have to be determined in complex models .
[while] this representation provides a very compact method of holding and handling a wide range of the common geometric forms found in engineering , it can result in a long processing time when real model edges have to be determined in complex models .

Whilst the geometric values may not be absolute or unchangeable , the concepts and functions they represent provide boundary conditions on the acceptable ranges .
[while] the geometric values may not be absolute or unchangeable , the concepts and functions they represent provide boundary conditions on the acceptable ranges .

Conversely , there are many cases where the computation times for surface and solid modelling are long , whilst providing the designer with no greater insight into the problem than the wireframe interpretation does .
conversely , there are many cases where the computation times for surface and solid modelling are long , [while] providing the designer with no greater insight into the problem than the wireframe interpretation does .

An intersection of two models will require analysis based on a solid interpretation , whilst the intersection line between two objects will depend on surface representations .
an intersection of two models will require analysis based on a solid interpretation , [while] the intersection line between two objects will depend on surface representations .

The designer may be kept aware of other objects intruding into his space by excursion or wireframe descriptions , whilst working on a solid or surface model .
the designer may be kept aware of other objects intruding into his space by excursion or wireframe descriptions , [while] working on a solid or surface model .

Whilst some details should be rethought in the light of new technology , its basic ideas still remain sound and must be implemented in any design and manufacturing establishment .
[while] some details should be rethought in the light of new technology , its basic ideas still remain sound and must be implemented in any design and manufacturing establishment .

Simple calculations of boundary conditions may be performed interactively between nodes , whilst major studies may be `` mailed `` in both directions .
simple calculations of boundary conditions may be performed interactively between nodes , [while] major studies may be `` mailed `` in both directions .

Whilst each element may point to many elements at a lower level , it can have only one `` superior `` .
[while] each element may point to many elements at a lower level , it can have only one `` superior `` .

Whilst all can be accessed via the keyboard , it is planned to provide each member with an individual menu containing all the functions necessary to carry out a prescribed set of activities .
[while] all can be accessed via the keyboard , it is planned to provide each member with an individual menu containing all the functions necessary to carry out a prescribed set of activities .

Whilst all drawn entities are eventually stored , the highest layers contain specific and well defined sets of information .
[while] all drawn entities are eventually stored , the highest layers contain specific and well defined sets of information .

The relevant calculations are stored in the technical sub-files whilst the corresponding wall thickness is kept in the spatial sub-file .
the relevant calculations are stored in the technical sub-files [while] the corresponding wall thickness is kept in the spatial sub-file .

Whilst the specified motion of a point can be obtained on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding components ; components can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .
[while] the specified motion of a point can be obtained on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding components ; components can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .

The intersections in the functional domains thus indicate the type of association that should be maintained , whilst the intersection in the geometric domain indicates the region in which it occurs .
the intersections in the functional domains thus indicate the type of association that should be maintained , [while] the intersection in the geometric domain indicates the region in which it occurs .

During the early stages of the design , the functional arrangements of a mechanism train have to be explored whilst there is very little physical `` flesh `` to analyse .
during the early stages of the design , the functional arrangements of a mechanism train have to be explored [while] there is very little physical `` flesh `` to analyse .

Whilst these techniques are still in their early stages of development , the programs are being designed to allow them to be applied in accordance with general design-office practice in the following manner .
[while] these techniques are still in their early stages of development , the programs are being designed to allow them to be applied in accordance with general design-office practice in the following manner .

Whilst the modelling procedures for the handling of associated spaces and attachments are still the subject of research , the principles can be outlined as follows .
[while] the modelling procedures for the handling of associated spaces and attachments are still the subject of research , the principles can be outlined as follows .

Whilst this process may , for this model , take up to 20 iterations to achieve an acceptable assembly from a disjointed starting point , once an association has been accomplished for the first time and , if only small disturbances are imposed , re-association may be accomplished in as few as three attempts .
[while] this process may , for this model , take up to 20 iterations to achieve an acceptable assembly from a disjointed starting point , once an association has been accomplished for the first time and , if only small disturbances are imposed , re-association may be accomplished in as few as three attempts .

She laughed , as the fat will , whilst nurses gathered and tutted over the sliding weights .
she laughed , as the fat will , [while] nurses gathered and tutted over the sliding weights .

Daniel stroked her and dressed her whilst she wept on .
daniel stroked her and dressed her [while] she wept on .

He supposed Mr Rose was interested in finding out if he , Marcus , `` was `` homosexual , and whilst he would have liked to know that himself , and remembered the one explicitly sexual moment of his relations with Lucas with tremors of disgust and anxiety , he had no wish to go into that with Mr Rose .
he supposed mr rose was interested in finding out if he , marcus , `` was `` homosexual , and [while] he would have liked to know that himself , and remembered the one explicitly sexual moment of his relations with lucas with tremors of disgust and anxiety , he had no wish to go into that with mr rose .

Marcus , palely flitting past , consented , when asked , to hold the trunk upright with one thin hand whilst she toiled , tamping earth , lashing clothesline round trunk and branches .
marcus , palely flitting past , consented , when asked , to hold the trunk upright with one thin hand [while] she toiled , tamping earth , lashing clothesline round trunk and branches .

He knew what it meant that Marcus should stay in the room whilst Bill managed for three consecutive hours to make a series of acceptably banal factual observations .
he knew what it meant that marcus should stay in the room [while] bill managed for three consecutive hours to make a series of acceptably banal factual observations .

His own , now saccharine and anecdotal about the good old days of his childhood , when he had in fact eaten pilchards with a fork out of a tin in silence , day after day , whilst she slept .
his own , now saccharine and anecdotal about the good old days of his childhood , when he had in fact eaten pilchards with a fork out of a tin in silence , day after day , [while] she slept .

They took her to the Palais des Papes in Avignon where , on a warm evening , they saw a floodlit trench production of Macbeth , the Théâtre Nationale Populaire , with Jean Vilar , drawn and romantic , more damned troubadour than Scots butcher , and Maria Casares , whitely elegant and frenzied , washing blood from her hands whilst angelic trumpets shrilled from high battlements .
they took her to the palais des papes in avignon where , on a warm evening , they saw a floodlit trench production of macbeth , the théâtre nationale populaire , with jean vilar , drawn and romantic , more damned troubadour than scots butcher , and maria casares , whitely elegant and frenzied , washing blood from her hands [while] angelic trumpets shrilled from high battlements .

She and Marie-Claire and Monique sat , heavy , sulky , self-absorbed , graceless whilst Paul-Marie darted and chattered like a squirrel after the scaly balls and his parents sipped their white port and admired him .
she and marie-claire and monique sat , heavy , sulky , self-absorbed , graceless [while] paul-marie darted and chattered like a squirrel after the scaly balls and his parents sipped their white port and admired him .

The long red tresses which in Astraea had flowed deranged on her shoulders whilst her paper skirts were slit by Seymour 's scissors had in the hot sun of Provence slowly crimped , frizzled , and broken off lustreless .
the long red tresses which in astraea had flowed deranged on her shoulders [while] her paper skirts were slit by seymour 's scissors had in the hot sun of provence slowly crimped , frizzled , and broken off lustreless .

The Virgin , Ford relates , appeared to a young shepherd in the Alpilles who was chiselling a rock , and remained whilst he carved her portrait . ``
the virgin , ford relates , appeared to a young shepherd in the alpilles who was chiselling a rock , and remained [while] he carved her portrait . ``

Management actively pursues both the employment of disabled persons whenever a suitable vacancy arises and the continued employment and retraining of employees who become disabled whilst employed by the group .
management actively pursues both the employment of disabled persons whenever a suitable vacancy arises and the continued employment and retraining of employees who become disabled [while] employed by the group .

The dual task technique was first exploited within laterality research by Kinsbourne and Cook ( 1971 ) who asked their subjects to balance a dowel rod with the index finger of one hand whilst simultaneously repeating letters of the alphabet .
the dual task technique was first exploited within laterality research by kinsbourne and cook ( 1971 ) who asked their subjects to balance a dowel rod with the index finger of one hand [while] simultaneously repeating letters of the alphabet .

Finally , we would like to thank our three wonderful children , Phoebe , Chesney , and Hester , for their patience and understanding whilst we were preoccupied .
finally , we would like to thank our three wonderful children , phoebe , chesney , and hester , for their patience and understanding [while] we were preoccupied .

She gained some 25lb ( 11kg ) in weight during pregnancy , half of which she lost whilst breast-feeding for six months .
she gained some 25lb ( 11kg ) in weight during pregnancy , half of which she lost [while] breast-feeding for six months .

You should still be able to talk whilst you are exercising ; that is a good guide to know whether you are overdoing it or not .
you should still be able to talk [while] you are exercising ; that is a good guide to know whether you are overdoing it or not .

Whilst not infallible , such tools should encourage a more critical approach and greater understanding of the question .
[while] not infallible , such tools should encourage a more critical approach and greater understanding of the question .

Whilst every student 's style of writing will be different , there are some important general points to remember .
[while] every student 's style of writing will be different , there are some important general points to remember .

Fretter and Graham ( 1962 ) mention a feeding rate of 0.5 mussels per day whilst Anala ( 1974 ) gives 0.59 mussels per day .
fretter and graham ( 1962 ) mention a feeding rate of 0.5 mussels per day [while] anala ( 1974 ) gives 0.59 mussels per day .

Whilst oystercatchers , gulls and eiders take adult Nucella , many other birds will eat juveniles ; rock pipits , Anthus spinoletta , turnstones , Arenaria interpres , and purple sandpipers , Calidris maritima , in particular .
[while] oystercatchers , gulls and eiders take adult nucella , many other birds will eat juveniles ; rock pipits , anthus spinoletta , turnstones , arenaria interpres , and purple sandpipers , calidris maritima , in particular .

Almost all growth occurs between March and October and , whilst other factors are doubtless involved , this is probably in response to temperature .
almost all growth occurs between march and october and , [while] other factors are doubtless involved , this is probably in response to temperature .

Moore ( 1938a ) found females to outnumber males 7:5 at Plymouth whilst Feare ( 1970c ) found the sex ratio to vary between different Yorkshire enclaves with an overall preponderance of males .
moore ( 1938a ) found females to outnumber males 7:5 at plymouth [while] feare ( 1970c ) found the sex ratio to vary between different yorkshire enclaves with an overall preponderance of males .

It may be that their main requisite at this stage is to find protection whilst they continue to live off their food reserves remaining from the food capsule .
it may be that their main requisite at this stage is to find protection [while] they continue to live off their food reserves remaining from the food capsule .

Thus , whilst Feare 's ( 1970a ) youngsters from Robin Hood 's Bay were less than 10mm at one year old , a little over 15mm at two and entered adult hood at around 20mm , the equivalent figures for Moore 's ( 1938a ) Plymouth enclaves are 10–15mm , 21–26mm and 29.5mm respectively .
thus , [while] feare 's ( 1970a ) youngsters from robin hood 's bay were less than 10mm at one year old , a little over 15mm at two and entered adult hood at around 20mm , the equivalent figures for moore 's ( 1938a ) plymouth enclaves are 10–15mm , 21–26mm and 29.5mm respectively .

He went on to regard the presence of more than two rows to be an indication of adult growth , but , whilst this may sometimes occur it is just as likely that the unfortunate whelk was checked several times during its immature life .
he went on to regard the presence of more than two rows to be an indication of adult growth , but , [while] this may sometimes occur it is just as likely that the unfortunate whelk was checked several times during its immature life .

Short squat whelks are also the ones most at risk from predators ( see p. 302 ) , their small size and rounded shape making them easily swallowed by gulls and eiders whilst their wide mouth renders them vulnerable to oystercatchers and crabs .
short squat whelks are also the ones most at risk from predators ( see p. 302 ) , their small size and rounded shape making them easily swallowed by gulls and eiders [while] their wide mouth renders them vulnerable to oystercatchers and crabs .

, Fretter & Graham , 1962 ; 1985 ) whilst North Americans have tended to treat it as a sub-genus of Thais .
, fretter & graham , 1962 ; 1985 ) [while] north americans have tended to treat it as a sub-genus of thais .

Plotting these distances against time gives a mean rate of dispersal whilst the distances themselves indicate the general amount of movement shown by those individuals on that shore .
plotting these distances against time gives a mean rate of dispersal [while] the distances themselves indicate the general amount of movement shown by those individuals on that shore .

Whilst in general each supported the other , there were clashes from time to time , both sides accusing the other of reprehensible acts .
[while] in general each supported the other , there were clashes from time to time , both sides accusing the other of reprehensible acts .

Russians would regard as treason any switch of alliance against them , whilst in the steppe lands , particularly , switches occurred regularly .
russians would regard as treason any switch of alliance against them , [while] in the steppe lands , particularly , switches occurred regularly .

In feudal Russia the petty princes had sworn allegiance to the crown and had to engage in military service , whilst retaining autonomy in their internal affairs , as the Teleuts did .
in feudal russia the petty princes had sworn allegiance to the crown and had to engage in military service , [while] retaining autonomy in their internal affairs , as the teleuts did .

Whilst CBHPs ( the projects providing co-ordinating staff ) are externally funded , most community effort is self-reliant which shows a powerful commitment considering that the majority of people live below the poverty level .
[while] cbhps ( the projects providing co-ordinating staff ) are externally funded , most community effort is self-reliant which shows a powerful commitment considering that the majority of people live below the poverty level .

What for me was most crucial in this process was a clear analysis of the health and national economic and political situation ; a strategy for addressing it which identifies both the major challenges and the spaces in which you can currently work for change ; commitment to mobilize as many as possible behind this strategy ; and whilst focusing on the local situation , not to neglect the national and international situation .
what for me was most crucial in this process was a clear analysis of the health and national economic and political situation ; a strategy for addressing it which identifies both the major challenges and the spaces in which you can currently work for change ; commitment to mobilize as many as possible behind this strategy ; and [while] focusing on the local situation , not to neglect the national and international situation .

In yet other areas , whilst their skills are recognised they are not always acknowledged .
in yet other areas , [while] their skills are recognised they are not always acknowledged .

of defendants granted bail were convicted of an offence committed whilst on bail , this means that some 83 to 90 per cent .
of defendants granted bail were convicted of an offence committed [while] on bail , this means that some 83 to 90 per cent .

’ She is masturbating Martin with one hand , whilst taking Dave in the mouth .
’ she is masturbating martin with one hand , [while] taking dave in the mouth .

Manufacturing industry has declined , whilst service industries , which employ a lower proportion of manual workers , have expanded .
manufacturing industry has declined , [while] service industries , which employ a lower proportion of manual workers , have expanded .

In 1986 the poorest 20 % of households received less than half the average final income , whilst the richest 20 % received nearly twice the national average .
in 1986 the poorest 20 % of households received less than half the average final income , [while] the richest 20 % received nearly twice the national average .

Therefore voluntary aided schools are in effect a kind of partnership : the premises are provided and to an extent kept up by the religious or other body which established them whilst the cost of running the schools is borne by the public purse .
therefore voluntary aided schools are in effect a kind of partnership : the premises are provided and to an extent kept up by the religious or other body which established them [while] the cost of running the schools is borne by the public purse .

For example , an inductivist might take as his universal criterion the degree of inductive support a theory receives from accepted facts , whilst a falsificationist might base his criterion on the degree of falsifiability of unfalsified theories .
for example , an inductivist might take as his universal criterion the degree of inductive support a theory receives from accepted facts , [while] a falsificationist might base his criterion on the degree of falsifiability of unfalsified theories .

Thus an inductivist rationalist might rule that astrology is not a science because it is not inductively derivable from the facts of observation , whilst a falsificationist might rule that Marxism is not scientific because it is not falsifiable .
thus an inductivist rationalist might rule that astrology is not a science because it is not inductively derivable from the facts of observation , [while] a falsificationist might rule that marxism is not scientific because it is not falsifiable .

The dictum of the ancient Greek philosopher Protagoras , ‘ man is the measure of all things ’ , expresses a relativism with respect to individuals , whilst Kuhn 's remark ‘ there is no standard higher than the assent of the relevant community ’ expresses a relativism with respect to communities .
the dictum of the ancient greek philosopher protagoras , ‘ man is the measure of all things ’ , expresses a relativism with respect to individuals , [while] kuhn 's remark ‘ there is no standard higher than the assent of the relevant community ’ expresses a relativism with respect to communities .

An understanding of the choices made by a particular scientist will require an understanding of what that scientist values and will involve psychological investigation , whilst the choices made by a community will depend on what it values and an understanding of those choices will involve sociological investigation .
an understanding of the choices made by a particular scientist will require an understanding of what that scientist values and will involve psychological investigation , [while] the choices made by a community will depend on what it values and an understanding of those choices will involve sociological investigation .

Boris Hessen 's account of the adoption of Newtonian physics in the seventeenth century as a response to the technological needs of the time can be read as a relativist account with respect to communities , whilst Feyerabend 's assertion that it is the ‘ internal connectedness of all the parts of the ( Copernican ) system together with his belief in the basic nature of circular motion that makes Copernicus pronounce the motion of the earth as real ’ is a remark in keeping with a relativism with respect to individuals .
boris hessen 's account of the adoption of newtonian physics in the seventeenth century as a response to the technological needs of the time can be read as a relativist account with respect to communities , [while] feyerabend 's assertion that it is the ‘ internal connectedness of all the parts of the ( copernican ) system together with his belief in the basic nature of circular motion that makes copernicus pronounce the motion of the earth as real ’ is a remark in keeping with a relativism with respect to individuals .

Thus , a theory of the tides based on the moon 's attraction was good science for Newtonians but bordered on occult mysticism for Galileo , whilst in contemporary society , Marx 's theory of historical change is good science for some and propaganda for others .
thus , a theory of the tides based on the moon 's attraction was good science for newtonians but bordered on occult mysticism for galileo , [while] in contemporary society , marx 's theory of historical change is good science for some and propaganda for others .

Whilst Lakatos did propose what was intended to be a universal criterion of rationality or scientificity , he did not regard this criterion as a consequence of logic alone , or somehow God-given .
[while] lakatos did propose what was intended to be a universal criterion of rationality or scientificity , he did not regard this criterion as a consequence of logic alone , or somehow god-given .

The methodology determines those theories from the history of physics that constitutes good physics whilst it is just those good theories against which the methodology is to be tested .
the methodology determines those theories from the history of physics that constitutes good physics [while] it is just those good theories against which the methodology is to be tested .

Whilst Kuhn maintains that science does progress in some sense , he is quite unambiguous in his denial that it can be said to progress towards the truth in any well-defined sense .
[while] kuhn maintains that science does progress in some sense , he is quite unambiguous in his denial that it can be said to progress towards the truth in any well-defined sense .

Whilst sociological analysis is basic within Kuhn 's account , he offers very little in the way of sociological theory and offers no suggestions of how acceptable and unacceptable ways of reaching a consensus are to be distinguished .
[while] sociological analysis is basic within kuhn 's account , he offers very little in the way of sociological theory and offers no suggestions of how acceptable and unacceptable ways of reaching a consensus are to be distinguished .

The discussion of this chapter so far might perhaps be summed up by noting that Lakatos aimed to give a rationalist account of science but failed , whilst Kuhn denied that he aimed to give a relativist account of science but gave one nevertheless .
the discussion of this chapter so far might perhaps be summed up by noting that lakatos aimed to give a rationalist account of science but failed , [while] kuhn denied that he aimed to give a relativist account of science but gave one nevertheless .

Whilst the press must not overstep the bounds set , inter alia , for the ‘ protection of the reputation of others ’ , it is nevertheless incumbent on it to impart information and ideas on political issues just as on those in other areas of public interest .
[while] the press must not overstep the bounds set , inter alia , for the ‘ protection of the reputation of others ’ , it is nevertheless incumbent on it to impart information and ideas on political issues just as on those in other areas of public interest .

The efforts of probation and social services were praised , whilst lawyers were not exempted from charges of racial prejudice .
the efforts of probation and social services were praised , [while] lawyers were not exempted from charges of racial prejudice .

Whilst in most cases offenders rarely have the funds to provide victim compensation , this legislation is intended to ensure that if money in the form of literary profits is available , it be preserved for the victim .
[while] in most cases offenders rarely have the funds to provide victim compensation , this legislation is intended to ensure that if money in the form of literary profits is available , it be preserved for the victim .

As a compact and multi-functional element colour denies verisimilitude , implying the ethereal , whilst simultaneously reminding us of the world of concrete phenomena .
as a compact and multi-functional element colour denies verisimilitude , implying the ethereal , [while] simultaneously reminding us of the world of concrete phenomena .

Whilst Riley speaks specifically of the primacy of sight , her paintings constantly allude to states at the limits of meaning .
[while] riley speaks specifically of the primacy of sight , her paintings constantly allude to states at the limits of meaning .

But it is never simply a formal abstraction , for the female nude is also seen as a testimony to feelings , traces of desires which , whilst they can not be allowed to dominate , are never entirely absent .
but it is never simply a formal abstraction , for the female nude is also seen as a testimony to feelings , traces of desires which , [while] they can not be allowed to dominate , are never entirely absent .

Whilst the ambiguity and allusiveness of late 19th century sculpture was firmly rooted in the representation of the human figure the ( point of contact between the two exhibitions ) which acted as a metaphor for emotion , that of Chadwick or Wilding goes beyond that so that the human body is alluded to indirectly , as a train of associations rather than direct mimetic referent .
[while] the ambiguity and allusiveness of late 19th century sculpture was firmly rooted in the representation of the human figure the ( point of contact between the two exhibitions ) which acted as a metaphor for emotion , that of chadwick or wilding goes beyond that so that the human body is alluded to indirectly , as a train of associations rather than direct mimetic referent .

In Chila Burman 's self portraits , the body of the Asian woman is located as being irreducible to simplistic and one-dimensional racist stereotyping , whilst simultaneously challenging the idea of an essential racial and gender identity outside representation .
in chila burman 's self portraits , the body of the asian woman is located as being irreducible to simplistic and one-dimensional racist stereotyping , [while] simultaneously challenging the idea of an essential racial and gender identity outside representation .

The victim was motionless , looking about it only slightly puzzled , blinking , whilst the snake attacked its leg .
the victim was motionless , looking about it only slightly puzzled , blinking , [while] the snake attacked its leg .

Accumulating the evidence would be an occupation to keep her going whilst she organized her children 's lives with Mrs O'Keefe , who came in each day to look after them .
accumulating the evidence would be an occupation to keep her going [while] she organized her children 's lives with mrs o'keefe , who came in each day to look after them .

The young people were draped about the furniture or lay in couples on the floor in utter silence whilst the firelight flickered .
the young people were draped about the furniture or lay in couples on the floor in utter silence [while] the firelight flickered .

Whilst that order was in operation he was transferred to the secure unit near Bristol .
[while] that order was in operation he was transferred to the secure unit near bristol .

Whilst that order was in operation the Children Act 1989 came into force and on 4 December 1991 the local authority made application under section 25 of the Children Act 1989 for a secure accommodation order .
[while] that order was in operation the children act 1989 came into force and on 4 december 1991 the local authority made application under section 25 of the children act 1989 for a secure accommodation order .

During the ensuing correspondence attempts were made on behalf of the applicant to obtain a much larger postponement whilst he sought to obtain legal aid for representation at the interview , but the Director of the Serious Fraud Office did not agree , and on 24 June she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 June , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was identified as the applicant alone .
during the ensuing correspondence attempts were made on behalf of the applicant to obtain a much larger postponement [while] he sought to obtain legal aid for representation at the interview , but the director of the serious fraud office did not agree , and on 24 june she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 june , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was identified as the applicant alone .

The Royal Commission did , however , recognise that custody and charge would not necessarily coincide , and that there might be intervals of time whilst the suspect was under arrest but not yet charged , and whilst he was on bail after being charged ; and the recommendation was made that the prohibition of questioning should also apply to these periods .
the royal commission did , however , recognise that custody and charge would not necessarily coincide , and that there might be intervals of time [while] the suspect was under arrest but not yet charged , and [while] he was on bail after being charged ; and the recommendation was made that the prohibition of questioning should also apply to these periods .

Whilst the pert , Californian sexuality of Baywatch bimbos seems to be aimed at the heart of adolescent lust , Schiffer possesses a vital ambiguity within her features and her poise which recreates her as a story waiting to be told , as opposed to a fantasy waiting to be fulfilled .
[while] the pert , californian sexuality of baywatch bimbos seems to be aimed at the heart of adolescent lust , schiffer possesses a vital ambiguity within her features and her poise which recreates her as a story waiting to be told , as opposed to a fantasy waiting to be fulfilled .

At lower levels of administration , the Orthodox and Roman Catholic Christian peasants of the raya were governed by Slav Muslim landowners , who , whilst retaining their Slavonic speech , adopted the manners and dress of the Turkish court .
at lower levels of administration , the orthodox and roman catholic christian peasants of the raya were governed by slav muslim landowners , who , [while] retaining their slavonic speech , adopted the manners and dress of the turkish court .

Whilst the Habsburgs were consolidating their power in central Europe they were confronted on the east by Hungary and in the south by the Venetian republic .
[while] the habsburgs were consolidating their power in central europe they were confronted on the east by hungary and in the south by the venetian republic .

As with the resistance movements of occupied Europe during the Second World War , many hajduks outwardly collaborated with the occupying administration , whilst clandestinely supporting the resistance .
as with the resistance movements of occupied europe during the second world war , many hajduks outwardly collaborated with the occupying administration , [while] clandestinely supporting the resistance .

The stories about Strahinja tell of a classic conflict between love and duty when the hero 's wife falls in love with the Turk who has abducted her from the family home whilst her husband is away in Kruševac visiting his wife 's relatives , the powerful Jugovići family .
the stories about strahinja tell of a classic conflict between love and duty when the hero 's wife falls in love with the turk who has abducted her from the family home [while] her husband is away in kruševac visiting his wife 's relatives , the powerful jugovići family .

Whilst Croatia and Slavonia were being laid waste during the centuries-long struggle between the Habsburgs and the Ottomans , Dalmatia , although not entirely at peace , enjoyed relative prosperity and order .
[while] croatia and slavonia were being laid waste during the centuries-long struggle between the habsburgs and the ottomans , dalmatia , although not entirely at peace , enjoyed relative prosperity and order .

The Serbs took the Turks by surprise , and the local garrison troops were soon isolated in Belgrade , whilst the rest of the pashalik was firmly in Miloš 's grip .
the serbs took the turks by surprise , and the local garrison troops were soon isolated in belgrade , [while] the rest of the pashalik was firmly in miloš 's grip .

Miloš ordered the murder of his rival , which was carried out on 25 July 1817 by Karadjordje 's host and kum ( godfather ) , Vujica Vuličević , who axed him to death whilst he slept .
miloš ordered the murder of his rival , which was carried out on 25 july 1817 by karadjordje 's host and kum ( godfather ) , vujica vuličević , who axed him to death [while] he slept .

Whilst in Russia he had been in contact with representatives of the Russian Bible Society , and through them had learned of the monitorial system of schoolteaching pioneered by Lancaster and Bell in Britain .
[while] in russia he had been in contact with representatives of the russian bible society , and through them had learned of the monitorial system of schoolteaching pioneered by lancaster and bell in britain .

Whilst most people have no doubt about recognizing these as ‘ social services ’ , even here the terminology causes some confusion .
[while] most people have no doubt about recognizing these as ‘ social services ’ , even here the terminology causes some confusion .

Accordingly instead of serving the economic function for which they were originally advocated they have been modified to serve the political function of reducing the number of unemployed whilst minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .
accordingly instead of serving the economic function for which they were originally advocated they have been modified to serve the political function of reducing the number of unemployed [while] minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .

Whilst there is a separate Welsh Office , most legislation deals jointly with England and Wales .
[while] there is a separate welsh office , most legislation deals jointly with england and wales .

Whilst many of these are old parishes , others are towns that previously had significant powers of their own , some retaining mayors and calling themselves town councils .
[while] many of these are old parishes , others are towns that previously had significant powers of their own , some retaining mayors and calling themselves town councils .

These circumstances are found more often amongst poorer groups in society — single-parent households , those in lower-paid occupations , large families , those dependent on social security benefits , and so on — and , whilst it is at times difficult to determine patterns of cause and effect in such situations , structural and environmental factors are clearly of great importance in being able to care for children .
these circumstances are found more often amongst poorer groups in society — single-parent households , those in lower-paid occupations , large families , those dependent on social security benefits , and so on — and , [while] it is at times difficult to determine patterns of cause and effect in such situations , structural and environmental factors are clearly of great importance in being able to care for children .

Many children are unable to tell of their abuse , and some who do are not believed — it may be that abuse is more widespread than currently thought , whilst those families already under supervision by the social services for other difficulties are not more likely to abuse , but are simply more likely to be found .
many children are unable to tell of their abuse , and some who do are not believed — it may be that abuse is more widespread than currently thought , [while] those families already under supervision by the social services for other difficulties are not more likely to abuse , but are simply more likely to be found .

The distressing case of Maria Colwell , who died whilst under local authority supervision in 1974 , was sadly followed by similar cases of child deaths in the 1980s .
the distressing case of maria colwell , who died [while] under local authority supervision in 1974 , was sadly followed by similar cases of child deaths in the 1980s .

The new emergency protection orders also allow courts to order a medical examination of the child , whilst parents may , after 72 hours , challenge any medical evidence as a result of this examination and request an alternative examination .
the new emergency protection orders also allow courts to order a medical examination of the child , [while] parents may , after 72 hours , challenge any medical evidence as a result of this examination and request an alternative examination .

The real value of current state pensions has been eroded , whilst means tested support on which older people increasingly rely has similarly suffered cuts in real value .
the real value of current state pensions has been eroded , [while] means tested support on which older people increasingly rely has similarly suffered cuts in real value .

Whilst housing associations have in the past provided some , albeit limited , accommodation to enable people with a disability to live independently , the 1988 Housing Act restricts the ability of housing associations to provide this kind of low-cost housing .
[while] housing associations have in the past provided some , albeit limited , accommodation to enable people with a disability to live independently , the 1988 housing act restricts the ability of housing associations to provide this kind of low-cost housing .

Whilst the overall sums have been low , and there has also been criticism that the time period for these grants has been too short for the more innovative projects , some success in the movement of mentally handicapped and ill people into the community has been achieved .
[while] the overall sums have been low , and there has also been criticism that the time period for these grants has been too short for the more innovative projects , some success in the movement of mentally handicapped and ill people into the community has been achieved .

However , in many instances hospital beds are being lost whilst the corresponding level of support outside the hospital is not being provided .
however , in many instances hospital beds are being lost [while] the corresponding level of support outside the hospital is not being provided .

Whilst the situation has not reached the endemic proportions of mentally ill people who are homeless in America , the situation of these groups in Britain is serious enough to warrant consideration and a commitment to funding of decent support in the community .
[while] the situation has not reached the endemic proportions of mentally ill people who are homeless in america , the situation of these groups in britain is serious enough to warrant consideration and a commitment to funding of decent support in the community .

Recent housing legislation has reduced the number of council houses for rent through the sale of local authority housing to both tenants and new landlords , whilst local authorities do not have the finance to provide more housing through new building works .
recent housing legislation has reduced the number of council houses for rent through the sale of local authority housing to both tenants and new landlords , [while] local authorities do not have the finance to provide more housing through new building works .

In particular , the moves in education to allow schools to become self-governing has shifted finance normally allocated and controlled by local authorities back to central government , whilst the selling of council houses has reduced both the size of the public housing sector controlled by local authorities and the level of financial control that accompanied this .
in particular , the moves in education to allow schools to become self-governing has shifted finance normally allocated and controlled by local authorities back to central government , [while] the selling of council houses has reduced both the size of the public housing sector controlled by local authorities and the level of financial control that accompanied this .

However , both social needs and the range of social policies designed to meet these are constantly changing , whilst social policy itself is not divorced from the economic and political climate in which it is developed .
however , both social needs and the range of social policies designed to meet these are constantly changing , [while] social policy itself is not divorced from the economic and political climate in which it is developed .

Whilst , overall , only slightly larger proportions of women than men may be likely to identify themselves as carers , the greater numbers of women in the adult population mean that in absolute terms more women are involved in care-giving than men .
[while] , overall , only slightly larger proportions of women than men may be likely to identify themselves as carers , the greater numbers of women in the adult population mean that in absolute terms more women are involved in care-giving than men .

Paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to remain in the labour market , even while providing substantial levels of care , whilst men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see Green , 1988 , Table 2.9 ; Parker , 1992 ) .
paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to remain in the labour market , even while providing substantial levels of care , [while] men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see green , 1988 , table 2.9 ; parker , 1992 ) .

We would therefore encourage the use of the described radiation protection devices , whilst pointing out at the same time that the usual high standards for prevention of ingestion , inhalation or skin absorption of radioactive compounds should still , of course , be maintained .
we would therefore encourage the use of the described radiation protection devices , [while] pointing out at the same time that the usual high standards for prevention of ingestion , inhalation or skin absorption of radioactive compounds should still , of course , be maintained .

Any Diconix printer bought after 10th February will be replaced free of charge , within 24 hours , if it fails whilst under warranty .
any diconix printer bought after 10th february will be replaced free of charge , within 24 hours , if it fails [while] under warranty .

6–2- " That whilst under the Old Testament Instrumental Music was prescribed as part of the Temple service it was removed along with the other peculiarities of that service , under the new and more spiritual dispensation from which ritualistic and sensuous forms of worship were excluded ; that no Instrumental Music was prescribed or practised by Christ and his Apostles … May it therefore please the General Assembly to withold all sanction to the introduction of Instrumental Music into our worship . "
6–2- " that [while] under the old testament instrumental music was prescribed as part of the temple service it was removed along with the other peculiarities of that service , under the new and more spiritual dispensation from which ritualistic and sensuous forms of worship were excluded ; that no instrumental music was prescribed or practised by christ and his apostles … may it therefore please the general assembly to withold all sanction to the introduction of instrumental music into our worship . "

Whilst recognising that specialist homes may become `` dumping grounds `` she sees a positive role for such homes ( Norman , 1987 ) , which as centres of excellence , provide information and support as well as care .
[while] recognising that specialist homes may become `` dumping grounds `` she sees a positive role for such homes ( norman , 1987 ) , which as centres of excellence , provide information and support as well as care .

For , whilst core teams are made up almost exclusively from social workers and community mental handicap nurses , the larger teams draw on a wider range of professionals .
for , [while] core teams are made up almost exclusively from social workers and community mental handicap nurses , the larger teams draw on a wider range of professionals .

Others , however , see the individual 's emotional , social and other more personal needs as top priority and put their emphasis on such things as stimulation , reality orientation and reminiscence work , whilst still acknowledging the value of the former services .
others , however , see the individual 's emotional , social and other more personal needs as top priority and put their emphasis on such things as stimulation , reality orientation and reminiscence work , [while] still acknowledging the value of the former services .

whilst the group who have made the move from the hospital to the community are not typical of the hospital population — they are generally not as dependent as the average person in hospital — they are certainly much more typical than those people who are moving out of hospital elsewhere in England and to some extent in Scotland .
[while] the group who have made the move from the hospital to the community are not typical of the hospital population — they are generally not as dependent as the average person in hospital — they are certainly much more typical than those people who are moving out of hospital elsewhere in england and to some extent in scotland .

Whilst missioner in Cambridgeshire — after a five years ' spell in Oxford he began to — read seriously and painstakingly — and , though untutored and without the benefit of lectures , he gained a degree in Classics at Cambridge University .
[while] missioner in cambridgeshire — after a five years ' spell in oxford he began to — read seriously and painstakingly — and , though untutored and without the benefit of lectures , he gained a degree in classics at cambridge university .

The ensuing " false " enquiry is itself underwritten by one global assumption of both a teleological and ideological nature ; the belief that the truth of Nizan 's contingent existence is most effectively disclosed by locating the significance of his insertion within the French communist party ; that is to say , the reasons why he joined the party , the image that he created of himself and of the party whilst he was a member , and the reasons why he left the party .
the ensuing " false " enquiry is itself underwritten by one global assumption of both a teleological and ideological nature ; the belief that the truth of nizan 's contingent existence is most effectively disclosed by locating the significance of his insertion within the french communist party ; that is to say , the reasons why he joined the party , the image that he created of himself and of the party [while] he was a member , and the reasons why he left the party .

The great revolutionary writer must retain the sophisticated literary qualities of Dostoievsky , whilst acceding to the clear-sighted political qualities of Lenin .
the great revolutionary writer must retain the sophisticated literary qualities of dostoievsky , [while] acceding to the clear-sighted political qualities of lenin .

Whilst the increase in the mean estimate of the Kd values in general parallels the extent of the deletion of the α-subunit , it is most noticeable in the case of the gal promoter .
[while] the increase in the mean estimate of the kd values in general parallels the extent of the deletion of the α-subunit , it is most noticeable in the case of the gal promoter .

On 7 March 1966 de Gaulle , in his most dramatic action so far , informed President Johnson that France , whilst remaining a signatory of the Atlantic Pact , was quitting the alliance 's military organisation .
on 7 march 1966 de gaulle , in his most dramatic action so far , informed president johnson that france , [while] remaining a signatory of the atlantic pact , was quitting the alliance 's military organisation .

Radical change was embraced most enthusiastically in Poland , Hungary and , after a critical interlude , in Czechoslovakia , whilst in East Germany there were moves towards reunification with the West .
radical change was embraced most enthusiastically in poland , hungary and , after a critical interlude , in czechoslovakia , [while] in east germany there were moves towards reunification with the west .

Instead in 1948–9 France , by then economically-reliant on America , was forced to accept the creation of a West German state , whilst German industry was revived as part of the Marshall Plan .
instead in 1948–9 france , by then economically-reliant on america , was forced to accept the creation of a west german state , [while] german industry was revived as part of the marshall plan .

Millions of soldiers were made prisoners of war , and many other Germans were interned under the Allied policy of ‘ denazification ’ whilst their activities under the Third Reich were investigated .
millions of soldiers were made prisoners of war , and many other germans were interned under the allied policy of ‘ denazification ’ [while] their activities under the third reich were investigated .

The four occupation powers executed the policy in different ways and innocent people could spend months in prison whilst many of the guilty escaped .
the four occupation powers executed the policy in different ways and innocent people could spend months in prison [while] many of the guilty escaped .

Whilst the Soviets carried through the redistribution of land , the nationalisation of industry and the transfer of political authority to German Communists , so the three Western powers increasingly co-operated in the creation of a federalised , liberal-democratic state in the West .
[while] the soviets carried through the redistribution of land , the nationalisation of industry and the transfer of political authority to german communists , so the three western powers increasingly co-operated in the creation of a federalised , liberal-democratic state in the west .

In fact , whilst some economic areas , especially the transport system , did improve in 1945 , inflation grew worse .
in fact , [while] some economic areas , especially the transport system , did improve in 1945 , inflation grew worse .

The Communists favoured wage increases , whilst the other parties argued these would be inflationary .
the communists favoured wage increases , [while] the other parties argued these would be inflationary .

Whilst still a student at Camberwell Humphrey Lyttelton began playing fairly regularly at the Feldman Swing Club which met every Sunday in the basement at 100 Oxford Street .
[while] still a student at camberwell humphrey lyttelton began playing fairly regularly at the feldman swing club which met every sunday in the basement at 100 oxford street .

Whilst living at Bedford Gardens he began taking Bobby Hunt around his favourite haunts .
[while] living at bedford gardens he began taking bobby hunt around his favourite haunts .

Vaughan then told Bobby , whilst they were alone together at the bar , that Minton was very much in love with him .
vaughan then told bobby , [while] they were alone together at the bar , that minton was very much in love with him .

Lucian Freud was among those who sometimes called in at breakfast and who , whilst Bobby Hunt made coffee , lay sprawled round the room , exercising their wit on the contents of the day 's newspaper .
lucian freud was among those who sometimes called in at breakfast and who , [while] bobby hunt made coffee , lay sprawled round the room , exercising their wit on the contents of the day 's newspaper .

He had bought pictures by Minton and Ayrton whilst having an affair with Ayrton 's mother .
he had bought pictures by minton and ayrton [while] having an affair with ayrton 's mother .

In one artist 's statement , he remarked : Whilst the Lefevre exhibition established him as urban romantic with a particular feeling for Thames-side subjects , a number of commissions followed which allowed him to develop this vein .
in one artist 's statement , he remarked : [while] the lefevre exhibition established him as urban romantic with a particular feeling for thames-side subjects , a number of commissions followed which allowed him to develop this vein .

Whilst there Minton did what he never did with his ‘ fun ’ friends : talked seriously about his work .
[while] there minton did what he never did with his ‘ fun ’ friends : talked seriously about his work .

Goff recollects him saying that he felt in danger of being left behind because whilst exciting things were happening in art he was not being allowed to develop .
goff recollects him saying that he felt in danger of being left behind because [while] exciting things were happening in art he was not being allowed to develop .

Whilst Keith Vaughan was art director for John Lehmann 's publishing house , he was a frequent visitor to their near neighbours in Hamilton Terrace , Hamish and Yvonne Hamilton .
[while] keith vaughan was art director for john lehmann 's publishing house , he was a frequent visitor to their near neighbours in hamilton terrace , hamish and yvonne hamilton .

Minton encouraged them to do as they pleased and a high time was had whilst he paid the bills .
minton encouraged them to do as they pleased and a high time was had [while] he paid the bills .

On two occasions Minton accompanied her to Sissinghurst where they had sherry with Vita Sackville-West , whom Edie had met whilst making drawings of the house and garden .
on two occasions minton accompanied her to sissinghurst where they had sherry with vita sackville-west , whom edie had met [while] making drawings of the house and garden .

He was also working on Cornish subjects based on drawings made the previous March when he , Eric Verrico and Bobby Hunt had gone down to Mevagissey , where Nessie Dunsmuir was living alone whilst Sydney Graham was in America .
he was also working on cornish subjects based on drawings made the previous march when he , eric verrico and bobby hunt had gone down to mevagissey , where nessie dunsmuir was living alone [while] sydney graham was in america .

From 1949 for a period of around four years he was a regular figure in Minton 's life , performing as his illustrative assistant whilst also doing free-lance work and other odd jobs .
from 1949 for a period of around four years he was a regular figure in minton 's life , performing as his illustrative assistant [while] also doing free-lance work and other odd jobs .

Two of the Bernard brothers first saw her seated at a bar drinking , whilst apparently listening to her male companion who was talking to her , quietly and seriously and in an unobtrusive manner .
two of the bernard brothers first saw her seated at a bar drinking , [while] apparently listening to her male companion who was talking to her , quietly and seriously and in an unobtrusive manner .

Whilst painting a large decorative panel , Bullfighters , in a semi-cubist style for a Society of Mural Painters exhibition , he knocked off dustjackets for John Lehmann and also for Rupert Hart-Davis .
[while] painting a large decorative panel , bullfighters , in a semi-cubist style for a society of mural painters exhibition , he knocked off dustjackets for john lehmann and also for rupert hart-davis .

He did less sketching than usual that summer , whilst travelling France in the company of Ricky Stride and his friend Roy Vincent , an acrobat at the Shepherd 's Bush Empire and who , like Ricky , belonged to a crowd of friends who met by the river at Runnymede to swim , sunbathe , exercise and do acrobatics .
he did less sketching than usual that summer , [while] travelling france in the company of ricky stride and his friend roy vincent , an acrobat at the shepherd 's bush empire and who , like ricky , belonged to a crowd of friends who met by the river at runnymede to swim , sunbathe , exercise and do acrobatics .

In May 1950 , whilst two of his pictures — a bullfighting scene and a portrait of Ricky Stride — hung at the Royal Academy , he wrote to Martyn Goff : ‘ We leave England on September 9th by a banana boat for the West Indies for the winter at least ; perhaps he said , with a faraway look , Forever .
in may 1950 , [while] two of his pictures — a bullfighting scene and a portrait of ricky stride — hung at the royal academy , he wrote to martyn goff : ‘ we leave england on september 9th by a banana boat for the west indies for the winter at least ; perhaps he said , with a faraway look , forever .

From Kingston they crossed the island to stay with the Blagroves whose mainly spice plantations Minton drew whilst Ricky exercised polo ponies .
from kingston they crossed the island to stay with the blagroves whose mainly spice plantations minton drew [while] ricky exercised polo ponies .

It was here that Minton , whilst sunbathing out at sea on a lilo narrowly escaped the shark which , tempted by a lump of goat meat on a steel hook , was hauled in the next day .
it was here that minton , [while] sunbathing out at sea on a lilo narrowly escaped the shark which , tempted by a lump of goat meat on a steel hook , was hauled in the next day .

Whilst looking at this picture Minton told Tindle : ‘ You 're the first to see something in Lucian .
[while] looking at this picture minton told tindle : ‘ you 're the first to see something in lucian .

Whilst he remained at Allen Street he had a bedroom in the basement , Minton occupying the middle floors and the flat at the top of the house being let to Paul Danquah , the son of a Gold Coast politician who had come to England from Ghana to study law and had had an affair with a Lyons Corner House waitress , Paul 's mother .
[while] he remained at allen street he had a bedroom in the basement , minton occupying the middle floors and the flat at the top of the house being let to paul danquah , the son of a gold coast politician who had come to england from ghana to study law and had had an affair with a lyons corner house waitress , paul 's mother .

Whilst painting Avery , Minton scarcely spoke , but as soon as he stopped would say , ‘ Let 's go for a drink .
[while] painting avery , minton scarcely spoke , but as soon as he stopped would say , ‘ let 's go for a drink .

Wallis never forgot how Minton , whilst painting this portrait , skipped to and fro across the floorboards at Shaftesbury Villas ‘ like some lean fencer with his long brush stabbing at the canvas ’ , all the while throwing out the liveliest sallies .
wallis never forgot how minton , [while] painting this portrait , skipped to and fro across the floorboards at shaftesbury villas ‘ like some lean fencer with his long brush stabbing at the canvas ’ , all the while throwing out the liveliest sallies .

Even at the initial interview for entrance to the College , Minton was able to give the sensation that , whilst the rest of the staff asked difficult questions , he was the potential student 's ally .
even at the initial interview for entrance to the college , minton was able to give the sensation that , [while] the rest of the staff asked difficult questions , he was the potential student 's ally .

Peter Blake turned up from Gravesend for his interview after a recent accident : whilst bicycling at night a man had suddenly crossed in front of him with a pram , causing Blake to land on his face on a newly made road .
peter blake turned up from gravesend for his interview after a recent accident : [while] bicycling at night a man had suddenly crossed in front of him with a pram , causing blake to land on his face on a newly made road .

Edward Middleditch , whilst a student at the College , regarded Minton as an interpreter of the more Mediterranean world of Picasso and Braque .
edward middleditch , [while] a student at the college , regarded minton as an interpreter of the more mediterranean world of picasso and braque .

Minton was also on friendly terms with the fourth ‘ Kitchen Sink ’ painter , John Bratby , whom he got to know whilst acting as his tutor .
minton was also on friendly terms with the fourth ‘ kitchen sink ’ painter , john bratby , whom he got to know [while] acting as his tutor .

He had first met Sylvester during the early years of the war ; whilst in the Army he had sent him a letter ( now lost ) which Sylvester claims was one of the funniest and most brilliant he has ever received .
he had first met sylvester during the early years of the war ; [while] in the army he had sent him a letter ( now lost ) which sylvester claims was one of the funniest and most brilliant he has ever received .

Elinor Bellingham Smith had married Rodrigo Moynihan whilst she was still at the Slade .
elinor bellingham smith had married rodrigo moynihan [while] she was still at the slade .

She spent seven years working for Harper 's Bazaar as a fashion illustrator , also producing book illustrations , and did not really begin to concentrate on painting until during the war , whilst living near Regent 's Park which inspired the spiky pastoralism which often served as a poignant background to her paintings of children .
she spent seven years working for harper 's bazaar as a fashion illustrator , also producing book illustrations , and did not really begin to concentrate on painting until during the war , [while] living near regent 's park which inspired the spiky pastoralism which often served as a poignant background to her paintings of children .

Whilst at the Slade the Moynihans had belonged to a high-spirited group which included Nicolette Macnamara and who describes Hinor in Two Flamboyant Fathers as a ‘ vivid , witty personality ’ , with red cheeks , black hair and ‘ a Mona Lisa smile ’ in which an ‘ uplift of humour ’ replaced mystery .
[while] at the slade the moynihans had belonged to a high-spirited group which included nicolette macnamara and who describes hinor in two flamboyant fathers as a ‘ vivid , witty personality ’ , with red cheeks , black hair and ‘ a mona lisa smile ’ in which an ‘ uplift of humour ’ replaced mystery .

National Service sent him into the Army , as he has described in Not all a Ball , and it was then , whilst on leave , that Minton 's ‘ irresistible , magical aura of ebullience and joie de vivre ’ offered such a liberating contrast with the high-pitched orders of NCOs and the brutalising routine of Army life .
national service sent him into the army , as he has described in not all a ball , and it was then , [while] on leave , that minton 's ‘ irresistible , magical aura of ebullience and joie de vivre ’ offered such a liberating contrast with the high-pitched orders of ncos and the brutalising routine of army life .

Whilst there Norman had his twenty-first birthday , a fact he announced to a girl he met in a café and who took him off around Antwerp in celebration , on a journey of discovery that lasted two days .
[while] there norman had his twenty-first birthday , a fact he announced to a girl he met in a café and who took him off around antwerp in celebration , on a journey of discovery that lasted two days .

Minton , guessing correctly that whilst in the West Country Norman would revisit the family with whom he was evacuated during the war , sent a wire asking him to join them .
minton , guessing correctly that [while] in the west country norman would revisit the family with whom he was evacuated during the war , sent a wire asking him to join them .

Hunt had recently been down on his luck and one day , whilst trying to interest publishers in his drawings , had been walking the streets with a portfolio under his arm when a taxi drew up with Francis Bacon inside .
hunt had recently been down on his luck and one day , [while] trying to interest publishers in his drawings , had been walking the streets with a portfolio under his arm when a taxi drew up with francis bacon inside .

He ran back to another sailor , Alf Sparkes , son of a Grimsby fisherman , who stayed at Apollo Place whilst on leave .
he ran back to another sailor , alf sparkes , son of a grimsby fisherman , who stayed at apollo place [while] on leave .

Another boy , whilst working out a problem , had to find 28 x 8 .
another boy , [while] working out a problem , had to find 28 x 8 .

Studies of the development of children 's writing and spelling suggest that whilst certain broad principles of development can be discerned , children follow a wide variety of individual developmental paths within these principles ( Bissex 1980 , Read 1986 ) .
studies of the development of children 's writing and spelling suggest that [while] certain broad principles of development can be discerned , children follow a wide variety of individual developmental paths within these principles ( bissex 1980 , read 1986 ) .

Talking in a loud voice whilst approaching a hide is the guaranteed way to become an expert in identifying the back ends of birds flying off in a panic .
talking in a loud voice [while] approaching a hide is the guaranteed way to become an expert in identifying the back ends of birds flying off in a panic .

One day — so the story goes — whilst staying on a walking and fishing holiday with friends , he was asked by the village schoolmistress to mind a group of local children .
one day — so the story goes — [while] staying on a walking and fishing holiday with friends , he was asked by the village schoolmistress to mind a group of local children .

Whilst they rested and fed and waited for the skies to clear , we could enjoy their presence .
[while] they rested and fed and waited for the skies to clear , we could enjoy their presence .

He began to write his own verse whilst still quite young , shyly at first , correcting again and again as his ‘ second thoughts blushed over his first attempts ’ .
he began to write his own verse [while] still quite young , shyly at first , correcting again and again as his ‘ second thoughts blushed over his first attempts ’ .

Preston 's father had decided to vary the tradition by volunteering , whilst in the Royal Navy , to be bombed by a low-flying aircraft with bags containing radioactive dust .
preston 's father had decided to vary the tradition by volunteering , [while] in the royal navy , to be bombed by a low-flying aircraft with bags containing radioactive dust .

But whilst in New York McLaren also took note of new groups like Television and Richard Hell and the Voidoids , whose spiky crew cut and ripped and torn T-shirts and jeans , clumsily held together with safety-pins , struck McLaren as the epitome of Bohemian urban guerrilla chic .
but [while] in new york mclaren also took note of new groups like television and richard hell and the voidoids , whose spiky crew cut and ripped and torn t-shirts and jeans , clumsily held together with safety-pins , struck mclaren as the epitome of bohemian urban guerrilla chic .

Whilst in Fort William she was taken ill with stomach pains .
[while] in fort william she was taken ill with stomach pains .

The remaining issue is how this power should be exercised in the context of a case in which a minor is refusing treatment or , whilst consenting to one form of treatment , is refusing to consent to another .
the remaining issue is how this power should be exercised in the context of a case in which a minor is refusing treatment or , [while] consenting to one form of treatment , is refusing to consent to another .

‘ He thought it unnecessary to consider the rights of the child whilst in its mother 's womb , between the time of conception and birth .
‘ he thought it unnecessary to consider the rights of the child [while] in its mother 's womb , between the time of conception and birth .

Accepting that , the health authorities say that the damage in the present case was suffered by the plaintiff whilst still en ventre sa mère and therefore while not a person in the eyes of English law .
accepting that , the health authorities say that the damage in the present case was suffered by the plaintiff [while] still en ventre sa mère and therefore while not a person in the eyes of english law .

Whilst this court should always be quick to identify and condemn any departure from the proper procedures , the interests of the victim and of maintaining the authority of the courts require that in deciding what use to make of its powers under section 13 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1960 , this court should ask itself whether , notwithstanding such a departure , the contemnor has suffered any injustice .
[while] this court should always be quick to identify and condemn any departure from the proper procedures , the interests of the victim and of maintaining the authority of the courts require that in deciding what use to make of its powers under section 13 ( 3 ) of the act of 1960 , this court should ask itself whether , notwithstanding such a departure , the contemnor has suffered any injustice .

’ He then sought to reconcile this proposition with the fact that the defendants were also agents for Mr. Brant and it was in the course of that agency , not whilst acting as agents for the plaintiff , that the defendants had learned that Mr. Perot was interested in buying Vertigo .
’ he then sought to reconcile this proposition with the fact that the defendants were also agents for mr. brant and it was in the course of that agency , not [while] acting as agents for the plaintiff , that the defendants had learned that mr. perot was interested in buying vertigo .

Whilst it is true that disadvantages arise from different aspects of the same dispute being adjudicated upon by different courts , it must be pointed out , on the one hand , that a plaintiff is always entitled to bring his action in its entirety before the courts for the domicile of the defendant and , on the other , that article 22 of the Convention allows the first court seised , in certain circumstances , to hear the case in its entirety provided that there is a connection between the actions brought before the different courts .
[while] it is true that disadvantages arise from different aspects of the same dispute being adjudicated upon by different courts , it must be pointed out , on the one hand , that a plaintiff is always entitled to bring his action in its entirety before the courts for the domicile of the defendant and , on the other , that article 22 of the convention allows the first court seised , in certain circumstances , to hear the case in its entirety provided that there is a connection between the actions brought before the different courts .

In other words , whilst the power to decide to serve an intervention notice without first hearing representations from persons affected was not in itself so unfair as to invalidate the notice , a lack of any means by which the person could immediately thereafter challenge the notice was in my opinion a breach of the requirements of fairness which the law should imply .
in other words , [while] the power to decide to serve an intervention notice without first hearing representations from persons affected was not in itself so unfair as to invalidate the notice , a lack of any means by which the person could immediately thereafter challenge the notice was in my opinion a breach of the requirements of fairness which the law should imply .

Whilst , however , it clearly follows that we have jurisdiction to entertain this application , it is a good deal less clear that we should be prepared to do so .
[while] , however , it clearly follows that we have jurisdiction to entertain this application , it is a good deal less clear that we should be prepared to do so .

He submitted that whilst it is relevant that the overall purpose and philosophy of the Convention should be borne in mind , nevertheless it is appropriate for the court to consider matters relating to the interests of the children .
he submitted that [while] it is relevant that the overall purpose and philosophy of the convention should be borne in mind , nevertheless it is appropriate for the court to consider matters relating to the interests of the children .

These will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .
these will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges [while] the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .

The Governments of the Federal Republic of Germany and Spain , the Commission of the European Communities and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that , whilst the rules relating to the grant of the flag fell within the competence of the member states , the member states could not adopt legislation contrary to Community law .
the governments of the federal republic of germany and spain , the commission of the european communities and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that , [while] the rules relating to the grant of the flag fell within the competence of the member states , the member states could not adopt legislation contrary to community law .

In this connection , it must be observed that whilst the right of establishment implies physical location in the territory of the country of establishment , it does not require that a person exercising the right should have his residence or , a fortiori , his principal residence or domicile , in the territory of that country .
in this connection , it must be observed that [while] the right of establishment implies physical location in the territory of the country of establishment , it does not require that a person exercising the right should have his residence or , a fortiori , his principal residence or domicile , in the territory of that country .

( 1 ) Whilst at present it falls to the member state concerned to determine whether a vessel is entitled to be registered in that state , the member state in question is none the less bound to comply with the relevant principles and provisions of Community law .
( 1 ) [while] at present it falls to the member state concerned to determine whether a vessel is entitled to be registered in that state , the member state in question is none the less bound to comply with the relevant principles and provisions of community law .

As a matter of ordinary English it includes actions , which , whilst not strictly necessary , relate to the grant or refusal of an advance .
as a matter of ordinary english it includes actions , which , [while] not strictly necessary , relate to the grant or refusal of an advance .

Whilst it is true that the port authority may carry out its functions through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself transfer any statutory immunities to the entity through which it chooses to operate .
[while] it is true that the port authority may carry out its functions through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself transfer any statutory immunities to the entity through which it chooses to operate .

Whilst , according to them , some reference was made to the possibility of imprisonment , the second appellant was assured by the solicitor that there was no risk of that and no real need for them to appear before the judge .
[while] , according to them , some reference was made to the possibility of imprisonment , the second appellant was assured by the solicitor that there was no risk of that and no real need for them to appear before the judge .

’ Accordingly , whilst a person such as the appellant is not excused from answering any question in those bankruptcy proceedings because of self incrimination , he is protected in ‘ proceedings for an offence under this Act ’ ( i.e .
’ accordingly , [while] a person such as the appellant is not excused from answering any question in those bankruptcy proceedings because of self incrimination , he is protected in ‘ proceedings for an offence under this act ’ ( i.e .

Whilst , then , as the committee 's report states , ‘ it would not be the duty of counsel to cross-examine the defence witnesses or address the jury if he was of the view that it would not be proper to convict , ’ he would be free to do so if the prosecution view changed , perhaps after hearing the defendant 's evidence .
[while] , then , as the committee 's report states , ‘ it would not be the duty of counsel to cross-examine the defence witnesses or address the jury if he was of the view that it would not be proper to convict , ’ he would be free to do so if the prosecution view changed , perhaps after hearing the defendant 's evidence .

Whilst a petition , based upon failure to comply with a statutory demand , may be presented before the expiry of the three week period stipulated in the demand if there is a serious possibility that the debtor 's property will be diminished in value ( s 270 ) , no bankruptcy order can be made until the three week period has elapsed ( s 271(2) ) .
[while] a petition , based upon failure to comply with a statutory demand , may be presented before the expiry of the three week period stipulated in the demand if there is a serious possibility that the debtor 's property will be diminished in value ( s 270 ) , no bankruptcy order can be made until the three week period has elapsed ( s 271(2) ) .

The official receiver whilst acting as receiver of the estate has the same powers as a receiver appointed by the High Court and is entitled to dispose of any perishable goods or any other goods the value of which is likely to be diminished if they are not disposed of ( s 287 ( 2 ) ) .
the official receiver [while] acting as receiver of the estate has the same powers as a receiver appointed by the high court and is entitled to dispose of any perishable goods or any other goods the value of which is likely to be diminished if they are not disposed of ( s 287 ( 2 ) ) .

The trustee must not , except with the leave of the court , proceed to declare a dividend whilst there is pending any application to the court to reverse or vary a decision of his on a proof or to expunge a proof or to reduce the amount claimed ( r 11.5 ( 2 ) ) .
the trustee must not , except with the leave of the court , proceed to declare a dividend [while] there is pending any application to the court to reverse or vary a decision of his on a proof or to expunge a proof or to reduce the amount claimed ( r 11.5 ( 2 ) ) .

Whilst they achieved no reaction at all from the cereal taken from outside the phenomena , that from inside the circle and the stone gave three clockwise gyrations on the pendulum followed by three anti-clockwise .
[while] they achieved no reaction at all from the cereal taken from outside the phenomena , that from inside the circle and the stone gave three clockwise gyrations on the pendulum followed by three anti-clockwise .

Everything right of 30 , east grid line is positive whilst every left of the 30 line is negative .
everything right of 30 , east grid line is positive [while] every left of the 30 line is negative .

Likewise , everything above the 80 northing is positive , whilst everything below is negative .
likewise , everything above the 80 northing is positive , [while] everything below is negative .

If we compare the two slopes then the line from circle centre to circle centre has a slope of 27.789 degrees whilst that from the Ogbourne centre to Bishops Cannings church is 27.74 degrees , less than of a degree of arc .
if we compare the two slopes then the line from circle centre to circle centre has a slope of 27.789 degrees [while] that from the ogbourne centre to bishops cannings church is 27.74 degrees , less than of a degree of arc .

Along with the hundred copies Hannah dealt with the following day for those who had been unable to reach Skipton the staggering figure of five hundred books were signed . Many thousands more have been sold at bookshop appearances from the northeast to the Midlands whilst at the Grove Bookshop in Ilkley , run by Andrew Sharp , Seasons of My Life — the Story of a Solitary Daleswoman , is , by a huge margin , the most popular book ever stocked
along with the hundred copies hannah dealt with the following day for those who had been unable to reach skipton the staggering figure of five hundred books were signed . many thousands more have been sold at bookshop appearances from the northeast to the midlands [while] at the grove bookshop in ilkley , run by andrew sharp , seasons of my life — the story of a solitary daleswoman , is , by a huge margin , the most popular book ever stocked

Whilst we were at it , we thought we 'd strip the floor and varnish it .
[while] we were at it , we thought we 'd strip the floor and varnish it .

Damien , the wild card , has had a very visible year whilst Alison is an artist who has made an important contribution over a long period .
damien , the wild card , has had a very visible year [while] alison is an artist who has made an important contribution over a long period .

The wall of jelly rises up against this army of destruction , whilst protecting its children ( the East End ) , enticing danger with its sickly sweet smell , inviting those who are seduced by the promise of temporal , earthly delights , to climb higher and higher .
the wall of jelly rises up against this army of destruction , [while] protecting its children ( the east end ) , enticing danger with its sickly sweet smell , inviting those who are seduced by the promise of temporal , earthly delights , to climb higher and higher .

‘ Initiation ’ was a particularly strong piece , well drawn and lusciously coloured with the woman gazing directly out carrying a severed head in one hand whilst a chubby cupid somersaults in glee .
‘ initiation ’ was a particularly strong piece , well drawn and lusciously coloured with the woman gazing directly out carrying a severed head in one hand [while] a chubby cupid somersaults in glee .

Whilst counselling is n essentially an intellectual process — mostly it depends upon a facility for empathy with a wide range of other human beings — it is nonetheless very demanding in the sheer volume of literature that has to be read and understood .
[while] counselling is n essentially an intellectual process — mostly it depends upon a facility for empathy with a wide range of other human beings — it is nonetheless very demanding in the sheer volume of literature that has to be read and understood .

Whilst other people recognise that the alcohol-induced sense of unconditioned acceptance is a false sensation , the sufferers from addictive disease may cling to it even to death rather than face up to the reality of the need to accept any conditions in life .
[while] other people recognise that the alcohol-induced sense of unconditioned acceptance is a false sensation , the sufferers from addictive disease may cling to it even to death rather than face up to the reality of the need to accept any conditions in life .

When you have learnt these techniques , your reward will be the sheer delight of being able to set up any performance , no matter how heavy the workload ; with the minimum of trial and error , whilst simultaneously maintaining accurate navigation and approach procedures .
when you have learnt these techniques , your reward will be the sheer delight of being able to set up any performance , no matter how heavy the workload ; with the minimum of trial and error , [while] simultaneously maintaining accurate navigation and approach procedures .

The sheer facts of experience , however , drive the Christians to acknowledge the deity of Yahweh , Jesus , and the Spirit , whilst distinguishing between them .
the sheer facts of experience , however , drive the christians to acknowledge the deity of yahweh , jesus , and the spirit , [while] distinguishing between them .

But perhaps the most striking example of the sombre side of suffering in obedience to God which the Spirit of Jesus calls us to Is provided by Paul in the Corinthian correspondence Kasemann has perceptively observed , in Jesus Means Freedom that this church at Corinth was infatuated with a theology of the Spirit whilst allergic to a theology of the cross .
but perhaps the most striking example of the sombre side of suffering in obedience to god which the spirit of jesus calls us to is provided by paul in the corinthian correspondence kasemann has perceptively observed , in jesus means freedom that this church at corinth was infatuated with a theology of the spirit [while] allergic to a theology of the cross .

’ Whilst therefore making full allowance for the diversity of gifts God has given to his Church in the varying capacities he has accorded to different members , Paul insists that the Spirit creates unity , and that it is the job of the Christians to keep that unity and not spoil it .
’ [while] therefore making full allowance for the diversity of gifts god has given to his church in the varying capacities he has accorded to different members , paul insists that the spirit creates unity , and that it is the job of the christians to keep that unity and not spoil it .

On the immediate constitutional front , corruption was attacked ; virtual representation was no longer seen as enough ; and whilst some attacked the rights of landed property in politics urging the principle that every man of means should be directly represented , some went further to attack the political privilege of all property arguing for the `` rights of man `` , complete equality , and a democratic republic based on the true sovereignty of all the people .
on the immediate constitutional front , corruption was attacked ; virtual representation was no longer seen as enough ; and [while] some attacked the rights of landed property in politics urging the principle that every man of means should be directly represented , some went further to attack the political privilege of all property arguing for the `` rights of man `` , complete equality , and a democratic republic based on the true sovereignty of all the people .

Critics , whilst accepting that the powers of Prime Ministers have increased , suggest that the thesis as a whole exaggerates .
critics , [while] accepting that the powers of prime ministers have increased , suggest that the thesis as a whole exaggerates .

First , the 1945 election would be regarded as some kind of high point in terms of the programme choice offered to the electorate by the Labour and Conservative Parties : Labour was out to create a new socialist Britain whilst the Conservatives were still rooted in the Old Toryism of empire and unregulated capitalism .
first , the 1945 election would be regarded as some kind of high point in terms of the programme choice offered to the electorate by the labour and conservative parties : labour was out to create a new socialist britain [while] the conservatives were still rooted in the old toryism of empire and unregulated capitalism .

This literature , whilst being mindful of the ordinary business cycle of boom and slump , growth and recession , is especially mindful and critical of what is seen as the increasing coincidence between the five-yearly election cycle and the rhythm of the economy .
this literature , [while] being mindful of the ordinary business cycle of boom and slump , growth and recession , is especially mindful and critical of what is seen as the increasing coincidence between the five-yearly election cycle and the rhythm of the economy .

Left-inclined critics , whilst recognising that political inactivity can be construed as a measure of satisfaction and power for certain interests , nevertheless argue that this is not the case for all interests and in many cases they regard inactivity as symptomatic of a powerlessness and fatalism which renders any activity pointless .
left-inclined critics , [while] recognising that political inactivity can be construed as a measure of satisfaction and power for certain interests , nevertheless argue that this is not the case for all interests and in many cases they regard inactivity as symptomatic of a powerlessness and fatalism which renders any activity pointless .

Indeed , as workers come to recognise that the corporatist game is rigged against them — wage restraint in return for the `` benefits `` of a social contract , whilst everything is done to foster profits for the capitalists — they will rebel against it .
indeed , as workers come to recognise that the corporatist game is rigged against them — wage restraint in return for the `` benefits `` of a social contract , [while] everything is done to foster profits for the capitalists — they will rebel against it .

There was the hope that entry into the European Community would offer the solution of a magic external escape route , and the drive for institutional efficiency embraced the pretence that the old system could be made to work `` better `` whilst it was still left pretty much intact .
there was the hope that entry into the european community would offer the solution of a magic external escape route , and the drive for institutional efficiency embraced the pretence that the old system could be made to work `` better `` [while] it was still left pretty much intact .

The value of such systems would perhaps lie in their immediacy , for instance in assessing reaction to a television advertising campaign whilst it was actually being carried out .
the value of such systems would perhaps lie in their immediacy , for instance in assessing reaction to a television advertising campaign [while] it was actually being carried out .

Whilst cost budgets may be based on internal standards , they may depend on the sales volume of the business activity .
[while] cost budgets may be based on internal standards , they may depend on the sales volume of the business activity .

Whilst a detailed analysis of system dynamics is beyond the scope of this book , its application to sales forecasting is illustrated by an example , below .
[while] a detailed analysis of system dynamics is beyond the scope of this book , its application to sales forecasting is illustrated by an example , below .

Whilst the consequences of these changes may be hotly debated , their marketing impact on business enterprises has been immense .
[while] the consequences of these changes may be hotly debated , their marketing impact on business enterprises has been immense .

Whilst there are many ways in which prestige and respect can be obtained , the possession or use of certain types of goods and services are likely to increase individual status .
[while] there are many ways in which prestige and respect can be obtained , the possession or use of certain types of goods and services are likely to increase individual status .

Others will be hostile and critical ; whilst those readers who have bargained in the bazaars of North Africa or the East will have recognised that the customer and the shopkeeper are expected to play a negotiating game , jousting with each other until there is agreement and mutual respect .
others will be hostile and critical ; [while] those readers who have bargained in the bazaars of north africa or the east will have recognised that the customer and the shopkeeper are expected to play a negotiating game , jousting with each other until there is agreement and mutual respect .

The emergence of the personality is a lengthy process which continues throughout maturity into old age , with some traits becoming more developed or pronounced , whilst others mellow .
the emergence of the personality is a lengthy process which continues throughout maturity into old age , with some traits becoming more developed or pronounced , [while] others mellow .

In South America the upper classes tend to be European in origin , whilst the lower classes tend to be the negro descendants of slaves .
in south america the upper classes tend to be european in origin , [while] the lower classes tend to be the negro descendants of slaves .

Whilst a detailed discussion of the advantages and disadvantages of such classifications is beyond the scope of this book , their widespread use shows that : * they give a generally reliable picture of the relationship between occupation and income ; * they do indicate differences in purchase and consumption patterns , although the total disposable income as between any two categories may be similar ( especially where husband and wife are both working ) ; * those categories are stable and enduring .
[while] a detailed discussion of the advantages and disadvantages of such classifications is beyond the scope of this book , their widespread use shows that : * they give a generally reliable picture of the relationship between occupation and income ; * they do indicate differences in purchase and consumption patterns , although the total disposable income as between any two categories may be similar ( especially where husband and wife are both working ) ; * those categories are stable and enduring .

The older generation can ask the most awkward questions whilst giving less offence than younger members , who may feel it incumbent upon themselves to appear more reticent in giving advice .
the older generation can ask the most awkward questions [while] giving less offence than younger members , who may feel it incumbent upon themselves to appear more reticent in giving advice .

Any number of people may be involved in these roles , whilst it would be quite normal for one person to fulfil more than one of these roles .
any number of people may be involved in these roles , [while] it would be quite normal for one person to fulfil more than one of these roles .

Market research should assess consumer satisfaction , whilst consumer likes and preferences that stem from use or consumption of the product should be fed back into the advertising , promotion and product differentiation that are important inputs at the information search and evaluation of alternatives stages in the model .
market research should assess consumer satisfaction , [while] consumer likes and preferences that stem from use or consumption of the product should be fed back into the advertising , promotion and product differentiation that are important inputs at the information search and evaluation of alternatives stages in the model .

absorbency both in order to take up cosmetics and cleansing agents , and a the same time to hold sufficient of the cleansing agents whilst they are being applied .
absorbency both in order to take up cosmetics and cleansing agents , and a the same time to hold sufficient of the cleansing agents [while] they are being applied .

Whilst the demand for buildings shows a considerable variation around the movement of the economy , the most violent swings may be felt by the manufacturers of specific products like bricks , concrete , roof-tiles and the like .
[while] the demand for buildings shows a considerable variation around the movement of the economy , the most violent swings may be felt by the manufacturers of specific products like bricks , concrete , roof-tiles and the like .

Purchase decisions may need substantial information flows , whilst a well organised enterprise will also keep up-to-date on the main trends , developments and events involving the companies from which it buys its inputs .
purchase decisions may need substantial information flows , [while] a well organised enterprise will also keep up-to-date on the main trends , developments and events involving the companies from which it buys its inputs .

Editorial comment will be widely read and taken seriously , whilst favourable or unfavourable references to supplier companies tend to be spotted and remembered in the trade .
editorial comment will be widely read and taken seriously , [while] favourable or unfavourable references to supplier companies tend to be spotted and remembered in the trade .

Families had greater incomes to spend , and whilst the relative proportion of income spent on foodstuffs has not increased greatly , the absolute sums spent have risen as a result .
families had greater incomes to spend , and [while] the relative proportion of income spent on foodstuffs has not increased greatly , the absolute sums spent have risen as a result .

‘ Mona ’ ensures that if you did n't want to strangle Craig McLachlan before , then you will now , whilst ‘ Diddley Daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ Little Girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ Who Do You Love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .
‘ mona ’ ensures that if you did n't want to strangle craig mclachlan before , then you will now , [while] ‘ diddley daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ little girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ who do you love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .

Justifiably , the city 's defenders can point out that whilst life for working-class Brummies was and still can be hard , it is better than the lot of an agricultural labourer in the eighteenth century .
justifiably , the city 's defenders can point out that [while] life for working-class brummies was and still can be hard , it is better than the lot of an agricultural labourer in the eighteenth century .

Whilst they are here , we hope that they rub away at the image of Birmingham and find its reality .
[while] they are here , we hope that they rub away at the image of birmingham and find its reality .

Using David Lodge as an example , we would say to visitors to our city , ‘ Whilst you are in Birmingham , discover Birmingham .
using david lodge as an example , we would say to visitors to our city , ‘ [while] you are in birmingham , discover birmingham .

The Victoria Unit is concerned to reintegrate pupils whilst the head of the Delphi Centre rarely sees this as his aim .
the victoria unit is concerned to reintegrate pupils [while] the head of the delphi centre rarely sees this as his aim .

Some children are chatting across the desks whilst working unsupervised in their project folders , a few others are constructing a ‘ trolley ’ and making table-tennis bats in the craft room and another group is involved in another classroom in a range of art activities .
some children are chatting across the desks [while] working unsupervised in their project folders , a few others are constructing a ‘ trolley ’ and making table-tennis bats in the craft room and another group is involved in another classroom in a range of art activities .

Whilst the pupil agrees to be polite , attend punctually , behave considerately and ask for permission before leaving the premises the staff agree to provide specific curricular inputs requested by the pupil and to secure a place for him or her back in an orthodox school .
[while] the pupil agrees to be polite , attend punctually , behave considerately and ask for permission before leaving the premises the staff agree to provide specific curricular inputs requested by the pupil and to secure a place for him or her back in an orthodox school .

Although it would be glib to presume that the removal of a pupil from his or her usual classes is necessarily the wrong strategy , there are obvious contradictions in operating a system based on negative sanctions and the off-loading of responsibility for one group whilst attempting to accept and cater for the diversity of the rest .
although it would be glib to presume that the removal of a pupil from his or her usual classes is necessarily the wrong strategy , there are obvious contradictions in operating a system based on negative sanctions and the off-loading of responsibility for one group [while] attempting to accept and cater for the diversity of the rest .

Almost 40 per cent of such problems were attributed in whole or part to the pupils ' characteristics whilst in about 65 per cent of cases the home was thought to be wholly or partly to blame .
almost 40 per cent of such problems were attributed in whole or part to the pupils ' characteristics [while] in about 65 per cent of cases the home was thought to be wholly or partly to blame .

Whilst he wrote on the blackboard , a group of four white boys , sat talking to each other in an ordinary tone of voice .
[while] he wrote on the blackboard , a group of four white boys , sat talking to each other in an ordinary tone of voice .

Thus , at the undergraduate level , the College offers a joint honours degree in conjunction with the University College leading to the Bachelor of Librarianship of the University of Wales , whilst suitably qualified librarians may undertake advanced study or research at the College , leading to a Master of Librarianship degree of the University or Fellowship of the Library Association .
thus , at the undergraduate level , the college offers a joint honours degree in conjunction with the university college leading to the bachelor of librarianship of the university of wales , [while] suitably qualified librarians may undertake advanced study or research at the college , leading to a master of librarianship degree of the university or fellowship of the library association .

And whilst it pays to take care , where would any of us be if we did not take risks ?
and [while] it pays to take care , where would any of us be if we did not take risks ?

Many of the canvases produced in the later part of 1906 constitute what might be called a ‘ crisis ’ point in Picasso 's art in that he was becoming increasingly obsessed with creating figures which were heavily volumetric , indeed often almost grotesquely bulky , but which simultaneously adhered or clung to the picture plane : the effect they produce could best be described by imagining a series of pneumatic models pushed up against heavy panes of glass and pumped up with air , so that they get larger and larger whilst simultaneously flattening up against the surface in front of them .
many of the canvases produced in the later part of 1906 constitute what might be called a ‘ crisis ’ point in picasso 's art in that he was becoming increasingly obsessed with creating figures which were heavily volumetric , indeed often almost grotesquely bulky , but which simultaneously adhered or clung to the picture plane : the effect they produce could best be described by imagining a series of pneumatic models pushed up against heavy panes of glass and pumped up with air , so that they get larger and larger [while] simultaneously flattening up against the surface in front of them .

Previous chapters have dealt with various aspects of leadership , tasks and environment , and whilst these factors can not be ignored , this chapter focuses attention on the other factors such as group norms , group cohesiveness and roles within groups .
previous chapters have dealt with various aspects of leadership , tasks and environment , and [while] these factors can not be ignored , this chapter focuses attention on the other factors such as group norms , group cohesiveness and roles within groups .

This behaviour is part of a dynamic , or constantly changing process within the group , which can be influenced by individuals in response to issues that have occurred whilst undertaking the task .
this behaviour is part of a dynamic , or constantly changing process within the group , which can be influenced by individuals in response to issues that have occurred [while] undertaking the task .

Between groups — each group began to see the other group as ‘ the enemy ’ , hostility between groups increased whilst communication between them decreased ; stereotyped opinions of the other side began to emerge , especially negative stereotypes .
between groups — each group began to see the other group as ‘ the enemy ’ , hostility between groups increased [while] communication between them decreased ; stereotyped opinions of the other side began to emerge , especially negative stereotypes .

Whilst the first four roles provide the major inspiration and leadership , this role provides for implementation of ideas by the roleholders ' ability to translate general ideas and plans into practice .
[while] the first four roles provide the major inspiration and leadership , this role provides for implementation of ideas by the roleholders ' ability to translate general ideas and plans into practice .

Organizational structures will tend to favour decentralisation on account of the existence of powerful departmental computer facilities , whilst within offices the trend will be towards the integration of existing services , ie data processing , word processing , voice communication and electronic mail , along the lines suggested in Figure 30.3 in para 29 above . In these circumstances it will be important for organizations to plan for such a future , so as to ensure that :
organizational structures will tend to favour decentralisation on account of the existence of powerful departmental computer facilities , [while] within offices the trend will be towards the integration of existing services , ie data processing , word processing , voice communication and electronic mail , along the lines suggested in figure 30.3 in para 29 above . in these circumstances it will be important for organizations to plan for such a future , so as to ensure that :

For example , whilst advertising is very important in reaching out to consumer markets , it is of relatively little significance to industrial markets , where personal selling is the most popular method .
for example , [while] advertising is very important in reaching out to consumer markets , it is of relatively little significance to industrial markets , where personal selling is the most popular method .

Whilst many organizations still see the prime role of the sales representative as that of generating sales , there is an increasing trend which sees the representative in a wider marketing role , which emphasises the profit responsibility of the position .
[while] many organizations still see the prime role of the sales representative as that of generating sales , there is an increasing trend which sees the representative in a wider marketing role , which emphasises the profit responsibility of the position .

In retail operations , particular stores or chains will focus on particular segments of the market ( eg Mothercare ) , whilst others will aim to attract a wide range of customers into their shops , but will organize their shelf-displays to cater for segment needs .
in retail operations , particular stores or chains will focus on particular segments of the market ( eg mothercare ) , [while] others will aim to attract a wide range of customers into their shops , but will organize their shelf-displays to cater for segment needs .

Whilst social class is a demographic factor , it is also a prime determinant of buyer-behaviour variables , since class background influences tastes , values and attitudes .
[while] social class is a demographic factor , it is also a prime determinant of buyer-behaviour variables , since class background influences tastes , values and attitudes .

The advantage of such an audit lies in its ability to produce a critical assessment of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , whilst at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the external environment .
the advantage of such an audit lies in its ability to produce a critical assessment of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , [while] at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the external environment .

This structure allocates specific responsibility for individual products/product groups and for specific markets , whilst retaining all the key functional posts .
this structure allocates specific responsibility for individual products/product groups and for specific markets , [while] retaining all the key functional posts .

Of the two groups the former are more biassed towards persuasive selling , whilst the latter tend to be order-takers .
of the two groups the former are more biassed towards persuasive selling , [while] the latter tend to be order-takers .

Running maintenance , carried out whilst plant or machinery is operating .
running maintenance , carried out [while] plant or machinery is operating .

The London and New York smogs of the 1950s and 1960s were some of the worst sulphurous smogs to have occurred whilst , since the 1940s , Los Angeles has provided many examples of the worst photochemical ( ozone ) smogs .
the london and new york smogs of the 1950s and 1960s were some of the worst sulphurous smogs to have occurred [while] , since the 1940s , los angeles has provided many examples of the worst photochemical ( ozone ) smogs .

For example , limitations on domestic heating during winter smogs could lead to the elderly suffering from hypothermia , and prohibitions on the use of private cars could increase exposure to outdoor pollution whilst walking to work or waiting for public transport .
for example , limitations on domestic heating during winter smogs could lead to the elderly suffering from hypothermia , and prohibitions on the use of private cars could increase exposure to outdoor pollution [while] walking to work or waiting for public transport .

In the absence of profit , objectives are usually more difficult to define , whilst many government departments and public agencies — and many of the programmes they administer — have multiple objectives .
in the absence of profit , objectives are usually more difficult to define , [while] many government departments and public agencies — and many of the programmes they administer — have multiple objectives .

Even where decentralized budgeting projects have been introduced , these have often taken the form of pilot projects or trials ( Progress in Financial Management in Government Departments , 1984 , especially Appendix 2 ) , whilst the authority delegated to budget holders has often been severely constrained ( not least by centrally determined manpower ceilings and pay scales ) .
even where decentralized budgeting projects have been introduced , these have often taken the form of pilot projects or trials ( progress in financial management in government departments , 1984 , especially appendix 2 ) , [while] the authority delegated to budget holders has often been severely constrained ( not least by centrally determined manpower ceilings and pay scales ) .

Whilst it is theoretically true at the time of writing that local authorities , through the rates , currently have a source of finance independent of central government , finance which can be spent on any object within their statutory jurisdiction , this is not the whole story .
[while] it is theoretically true at the time of writing that local authorities , through the rates , currently have a source of finance independent of central government , finance which can be spent on any object within their statutory jurisdiction , this is not the whole story .

This largely reflected the fact that in a significant minority of authorities — about 11 per cent — one-party policy and resources ( or similar ) committees are found , whilst in 64 per cent an informal ‘ inner circle ’ of the majority leadership meets regularly , usually in the presence of officers ( Widdicombe , 1986 , paras 5.56 ; 5.57 ) .
this largely reflected the fact that in a significant minority of authorities — about 11 per cent — one-party policy and resources ( or similar ) committees are found , [while] in 64 per cent an informal ‘ inner circle ’ of the majority leadership meets regularly , usually in the presence of officers ( widdicombe , 1986 , paras 5.56 ; 5.57 ) .

Whilst the general power to cap the rates of all authorities has not yet been used , the switch in emphasis from concern with local government spending to local authority spending has nevertheless been marked .
[while] the general power to cap the rates of all authorities has not yet been used , the switch in emphasis from concern with local government spending to local authority spending has nevertheless been marked .

Different functions and properties can be distributed between different cells ; some for instance become contractile , whilst others specialize in synthesizing and secreting the chemical signals .
different functions and properties can be distributed between different cells ; some for instance become contractile , [while] others specialize in synthesizing and secreting the chemical signals .

Consider , for instance , the ability of the male praying mantis to continue copulating whilst the female steadily devours him from the head end downwards , or for the head end of a wasp to continue eating even when severed from the abdomen .
consider , for instance , the ability of the male praying mantis to continue copulating [while] the female steadily devours him from the head end downwards , or for the head end of a wasp to continue eating even when severed from the abdomen .

The extraordinary feature of this ceaseless flux is that structures of the cells and the body they compose remain constant whilst their components are replaced .
the extraordinary feature of this ceaseless flux is that structures of the cells and the body they compose remain constant [while] their components are replaced .

The culminating step in this reduction is the interaction of two specific microdissected neurons which can be induced to make synaptic contact whilst preserved in isolation in a dish .
the culminating step in this reduction is the interaction of two specific microdissected neurons which can be induced to make synaptic contact [while] preserved in isolation in a dish .

Whilst a single stimulation of the body surface close to the gill or siphon produces a reflex withdrawal , on repeated stimulation the response habituates ; that is , the response to the repeated stimuli steadily diminishes and finally disappears completely for a while .
[while] a single stimulation of the body surface close to the gill or siphon produces a reflex withdrawal , on repeated stimulation the response habituates ; that is , the response to the repeated stimuli steadily diminishes and finally disappears completely for a while .

Whilst this might be true , for some years now invertebrate neurophysiologists ( by which is meant those who study invertebrates , not a special group of researchers without backbones ! )
[while] this might be true , for some years now invertebrate neurophysiologists ( by which is meant those who study invertebrates , not a special group of researchers without backbones ! )

Over on one side , Lars Ulrich blinked his fashionably painted eyelids whilst he calculated moments of inertia and angular velocities on the wax tablet he always carried with him .
over on one side , lars ulrich blinked his fashionably painted eyelids [while] he calculated moments of inertia and angular velocities on the wax tablet he always carried with him .

Great arcs of energy flashed from cap to cap whilst thunderclaps pumped air through the forest of glittering stems .
great arcs of energy flashed from cap to cap [while] thunderclaps pumped air through the forest of glittering stems .

‘ Like your party trick with the neutrino collectors and the hymetusite : we could n't have scaled it up enough to solve Earth 's energy shortfall , but it could have supported us here whilst we searched for the long-term solution — the high-mass elements in Lucifer 's core .
‘ like your party trick with the neutrino collectors and the hymetusite : we could n't have scaled it up enough to solve earth 's energy shortfall , but it could have supported us here [while] we searched for the long-term solution — the high-mass elements in lucifer 's core .

For instance , if somebody shows evidence of being tense whilst being questioned , that can be emphasized in order to make their behaviour clearer .
for instance , if somebody shows evidence of being tense [while] being questioned , that can be emphasized in order to make their behaviour clearer .

Ardamal twisted lithely , presenting the smallest possible surface area to the woman whilst simultaneously lining up his needler on her left breast .
ardamal twisted lithely , presenting the smallest possible surface area to the woman [while] simultaneously lining up his needler on her left breast .

The woman was drifting upwards now ; trying to read exit signs whilst still watching for pursuit .
the woman was drifting upwards now ; trying to read exit signs [while] still watching for pursuit .

His sweat had floated from him whilst he slept , and whilst he fell , overwhelming the humidity regulators , pooling in the extremities of the starsuit and soaking into the padding .
his sweat had floated from him [while] he slept , and [while] he fell , overwhelming the humidity regulators , pooling in the extremities of the starsuit and soaking into the padding .

They hung before him ; swirling , shifting , changing , somehow moving whilst staying perfectly still ; their bodies evolving like glowing patterns in a three-dimensional kaleidoscope .
they hung before him ; swirling , shifting , changing , somehow moving [while] staying perfectly still ; their bodies evolving like glowing patterns in a three-dimensional kaleidoscope .

Christ , she thought savagely , a person could starve to death whilst that thing forces sticky buns on dieters and ham rolls on vegetarians !
christ , she thought savagely , a person could starve to death [while] that thing forces sticky buns on dieters and ham rolls on vegetarians !

Finally , she grabbed hold of the dispenser 's cooling fin whilst it was waving a krill doughnut around in a vain attempt to attract custom , pulled it close and , in a casual and unremarkable manner , moved her hand down to the dispenser 's access plate and ran her fingers around the seam until she felt a magnetic bolt buzzing beneath her fingers .
finally , she grabbed hold of the dispenser 's cooling fin [while] it was waving a krill doughnut around in a vain attempt to attract custom , pulled it close and , in a casual and unremarkable manner , moved her hand down to the dispenser 's access plate and ran her fingers around the seam until she felt a magnetic bolt buzzing beneath her fingers .

The Doctor was standing on one hand now , and juggling five different balls whilst singing a medley of songs by Abba .
the doctor was standing on one hand now , and juggling five different balls [while] singing a medley of songs by abba .

The Doctor was standing on his head and juggling the balls by knocking them with the soles of his feet whilst gargling ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner ’ .
the doctor was standing on his head and juggling the balls by knocking them with the soles of his feet [while] gargling ‘ the star-spangled banner ’ .

Whilst the relevance of such information should not be denied , to present it divorced from the Latin American context leads to a seriously distorted picture of Soviet-Latin American relations .
[while] the relevance of such information should not be denied , to present it divorced from the latin american context leads to a seriously distorted picture of soviet-latin american relations .

This period saw the development of two significant trends : the perceived relevance of Marxism to Latin America increased , whilst the stature of the Communist parties markedly declined after reaching a peak in the immediate aftermath of the Second World War .
this period saw the development of two significant trends : the perceived relevance of marxism to latin america increased , [while] the stature of the communist parties markedly declined after reaching a peak in the immediate aftermath of the second world war .

Khrushchev , who was preoccupied with trying to promote a policy of peaceful coexistence with the United States ( Khrushchev and Eisenhower met at Camp David in September 1959 ) whilst at the same time seeking to contain the emerging Sino-Soviet rift , had little thought to spare for the bearded revolutionaries in far-off Cuba .
khrushchev , who was preoccupied with trying to promote a policy of peaceful coexistence with the united states ( khrushchev and eisenhower met at camp david in september 1959 ) [while] at the same time seeking to contain the emerging sino-soviet rift , had little thought to spare for the bearded revolutionaries in far-off cuba .

Whilst there is no denying that from its early days the Castro government provided safe haven and some aid to the revolutionary groups which flocked to Havana from all over Latin America and the Caribbean — in 1959 Cuba was the launching base for unsuccessful attacks on Haiti , Panama and the Dominican Republic — these activities must be set in context .
[while] there is no denying that from its early days the castro government provided safe haven and some aid to the revolutionary groups which flocked to havana from all over latin america and the caribbean — in 1959 cuba was the launching base for unsuccessful attacks on haiti , panama and the dominican republic — these activities must be set in context .

Once the police roadblock strategy had been implemented , it received the immediate endorsement of the Attorney General , whilst their hard-line approach to picket-line misconduct was sanctioned by severe court sentencing of offenders .
once the police roadblock strategy had been implemented , it received the immediate endorsement of the attorney general , [while] their hard-line approach to picket-line misconduct was sanctioned by severe court sentencing of offenders .

More particularly , attacks on players and match officials were predominant before the First World War , whilst fights between opposing fan groups are predominant today ’ ( Dunning , 1990:76 ) .
more particularly , attacks on players and match officials were predominant before the first world war , [while] fights between opposing fan groups are predominant today ’ ( dunning , 1990:76 ) .

Whilst Roadburg may underestimate the size of the middle-class and female components of the British soccer crowd , he is correct to emphasise that the terraces are chiefly made up of working-class males and that , of this group , it is the youth segment which most often engages in violence .
[while] roadburg may underestimate the size of the middle-class and female components of the british soccer crowd , he is correct to emphasise that the terraces are chiefly made up of working-class males and that , of this group , it is the youth segment which most often engages in violence .

However , not all sections were ‘ incorporated ’ in this way : ‘ whilst the ‘ respectable ’ sections of the working class have increased in size , the gap between them and the dwindling lower-working class , including the sections who remain ‘ rough ’ , has widened ' ( ibid .
however , not all sections were ‘ incorporated ’ in this way : ‘ [while] the ‘ respectable ’ sections of the working class have increased in size , the gap between them and the dwindling lower-working class , including the sections who remain ‘ rough ’ , has widened ' ( ibid .

Interviews with riot participants indicated bitterness at the media 's failure to highlight prior police-community relations : ‘ They do not show people being stopped and searched in their cars , in their homes and whilst waiting at bus stops ’ , one interviewee complained .
interviews with riot participants indicated bitterness at the media 's failure to highlight prior police-community relations : ‘ they do not show people being stopped and searched in their cars , in their homes and [while] waiting at bus stops ’ , one interviewee complained .

We have seen that Asians and Afro-Caribbeans are likely to be assaulted more than whites ( Asians twice as much as whites ) , and whilst we have statistics where white victims are ‘ mugged ’ by black assailants ( a small part of robbery figures ) , we have no figures for street robbery , rape or racial assaults on black people by whites .
we have seen that asians and afro-caribbeans are likely to be assaulted more than whites ( asians twice as much as whites ) , and [while] we have statistics where white victims are ‘ mugged ’ by black assailants ( a small part of robbery figures ) , we have no figures for street robbery , rape or racial assaults on black people by whites .

This was Britain 's worst air tragedy , and whilst this can not be classified as an accident in the usual sense of the word , there were calls for greater airport security , and considerable concern over whether a warning that an attack would be made on an American airliner had not been passed onto the public because a drop in seat sales would occur .
this was britain 's worst air tragedy , and [while] this can not be classified as an accident in the usual sense of the word , there were calls for greater airport security , and considerable concern over whether a warning that an attack would be made on an american airliner had not been passed onto the public because a drop in seat sales would occur .

The solution suggested by the State to overcrowding in prison has been to expand the prison building programme ( a suggested 16 new prisons ) , whilst simultaneously exploring non-custodial alternatives .
the solution suggested by the state to overcrowding in prison has been to expand the prison building programme ( a suggested 16 new prisons ) , [while] simultaneously exploring non-custodial alternatives .

Between 1950 and 1975 both Britain and Holland had similar increases in crime levels , but whilst the prison population in England and Wales doubled , in the Netherlands it more than halved .
between 1950 and 1975 both britain and holland had similar increases in crime levels , but [while] the prison population in england and wales doubled , in the netherlands it more than halved .

Instead , they have on the one hand embarked upon the biggest programme of prison building this century , whilst on the other searching for alternative punishments to prison .
instead , they have on the one hand embarked upon the biggest programme of prison building this century , [while] on the other searching for alternative punishments to prison .

The 1989 Audit Commission report on the probation service noted considerable variations in hours of attendance required at day centres , in breach of procedures for failure to attend the centres , in the frequency of visits offenders received whilst on probation and in unit costs .
the 1989 audit commission report on the probation service noted considerable variations in hours of attendance required at day centres , in breach of procedures for failure to attend the centres , in the frequency of visits offenders received [while] on probation and in unit costs .

Whilst Field does not emphasise an ethnic dimension to this underclass , it is clear that public fears are focused not on the elderly , sick or female , but on the young , especially young men — and particularly young black men .
[while] field does not emphasise an ethnic dimension to this underclass , it is clear that public fears are focused not on the elderly , sick or female , but on the young , especially young men — and particularly young black men .

This has been done by an emphasis on individualism , self-help , hard work and thrift , whilst at the same time there has been an attack on collectivism and socialism as repressive and unworldly values .
this has been done by an emphasis on individualism , self-help , hard work and thrift , [while] at the same time there has been an attack on collectivism and socialism as repressive and unworldly values .

Whilst the examples used come from civil law , we can see that the ideological grasp of those subject to criminal law is removed totally , because ‘ common sense ’ would not allow it a voice .
[while] the examples used come from civil law , we can see that the ideological grasp of those subject to criminal law is removed totally , because ‘ common sense ’ would not allow it a voice .

All three were sentenced to 25 years , although Martina Shanahan had served 200 days virtually of solitary confinement at Risley whilst on remand and was said to be losing her mind by the time the trial began .
all three were sentenced to 25 years , although martina shanahan had served 200 days virtually of solitary confinement at risley [while] on remand and was said to be losing her mind by the time the trial began .

Whilst the Charter can be regarded with suspicion because of its association with political pacts , and therefore a drift to centrist politics , it does nevertheless raise important issues about legislative reform .
[while] the charter can be regarded with suspicion because of its association with political pacts , and therefore a drift to centrist politics , it does nevertheless raise important issues about legislative reform .

Bus services are close by , whilst access to the ring road providing fast communications around Oxford is readily available , being just 1 mile distant .
bus services are close by , [while] access to the ring road providing fast communications around oxford is readily available , being just 1 mile distant .

Identification of errors and problems experienced by technical personnel whilst fault-finding .
identification of errors and problems experienced by technical personnel [while] fault-finding .

Tutorials provided the knowledge required to achieve subgoals ( eg a fault-finding strategy ) whilst simulated faults enabled trainees to practise one or more of the main goals .
tutorials provided the knowledge required to achieve subgoals ( eg a fault-finding strategy ) [while] simulated faults enabled trainees to practise one or more of the main goals .

Recession makes it even more essential to have properly trained staff and leaders who portray credit management as a necessary tool — and whilst on the subject of dictionary definitions , my dictionary defines ‘ profession ’ as an occupation requiring special training , whilst ‘ professional ’ is a person who engages in some activity also pursued by amateurs .
recession makes it even more essential to have properly trained staff and leaders who portray credit management as a necessary tool — and [while] on the subject of dictionary definitions , my dictionary defines ‘ profession ’ as an occupation requiring special training , [while] ‘ professional ’ is a person who engages in some activity also pursued by amateurs .

Whilst such systems are powerful tools for marketing analysis and direct marketing campaigns ( indeed , such profile codings have been shown to be highly predictive when incorporated into credit scorecards ) , the credit marketer should never lose sight of the fact that these are likely profiles and there will inevitably be a small proportion of targeted customers whose actual profiles display a disparity from the system profile .
[while] such systems are powerful tools for marketing analysis and direct marketing campaigns ( indeed , such profile codings have been shown to be highly predictive when incorporated into credit scorecards ) , the credit marketer should never lose sight of the fact that these are likely profiles and there will inevitably be a small proportion of targeted customers whose actual profiles display a disparity from the system profile .

The very recent emergence of such dual technique products is providing the credit marketer with a system which combines the strengths of lifestyle and geodemographic/financial direct marketing methods , whilst avoiding the potential pitfalls .
the very recent emergence of such dual technique products is providing the credit marketer with a system which combines the strengths of lifestyle and geodemographic/financial direct marketing methods , [while] avoiding the potential pitfalls .

Mr Rees elaborated : ‘ We are being expected to agree to an omnibus distribution method under which the monthly creditor might be repaid more quickly than the contract provides , whilst the weekly creditor is repaid by instalments only a fraction of those shown in the contract .
mr rees elaborated : ‘ we are being expected to agree to an omnibus distribution method under which the monthly creditor might be repaid more quickly than the contract provides , [while] the weekly creditor is repaid by instalments only a fraction of those shown in the contract .

He made the point that , whilst the mail order companies had lived with bad debt for years , for such as the building societies it was a new phenomenon .
he made the point that , [while] the mail order companies had lived with bad debt for years , for such as the building societies it was a new phenomenon .

Whilst coping with immediate problems , it was important to take the long-term view .
[while] coping with immediate problems , it was important to take the long-term view .

According to Leat and Gay : ‘ Payment for care schemes attempt to overcome the weaknesses of bureaucratically organised statutory care by buying in the strengths of care in the private domain whilst at the same time overcoming the weaknesses of informal sector care ’ .
according to leat and gay : ‘ payment for care schemes attempt to overcome the weaknesses of bureaucratically organised statutory care by buying in the strengths of care in the private domain [while] at the same time overcoming the weaknesses of informal sector care ’ .

Whilst dredging two steam winches on the deck are used to move her along on wire ropes the ends of which are attached to the canal banks .
[while] dredging two steam winches on the deck are used to move her along on wire ropes the ends of which are attached to the canal banks .

Spring snow supersedes powder for some skiers . Ian McGarry gives guidelines for getting the most out of it , whilst Tessa Coder urges us to relax our skilegs
spring snow supersedes powder for some skiers . ian mcgarry gives guidelines for getting the most out of it , [while] tessa coder urges us to relax our skilegs

Better skiers will enjoy the mogul slope ( 100m ) where one side offers gentle undulations whilst the other is more like jumping the waves on a Windsurfer .
better skiers will enjoy the mogul slope ( 100m ) where one side offers gentle undulations [while] the other is more like jumping the waves on a windsurfer .

Sarah was keen to catch her brother up but did n't really get involved in the sport until a few years later whilst studying at Nottingham University .
sarah was keen to catch her brother up but did n't really get involved in the sport until a few years later [while] studying at nottingham university .

ii ) Laid paper made by Fourdrinier machine is wove paper which has been embossed with a laid pattern whilst wet , this displaces the fibres and produces denser lines of pulp .
ii ) laid paper made by fourdrinier machine is wove paper which has been embossed with a laid pattern [while] wet , this displaces the fibres and produces denser lines of pulp .

Sheets made on a laid mould have a more subtle pattern within the sheet whilst machine laid sheets often feel raised to the fingers .
sheets made on a laid mould have a more subtle pattern within the sheet [while] machine laid sheets often feel raised to the fingers .

On machine-made paper the watermark is embossed into the sheet whilst it is still wet .
on machine-made paper the watermark is embossed into the sheet [while] it is still wet .

Try throwing away your paddles whilst surfing , paddling only on one side for 2km or filling the boat and trying to paddle .
try throwing away your paddles [while] surfing , paddling only on one side for 2km or filling the boat and trying to paddle .

On beginners ' courses we can have adults in four metre Europas alongside kids in Rotobats whilst the bigger kids soon move on to playboats and squirt boats .
on beginners ' courses we can have adults in four metre europas alongside kids in rotobats [while] the bigger kids soon move on to playboats and squirt boats .

If the hull is tilted to the right it will steer to the left whilst it will veer right for a leftward tilt .
if the hull is tilted to the right it will steer to the left [while] it will veer right for a leftward tilt .

By using the tilt it is possible for a white water race , for example , to steer down a rapid whilst still using powerful forward strokes rather than having to use slower sweep strokes .
by using the tilt it is possible for a white water race , for example , to steer down a rapid [while] still using powerful forward strokes rather than having to use slower sweep strokes .

In addition to this , the high price of housing on the market , together with high mortgage and interest rate puts first time buyers in an impossible position whilst the mounting toll of re-possessions is a disaster .
in addition to this , the high price of housing on the market , together with high mortgage and interest rate puts first time buyers in an impossible position [while] the mounting toll of re-possessions is a disaster .

This would demonstrate its commitment to achieving professional status whilst allowing enough time for membership to grow .
this would demonstrate its commitment to achieving professional status [while] allowing enough time for membership to grow .

Whilst the Electoral Register remains the most reliable means of confirming the name and address of a credit applicant , tens of thousands of names have disappeared from the Register in the last year .
[while] the electoral register remains the most reliable means of confirming the name and address of a credit applicant , tens of thousands of names have disappeared from the register in the last year .

Whilst this is true to a large extent ( short terms and good business practice , not hari-kari ) , a glance at the rather special history of Japan reveals interesting developments .
[while] this is true to a large extent ( short terms and good business practice , not hari-kari ) , a glance at the rather special history of japan reveals interesting developments .

For over 200 years , up to the middle of the nineteenth century , whilst the Industrial Revolution was in full swing in Europe and North America , Japan was in a state of almost total seclusion .
for over 200 years , up to the middle of the nineteenth century , [while] the industrial revolution was in full swing in europe and north america , japan was in a state of almost total seclusion .

Whilst in no way related , the stories of the pea and the pine serve to illustrate the many facets of plant introduction through the ages , reminding us of those thoughtful , artistic , practical and often intrepid individuals who were responsible for the plants which grace our parks and gardens today .
[while] in no way related , the stories of the pea and the pine serve to illustrate the many facets of plant introduction through the ages , reminding us of those thoughtful , artistic , practical and often intrepid individuals who were responsible for the plants which grace our parks and gardens today .

The matrix of gravel paths is kept weed-free by regular hoeing , whilst weeds in the paving are easily eradicated using the corner of an onion hoe or a knife .
the matrix of gravel paths is kept weed-free by regular hoeing , [while] weeds in the paving are easily eradicated using the corner of an onion hoe or a knife .

The majority are deterred by the garden 's high altitude and exposure to winds , whilst ladybirds or resident blue tits feeding their young devour the remainder .
the majority are deterred by the garden 's high altitude and exposure to winds , [while] ladybirds or resident blue tits feeding their young devour the remainder .

The roses ‘ Handel ’ and Rosa rugosa ‘ Alba ’ are particularly prone to black spot whilst ‘ Albertine ’ succumbs to powdery mildew into the bargain .
the roses ‘ handel ’ and rosa rugosa ‘ alba ’ are particularly prone to black spot [while] ‘ albertine ’ succumbs to powdery mildew into the bargain .

Lancaster and Neutrogena have a good choice in their ranges , whilst RoC 's Compact Facial Cleanser ( £10.25 ) and Christian Dior 's Equité Gentle Cleansing Bar ( £8.50 ) come packaged in their own travel-friendly dishes .
lancaster and neutrogena have a good choice in their ranges , [while] roc 's compact facial cleanser ( £10.25 ) and christian dior 's equité gentle cleansing bar ( £8.50 ) come packaged in their own travel-friendly dishes .

This is best laid out on the plates whilst the brains are being simmered .
this is best laid out on the plates [while] the brains are being simmered .

You now realise that you have accepted a secondary role and sacrificed too much , whilst three of the planets in Capricorn signify that , regardless of the consequences , you must break out .
you now realise that you have accepted a secondary role and sacrificed too much , [while] three of the planets in capricorn signify that , regardless of the consequences , you must break out .

Whilst these articles may make slight demands upon your mathematical skills , be assured that your indulgence will bring its own reward .
[while] these articles may make slight demands upon your mathematical skills , be assured that your indulgence will bring its own reward .

De Sede states that Sauniere came across ciphers written on parchment and concealed in a hollow , Visigothic altar pillar , whilst renovating the church at Rennes-le-Chateaux .
de sede states that sauniere came across ciphers written on parchment and concealed in a hollow , visigothic altar pillar , [while] renovating the church at rennes-le-chateaux .

Whilst all this was going on , back at the marquee all of the manufacturers and traders were preparing their stands . By the end of the day , many of them said that they had not talked to so many people since the last Newbury Rally !
[while] all this was going on , back at the marquee all of the manufacturers and traders were preparing their stands . by the end of the day , many of them said that they had not talked to so many people since the last newbury rally !

Owing to the perfect weather the tables were all taken outside and detector users sunbathed on the grass , whilst checking their tokens to see if their number was going to be chosen for a major prize .
owing to the perfect weather the tables were all taken outside and detector users sunbathed on the grass , [while] checking their tokens to see if their number was going to be chosen for a major prize .

The Department of Education and Science remains unwilling to declare its criteria for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined criteria , when one considers that British degrees are recognised irrespective of the class and subject in which they were taken , whilst a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .
the department of education and science remains unwilling to declare its criteria for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined criteria , when one considers that british degrees are recognised irrespective of the class and subject in which they were taken , [while] a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .

It is also necessary to carry out further work on the production of teaching materials , identifying specific gaps in existing resources , whilst drawing general lessons for syllabus design , teaching methods and materials which can possible be applied to various community languages .
it is also necessary to carry out further work on the production of teaching materials , identifying specific gaps in existing resources , [while] drawing general lessons for syllabus design , teaching methods and materials which can possible be applied to various community languages .

Whilst the class were actively engaged in carrying out the transactions the students went from pair to pair and helped out .
[while] the class were actively engaged in carrying out the transactions the students went from pair to pair and helped out .

Plenary sessions in the Conference had , one after the other , commented on the absence of any relevant courses at University Departments of Education , on the similar failure on the part of other institutions of higher education to develop qualifications which might secure recognition from the Council for National Academic Awards , and on the apparent unwillingness of the Department of Education and Science to recognise overseas qualifications whilst at the same time refusing to take a lead in a field which could be shown to be a priority area .
plenary sessions in the conference had , one after the other , commented on the absence of any relevant courses at university departments of education , on the similar failure on the part of other institutions of higher education to develop qualifications which might secure recognition from the council for national academic awards , and on the apparent unwillingness of the department of education and science to recognise overseas qualifications [while] at the same time refusing to take a lead in a field which could be shown to be a priority area .

the Dutch workplace is truly multilingual ; the workforce at Gebr , Meijer , for example , is already considered virtually bilingual in Dutch and German ( 70% understand German ; 20% speak it ) whilst 20% of all verbal communication on the shop floor is a mixture of languages where English forms approximately 20% of all dialogue — apparently because computer software is American .
the dutch workplace is truly multilingual ; the workforce at gebr , meijer , for example , is already considered virtually bilingual in dutch and german ( 70% understand german ; 20% speak it ) [while] 20% of all verbal communication on the shop floor is a mixture of languages where english forms approximately 20% of all dialogue — apparently because computer software is american .

2.5 Whilst the foregoing factors have created the need for more language teachers — teachers , moreover , who have been trained to cope with new challenges — the supply has been falling , to the point where they have been labelled in one study ‘ an endangered species ’ .
2.5 [while] the foregoing factors have created the need for more language teachers — teachers , moreover , who have been trained to cope with new challenges — the supply has been falling , to the point where they have been labelled in one study ‘ an endangered species ’ .

Whilst Hennessy was talking to the soldier outside , Donaldson found a light switch for three unshaded bulbs high in the rafters .
[while] hennessy was talking to the soldier outside , donaldson found a light switch for three unshaded bulbs high in the rafters .

In some ways Donaldson realised that it was he that was actually doing all the learning-Bobo was using a vocabulary that she 'd already acquired , whilst he was struggling to adapt himself to it .
in some ways donaldson realised that it was he that was actually doing all the learning-bobo was using a vocabulary that she 'd already acquired , [while] he was struggling to adapt himself to it .

No movement that he could see , with or without the aid of the binoculars — but then he did n't really know what he was looking for , whilst Windeler had seemed far more assured .
no movement that he could see , with or without the aid of the binoculars — but then he did n't really know what he was looking for , [while] windeler had seemed far more assured .

There were a few stunners , true , but they always moved out after their first year whilst the ungainly ones became permanent fixtures .
there were a few stunners , true , but they always moved out after their first year [while] the ungainly ones became permanent fixtures .

The discussion was general ; Jenny talked about her flying experiences whilst Billie reminisced about the warmth of her native Southern California .
the discussion was general ; jenny talked about her flying experiences [while] billie reminisced about the warmth of her native southern california .

It was in motion , a carousel of two-seater chairs that spun unbelievably fast whilst it bobbed up and down on its rollers .
it was in motion , a carousel of two-seater chairs that spun unbelievably fast [while] it bobbed up and down on its rollers .

The soldiers relaxed , laughing , whilst the hostages stood up and joined in the celebrations .
the soldiers relaxed , laughing , [while] the hostages stood up and joined in the celebrations .

This he unveiled with grinning blatancy whilst clasping his wife ostentatiously round the waist .
this he unveiled with grinning blatancy [while] clasping his wife ostentatiously round the waist .

These fugitives that are Negroes go by the name of Maroon , whilst the renegades to the King 's laws are called by the common sailors red legs ( that being the colour our white skins take on in the heat of the sun in these regions ) .
these fugitives that are negroes go by the name of maroon , [while] the renegades to the king 's laws are called by the common sailors red legs ( that being the colour our white skins take on in the heat of the sun in these regions ) .

Whilst under normal working there are no major disadvantages to a ‘ high-bay ’ system as compared with a more conventional operation , if something goes wrong the impact can be large .
[while] under normal working there are no major disadvantages to a ‘ high-bay ’ system as compared with a more conventional operation , if something goes wrong the impact can be large .

Some warehouses have one crane in each aisle whilst others with relatively low rates of throughput depend upon crane transfer mechanisms .
some warehouses have one crane in each aisle [while] others with relatively low rates of throughput depend upon crane transfer mechanisms .

Typical lengths are between 100 and 200 metres whilst widths vary quite widely according to the number of racks and cranes in the system .
typical lengths are between 100 and 200 metres [while] widths vary quite widely according to the number of racks and cranes in the system .

Whilst it may be possible for certain hoists and lifts to be provided with dual controls and to be relied upon to assist in the initial stages of smouldering fire or even the last stages of salvage and reinstatement , and whilst the provision of a portable extinguisher could be regarded as standard , the dangers involved in aligning the confines of a lift or cage to a developing fire in the only manner by which it could be used effectively are sufficiently great to warrant special mention when consideration is being given to emergency planning .
[while] it may be possible for certain hoists and lifts to be provided with dual controls and to be relied upon to assist in the initial stages of smouldering fire or even the last stages of salvage and reinstatement , and [while] the provision of a portable extinguisher could be regarded as standard , the dangers involved in aligning the confines of a lift or cage to a developing fire in the only manner by which it could be used effectively are sufficiently great to warrant special mention when consideration is being given to emergency planning .

Whilst in the case of certain types of racked goods in which continuous fuel surfaces do not exist , automatic roof venting may be considered to be less essential , in the extreme case it is of great importance .
[while] in the case of certain types of racked goods in which continuous fuel surfaces do not exist , automatic roof venting may be considered to be less essential , in the extreme case it is of great importance .

Whilst in the past some reliance has been placed on low melting point plastics and the thermal shock effects on asbestos cement sheeting to provide a degree of ventilation , consequential to a fire , experience indicates that such faith can be misplaced .
[while] in the past some reliance has been placed on low melting point plastics and the thermal shock effects on asbestos cement sheeting to provide a degree of ventilation , consequential to a fire , experience indicates that such faith can be misplaced .

The effectiveness of any measure of external fire fighting would be extremely limited whilst the external cladding of a building remains intact and in the case of the taller building even the range of turntable ladders or hydraulic platforms may be insufficient .
the effectiveness of any measure of external fire fighting would be extremely limited [while] the external cladding of a building remains intact and in the case of the taller building even the range of turntable ladders or hydraulic platforms may be insufficient .

However , the location of smoke detectors in racks , whilst providing an alarm , will be less effective in pin-pointing the exact location of the incident due to the vagaries of travel of smoke plumes from smouldering fires .
however , the location of smoke detectors in racks , [while] providing an alarm , will be less effective in pin-pointing the exact location of the incident due to the vagaries of travel of smoke plumes from smouldering fires .

Whilst automatically operated high-bay warehouses tend to be designed to exclude personnel when in operation , special precautions have to be taken to ensure that unauthorized personnel do not gain access , notably with man-rider operated equipment .
[while] automatically operated high-bay warehouses tend to be designed to exclude personnel when in operation , special precautions have to be taken to ensure that unauthorized personnel do not gain access , notably with man-rider operated equipment .

Whilst most packages do now support PostScript there now versions of PostScript other than that created by Adobe !
[while] most packages do now support postscript there now versions of postscript other than that created by adobe !

Whilst this may be ‘ wrong ’ according to the traditional school it costs nothing apart from time and quickly reveals both what does and does n't work in terms of presentation .
[while] this may be ‘ wrong ’ according to the traditional school it costs nothing apart from time and quickly reveals both what does and does n't work in terms of presentation .

Sadly this is only really possible in PageMaker as Ventura 's rulers are defined and whilst you can set up vertical grids in XPress you ca n't change them once defined .
sadly this is only really possible in pagemaker as ventura 's rulers are defined and [while] you can set up vertical grids in xpress you ca n't change them once defined .

Once again they were relatively complex to use and whilst smaller and faster still restricted the user to a few faces and sizes at any one time .
once again they were relatively complex to use and [while] smaller and faster still restricted the user to a few faces and sizes at any one time .

Whilst a master outline of the character existed at the typesetter manufacturer or type foundry each font was compiled and tailored to suit the target system — generally at great expense .
[while] a master outline of the character existed at the typesetter manufacturer or type foundry each font was compiled and tailored to suit the target system — generally at great expense .

Some programs maintain the aspect ratio between width and height whilst scaling , thereby avoiding distortion .
some programs maintain the aspect ratio between width and height [while] scaling , thereby avoiding distortion .

Whilst these can be printed out on a page printer they are only really of any use if they are created on a Linotronic 300 as films rather than as bromide .
[while] these can be printed out on a page printer they are only really of any use if they are created on a linotronic 300 as films rather than as bromide .

Whilst a high degree of integration is possible within the InteSoft series external integration is rather more limited .
[while] a high degree of integration is possible within the intesoft series external integration is rather more limited .

Whilst this may be attractive for the marketing companies it is of very little help to the consumer .
[while] this may be attractive for the marketing companies it is of very little help to the consumer .

Whilst being unsophisticated in terms of typography it does allow you to create documents which contain ‘ live ’ spreadsheets .
[while] being unsophisticated in terms of typography it does allow you to create documents which contain ‘ live ’ spreadsheets .

Whilst the typewriter is still the dominant method of putting words onto paper the ubiquitous word processor marches inexorably onward and by the time this decade ends the majority of published material will at least be electronically created .
[while] the typewriter is still the dominant method of putting words onto paper the ubiquitous word processor marches inexorably onward and by the time this decade ends the majority of published material will at least be electronically created .

Whilst Ventura 's tags support all these features and more , those provided with Version 3.0 of PageMaker are simpler and , as a direct result , likely to get more use .
[while] ventura 's tags support all these features and more , those provided with version 3.0 of pagemaker are simpler and , as a direct result , likely to get more use .

Whilst running text round graphics has always been possible , although labour intensive , Version 3.0 provides one of the neatest systems yet implemented on any package .
[while] running text round graphics has always been possible , although labour intensive , version 3.0 provides one of the neatest systems yet implemented on any package .

Whilst these are small adjustments , Aldus have changed their tack on two other fronts as well .
[while] these are small adjustments , aldus have changed their tack on two other fronts as well .

Whilst many of the PC-based packages can accept MacPaint files , the reverse connection is rarely possible .
[while] many of the pc-based packages can accept macpaint files , the reverse connection is rarely possible .

The only other low-cost option is to take a colour photograph of the screen and whilst this might suffice for business charts it certainly wo n't be accurate enough for a designer or architect .
the only other low-cost option is to take a colour photograph of the screen and [while] this might suffice for business charts it certainly wo n't be accurate enough for a designer or architect .

Whilst all the furore has been taking place about the quality , or otherwise , of desktop publishing many professional graphics , printing and publishing houses have been making up their own minds as to its usefulness .
[while] all the furore has been taking place about the quality , or otherwise , of desktop publishing many professional graphics , printing and publishing houses have been making up their own minds as to its usefulness .

Whilst they can probably get away with spot colour separations , and indeed many of them produce excellent spot separated material , the world now seems to expect that process colour separation will follow just as easily .
[while] they can probably get away with spot colour separations , and indeed many of them produce excellent spot separated material , the world now seems to expect that process colour separation will follow just as easily .

Whilst these may be significantly cheaper in terms of cost and so written off as mere toys they are often far more capable of producing simple documents than they are given credit for .
[while] these may be significantly cheaper in terms of cost and so written off as mere toys they are often far more capable of producing simple documents than they are given credit for .

However , they are very , very slow in operation and , whilst interesting novelties , are difficult to take seriously .
however , they are very , very slow in operation and , [while] interesting novelties , are difficult to take seriously .

Whilst desktop publishing at the low-end of the market may appear to be a careful juggling match between cost and quality of output , as indeed it is , the real determining factor about the suitability of the products is whether they actually provide some benefit that could not be achieved by other means .
[while] desktop publishing at the low-end of the market may appear to be a careful juggling match between cost and quality of output , as indeed it is , the real determining factor about the suitability of the products is whether they actually provide some benefit that could not be achieved by other means .

Whilst TechDoc is certainly one of the older and more established of these compartments it is undergoing rapid change as the vendors break away from the dedicated hardware platforms of their recent past .
[while] techdoc is certainly one of the older and more established of these compartments it is undergoing rapid change as the vendors break away from the dedicated hardware platforms of their recent past .

Whilst VisiCalc has all but disappeared from the scene it once set there are a host of new and vigorous contenders for the crown .
[while] visicalc has all but disappeared from the scene it once set there are a host of new and vigorous contenders for the crown .

Whilst desktop publishing software has the power to manipulate text and graphics created using conventional business software it is , thankfully , totally incapable of controlling the presentation and style without some degree of human intervention .
[while] desktop publishing software has the power to manipulate text and graphics created using conventional business software it is , thankfully , totally incapable of controlling the presentation and style without some degree of human intervention .

Rules themselves may conflict with one another , and sabotage may break one ( usually formal ) rule whilst fulfilling some other informal expectation .
rules themselves may conflict with one another , and sabotage may break one ( usually formal ) rule [while] fulfilling some other informal expectation .

In general , at the bottom end of the management hierarchy , authority must be exercised with more coercion whilst at the top end of the hierarchy , authority is more discreet and immediate subordinates more self-motivated .
in general , at the bottom end of the management hierarchy , authority must be exercised with more coercion [while] at the top end of the hierarchy , authority is more discreet and immediate subordinates more self-motivated .

If , instead of ‘ piecework ’ , the men contracted to get the harvest in by the end of a month , it meant that should they finish before that time they could then go to other jobs on the farm , drawing their usual wage whilst doing so .
if , instead of ‘ piecework ’ , the men contracted to get the harvest in by the end of a month , it meant that should they finish before that time they could then go to other jobs on the farm , drawing their usual wage [while] doing so .

Whilst service industries are parasitical in nature , neither they nor the prime industries could function efficiently without the other .
[while] service industries are parasitical in nature , neither they nor the prime industries could function efficiently without the other .

Too often jobs have been available and unfilled whilst social support is being paid to an immobile work force .
too often jobs have been available and unfilled [while] social support is being paid to an immobile work force .

Whilst oil barons may be prepared to suffer this while oil is in relatively short supply , they will probably adopt a different attitude if demand falls , and this could come about in many ways — perhaps by substantial on-shore reserves being discovered elsewhere in the world .
[while] oil barons may be prepared to suffer this while oil is in relatively short supply , they will probably adopt a different attitude if demand falls , and this could come about in many ways — perhaps by substantial on-shore reserves being discovered elsewhere in the world .

Whilst the cost of unemployment in terms of human misery and risk of social unrest must be considerable , the attempt to seek a remedy must not be looked at as merely a social gesture .
[while] the cost of unemployment in terms of human misery and risk of social unrest must be considerable , the attempt to seek a remedy must not be looked at as merely a social gesture .

When the Catholic hierarchy was restored in 1850 Shrewsbury , whilst defending the restoration in public and denouncing the Catholic peers who distanced themselves from it , felt that the triumphalist attitude of Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman [ q.v . ]
when the catholic hierarchy was restored in 1850 shrewsbury , [while] defending the restoration in public and denouncing the catholic peers who distanced themselves from it , felt that the triumphalist attitude of cardinal nicholas wiseman [ q.v . ]

George , who had two sisters and a brother , attended a private day-school in Eltham and at the age of thirteen entered the Royal Arsenal , where he continued his basic education whilst gaining valuable practical experience .
george , who had two sisters and a brother , attended a private day-school in eltham and at the age of thirteen entered the royal arsenal , where he continued his basic education [while] gaining valuable practical experience .

Whilst with Tangye Ltd. he had been responsible for machinery used by the Saltburn , North Yorkshire cliff railway .
[while] with tangye ltd. he had been responsible for machinery used by the saltburn , north yorkshire cliff railway .

He died at his home in Surbiton , Surrey , 7 November 1912 , whilst still in office .
he died at his home in surbiton , surrey , 7 november 1912 , [while] still in office .

He died 13 February 1950 whilst on holiday in Adelboden , a ski resort in Switzerland .
he died 13 february 1950 [while] on holiday in adelboden , a ski resort in switzerland .

Whilst with the North London Railway he persuaded its directors to provide suitable accommodation for concerts and evening classes at the Bow and Bromley Institute .
[while] with the north london railway he persuaded its directors to provide suitable accommodation for concerts and evening classes at the bow and bromley institute .

The attempt has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project whilst still discharging Elias 's functions as steward and administrator elsewhere .
the attempt has failed , through scepticism that one man could have supervised such a major project [while] still discharging elias 's functions as steward and administrator elsewhere .

Whilst resident at Croydon , where he died 28 December 1873 , Harris published two poems , ‘ Lines on the Royal Masonic Benevolent Institution ’ , sold in aid of the Freemasons ' Life Boat Fund in 1871 , and ‘ Lines on the Fiftieth Anniversary of the Wedding Day of John and Mary Harris ’ ( 1870 ) .
[while] resident at croydon , where he died 28 december 1873 , harris published two poems , ‘ lines on the royal masonic benevolent institution ’ , sold in aid of the freemasons ' life boat fund in 1871 , and ‘ lines on the fiftieth anniversary of the wedding day of john and mary harris ’ ( 1870 ) .

, he had gained a reputation for parsimony whilst marshal of the household .
, he had gained a reputation for parsimony [while] marshal of the household .

Whilst some very local cult developed quickly , it spread only in the mid-fifteenth century , from which time come all the extant depictions of him ( complete with diabolical captive ) , in groups from Norfolk ( Cawston , Suffield , Gateley ) , Suffolk ( St Gregory 's , Sudbury , and possibly Bury St Edmunds Abbey ) and Devon ( Hennock , Alphington , and Wolborough ) ; two texts of a lengthy invocation to him ; and the prosecution ( in 1448 ) of the then vicar of North Marston for counterfeiting his head from an exhumed skull .
[while] some very local cult developed quickly , it spread only in the mid-fifteenth century , from which time come all the extant depictions of him ( complete with diabolical captive ) , in groups from norfolk ( cawston , suffield , gateley ) , suffolk ( st gregory 's , sudbury , and possibly bury st edmunds abbey ) and devon ( hennock , alphington , and wolborough ) ; two texts of a lengthy invocation to him ; and the prosecution ( in 1448 ) of the then vicar of north marston for counterfeiting his head from an exhumed skull .

She arranged with the servant of a local hermit to bring horses early one morning whilst her parents were away , and , dressed in man 's garb , she escaped on horseback , riding thirty miles to Flamstead , where she took refuge with Alfwen , a recluse .
she arranged with the servant of a local hermit to bring horses early one morning [while] her parents were away , and , dressed in man 's garb , she escaped on horseback , riding thirty miles to flamstead , where she took refuge with alfwen , a recluse .

Some , including the eldest , Robert , were to be famous for recusancy , whilst others , like Clement , were convinced Puritans ; Nicholas [ q.v . ]
some , including the eldest , robert , were to be famous for recusancy , [while] others , like clement , were convinced puritans ; nicholas [ q.v . ]

Whilst in Berlin he witnessed the uncertain beginnings of German parliamentary democracy in the Weimar republic .
[while] in berlin he witnessed the uncertain beginnings of german parliamentary democracy in the weimar republic .

Whilst in Jungipoor in 1858 he realized that taking and recording fingerprints could prevent impersonation .
[while] in jungipoor in 1858 he realized that taking and recording fingerprints could prevent impersonation .

An efficient but gentle administrator , with a particular sympathy and concern for the least important , he let people make their own decisions whilst watching from the background .
an efficient but gentle administrator , with a particular sympathy and concern for the least important , he let people make their own decisions [while] watching from the background .

Whilst a strong advocate of improving the steam locomotive to the maximum degree possible , Gresley also tested diesel locomotives and railcars and realized that the future for main-line railway operation lay with electric traction when capital resources were available .
[while] a strong advocate of improving the steam locomotive to the maximum degree possible , gresley also tested diesel locomotives and railcars and realized that the future for main-line railway operation lay with electric traction when capital resources were available .

Whilst at Penn 's he designed a high-speed steam engine which had all its working parts totally enclosed and splash-lubricated , a radical departure from contemporary practice .
[while] at penn 's he designed a high-speed steam engine which had all its working parts totally enclosed and splash-lubricated , a radical departure from contemporary practice .

He died 23 May 1892 at his home in Frimley , Surrey , after being thrown from his dog-cart whilst driving to Brookwood station .
he died 23 may 1892 at his home in frimley , surrey , after being thrown from his dog-cart [while] driving to brookwood station .

Morrice continued that tradition : in the Entring Book he deplored the opposing zealots , the ‘ hierarchists ’ and ‘ fanatics ’ , whilst applauding the ‘ sober churchmen ’ and ‘ old Puritans ’ .
morrice continued that tradition : in the entring book he deplored the opposing zealots , the ‘ hierarchists ’ and ‘ fanatics ’ , [while] applauding the ‘ sober churchmen ’ and ‘ old puritans ’ .

Whilst he was a firm disciplinarian he had the reputation of being scrupulously fair in dealing with his men , by whom he was much respected .
[while] he was a firm disciplinarian he had the reputation of being scrupulously fair in dealing with his men , by whom he was much respected .

Whilst at sea he began to read widely , but necessarily unsystematically .
[while] at sea he began to read widely , but necessarily unsystematically .

In 1867 , whilst excavating in the ancient theatre at Ephesus , he found an inscription in Greek referring to some gold and silver statuettes , which , on festive days , were carried from the temple to the theatre by way of the Magnesian Gate .
in 1867 , [while] excavating in the ancient theatre at ephesus , he found an inscription in greek referring to some gold and silver statuettes , which , on festive days , were carried from the temple to the theatre by way of the magnesian gate .

Peyton , however , vacillated , being unsure of support , and Monmouth was defeated in the west whilst Peyton was still holding meetings .
peyton , however , vacillated , being unsure of support , and monmouth was defeated in the west [while] peyton was still holding meetings .

She died whilst living with her granddaughter in Rhode Island in 1840 .
she died [while] living with her granddaughter in rhode island in 1840 .

In 1867 he became minister to the Borough New synagogue , south London , a post which he combined with a variety of Jewish and non-Jewish charitable and philanthropic endeavours , whilst busying himself also as a prison visitor .
in 1867 he became minister to the borough new synagogue , south london , a post which he combined with a variety of jewish and non-jewish charitable and philanthropic endeavours , [while] busying himself also as a prison visitor .

Whilst it has been assumed that these charges were fabricated by Musgrave ( and perhaps by Thomas Cromwell , q.v . )
[while] it has been assumed that these charges were fabricated by musgrave ( and perhaps by thomas cromwell , q.v . )

Licensed to preach whilst in Edinburgh , he was ordained by 1727 , and began his ministry as an assistant to his father , at the time minister of the Presbyterian meeting-house at Leather Lane , Hatton Garden , London .
licensed to preach [while] in edinburgh , he was ordained by 1727 , and began his ministry as an assistant to his father , at the time minister of the presbyterian meeting-house at leather lane , hatton garden , london .

They decided to offer an alternative which , whilst concerned with collective efforts to improve social and economic conditions , would provide an education offering a real sense of achievement within an alternative curriculum linking local concerns with wider social and economic issues , hoping to provide an educational arm for the working class .
they decided to offer an alternative which , [while] concerned with collective efforts to improve social and economic conditions , would provide an education offering a real sense of achievement within an alternative curriculum linking local concerns with wider social and economic issues , hoping to provide an educational arm for the working class .

that too much concentration on meeting articulated needs in an unimaginative and uncritical manner can result in a community education programme which , whilst reaching a section of the population never catered for before , in fact assists individual advancement but does little to assist collective advancement towards solutions to the problems of poverty and inequality found in working-class communities .
that too much concentration on meeting articulated needs in an unimaginative and uncritical manner can result in a community education programme which , [while] reaching a section of the population never catered for before , in fact assists individual advancement but does little to assist collective advancement towards solutions to the problems of poverty and inequality found in working-class communities .

And whilst this massive imbalance has an enormous amount to do with international capitalism , imperialism , racism and militarism , it is also embedded in the historical development of patriarchy which precedes all other oppressions , post-dates fascist , socialist and communist revolutions and seems to recognise no boundaries when it comes to cultural , regional and racial differences .
and [while] this massive imbalance has an enormous amount to do with international capitalism , imperialism , racism and militarism , it is also embedded in the historical development of patriarchy which precedes all other oppressions , post-dates fascist , socialist and communist revolutions and seems to recognise no boundaries when it comes to cultural , regional and racial differences .

Women 's response to poverty and unemployment remains an enigma , and whilst the inequality which leads to civil war between men on the streets is called a riot , the battles at home between unequals , in which the less powerful are also the losers , is dismissed as ‘ domestic violence ’ .
women 's response to poverty and unemployment remains an enigma , and [while] the inequality which leads to civil war between men on the streets is called a riot , the battles at home between unequals , in which the less powerful are also the losers , is dismissed as ‘ domestic violence ’ .

In circumstances in which the opinion leaders and policy-makers in adult education have responded to the women 's movement at all , it has been to co-opt feminism into their platitudes , whilst at the same time seeking to deflect and defeat the radical intention of women 's liberation as it might be applied in adult education and society generally .
in circumstances in which the opinion leaders and policy-makers in adult education have responded to the women 's movement at all , it has been to co-opt feminism into their platitudes , [while] at the same time seeking to deflect and defeat the radical intention of women 's liberation as it might be applied in adult education and society generally .

The best thing that can be said of them is that their contact with women is slight , the numbers who participate regularly are few , and whilst this reinforces the commonsense definition of poverty as being a result of apathy , it protects those who escape from the prescriptions of unperceptive need-meeters and from yet more management by misguided missionaries .
the best thing that can be said of them is that their contact with women is slight , the numbers who participate regularly are few , and [while] this reinforces the commonsense definition of poverty as being a result of apathy , it protects those who escape from the prescriptions of unperceptive need-meeters and from yet more management by misguided missionaries .

Workshops , day schools , short and more intensive courses about women 's literature and history and psychology and health , for example , have become a feature of every self-respecting liberal studies programme ; whilst courses in self-defence , assertiveness training , women 's sexuality , welfare rights , peace studies and feminist politics have helped to reconstitute what is usually defined as a relevant curriculum for women .
workshops , day schools , short and more intensive courses about women 's literature and history and psychology and health , for example , have become a feature of every self-respecting liberal studies programme ; [while] courses in self-defence , assertiveness training , women 's sexuality , welfare rights , peace studies and feminist politics have helped to reconstitute what is usually defined as a relevant curriculum for women .

Whilst such experimentation in community education may be small-scale it does provide the opportunity for adult education to demonstrate in microcosm the potential for change that inheres within the adult education framework , given the right political context .
[while] such experimentation in community education may be small-scale it does provide the opportunity for adult education to demonstrate in microcosm the potential for change that inheres within the adult education framework , given the right political context .

All that need be noted here is that , whilst none of these approaches is unproblematic , it is within the latter two perspectives that radical adult educators will find the most potential for development .
all that need be noted here is that , [while] none of these approaches is unproblematic , it is within the latter two perspectives that radical adult educators will find the most potential for development .

Although liability for affray is excluded where the threats are by words alone , it would be a somewhat unusual altercation in which both participants stood stock still whilst uttering their imprecations and threats .
although liability for affray is excluded where the threats are by words alone , it would be a somewhat unusual altercation in which both participants stood stock still [while] uttering their imprecations and threats .

Media coverage in the television age ensures that public attention is captured whilst slogans are shouted and wrongs exposed .
media coverage in the television age ensures that public attention is captured [while] slogans are shouted and wrongs exposed .

It is open to the senior police officer present to impose conditions under this section whilst the march is in process , and on the same grounds as those on which he may act in advance .
it is open to the senior police officer present to impose conditions under this section [while] the march is in process , and on the same grounds as those on which he may act in advance .

Winnick and Daniel ( 1970 ) showed that , whilst tachistoscopic recognition of a printed word was facilitated by prior reading aloud of that word , there was no facilitation by prior picture naming , or by prior production of that word in response to a definition-tasks ( c ) and ( d ) above .
winnick and daniel ( 1970 ) showed that , [while] tachistoscopic recognition of a printed word was facilitated by prior reading aloud of that word , there was no facilitation by prior picture naming , or by prior production of that word in response to a definition-tasks ( c ) and ( d ) above .

If word detectors inhibit each other , a backward mask which is a word will inhibit the word detector for a target , whilst a non-word mask will not .
if word detectors inhibit each other , a backward mask which is a word will inhibit the word detector for a target , [while] a non-word mask will not .

It was recognised , for example , that in some people with an acquired disorder of language , it was only the production of language that was impaired , with language perception and comprehension still normal , whilst the opposite pattern ( impaired perception or comprehension with intact production ) could be seen in other patients .
it was recognised , for example , that in some people with an acquired disorder of language , it was only the production of language that was impaired , with language perception and comprehension still normal , [while] the opposite pattern ( impaired perception or comprehension with intact production ) could be seen in other patients .

the production of spoken language ) can be impaired whilst other sub-abilities involved in language ( e.g .
the production of spoken language ) can be impaired [while] other sub-abilities involved in language ( e.g .

If the reading system does include these two separate processing components , it might be possible that neurological damage could impair one component whilst leaving the other intact , to produce a specific pattern of acquired dyslexia .
if the reading system does include these two separate processing components , it might be possible that neurological damage could impair one component [while] leaving the other intact , to produce a specific pattern of acquired dyslexia .

Suppose the lexical procedure had been damaged whilst the non-lexical procedure remained intact .
suppose the lexical procedure had been damaged [while] the non-lexical procedure remained intact .

In phonological dysgraphia , the spelling of real words is preserved whilst the spelling of non-words is impaired .
in phonological dysgraphia , the spelling of real words is preserved [while] the spelling of non-words is impaired .

Hence , we have the attempts by both the law and professional pronouncement to standardize , but to standardize whilst retaining some flexibility .
hence , we have the attempts by both the law and professional pronouncement to standardize , but to standardize [while] retaining some flexibility .

The processes include interactions amongst soil materials , water and gravity or the mobilization , translocation and redeposition of materials by water flow and mass movements , whilst the responses are identifiable physical and morphological properties of the soil and also of surface morphology .
the processes include interactions amongst soil materials , water and gravity or the mobilization , translocation and redeposition of materials by water flow and mass movements , [while] the responses are identifiable physical and morphological properties of the soil and also of surface morphology .

Thus , whilst we shall discuss the structures of local government we need to be aware that local government exists at different levels , i.e .
thus , [while] we shall discuss the structures of local government we need to be aware that local government exists at different levels , i.e .

Argyris ( 1957 ) suggests that whilst the individual may seek to actualise or achieve his or her full potential the organisation does not always allow this to happen .
argyris ( 1957 ) suggests that [while] the individual may seek to actualise or achieve his or her full potential the organisation does not always allow this to happen .

because of the isolation of the various departments whilst preparing the budgets , there was little co-ordination , and little prioritisation of bids for new expenditure , and no attempt to assess the overall impact of the individual estimates of the departments .
because of the isolation of the various departments [while] preparing the budgets , there was little co-ordination , and little prioritisation of bids for new expenditure , and no attempt to assess the overall impact of the individual estimates of the departments .

As advanced amateur gardeners , they would , whilst they waited , offer unsolicited advice on the station gardens , tended lovingly by an abundant uniformed staff with little to do between the rush hours .
as advanced amateur gardeners , they would , [while] they waited , offer unsolicited advice on the station gardens , tended lovingly by an abundant uniformed staff with little to do between the rush hours .

However , whilst noting that view , we are primarily concerned with the passage of legal problems through to lawyers and the reasons why that passage may become obstructed .
however , [while] noting that view , we are primarily concerned with the passage of legal problems through to lawyers and the reasons why that passage may become obstructed .

Whilst assistance with cost and redeployment of lawyers is part of the answer to the failure of many people to use lawyers , they are clearly hot the whole answer .
[while] assistance with cost and redeployment of lawyers is part of the answer to the failure of many people to use lawyers , they are clearly hot the whole answer .

What are the factors which influence the choice of a particular agency ? Whilst there may be circumstances which influence individuals in their selection of an adviser , it seems likely that the crucial factors are availability , cost and reputation .
what are the factors which influence the choice of a particular agency ? [while] there may be circumstances which influence individuals in their selection of an adviser , it seems likely that the crucial factors are availability , cost and reputation .

Whilst their representatives might wish to see a general extension of legal services in the public sector , they would not wish the value of their own legal services to members to diminish .
[while] their representatives might wish to see a general extension of legal services in the public sector , they would not wish the value of their own legal services to members to diminish .

Whilst the new provisions appeared to create a very wide power to use the scheme for representation in all manner of courts , tribunals or statutory inquiries , the detailed implementation of the section was left to regulations to be made by the Lord Chancellor , whose approach has been cautious .
[while] the new provisions appeared to create a very wide power to use the scheme for representation in all manner of courts , tribunals or statutory inquiries , the detailed implementation of the section was left to regulations to be made by the lord chancellor , whose approach has been cautious .

Whilst it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be disclosed in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be identified and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to conceal what they know .
[while] it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be disclosed in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be identified and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to conceal what they know .

The conduct of the case would then be the responsibility of the co-ordinating solicitor , whilst the solicitor first approached by the client would deal with the client on a day-to-day basis .
the conduct of the case would then be the responsibility of the co-ordinating solicitor , [while] the solicitor first approached by the client would deal with the client on a day-to-day basis .

Courts would be involved in pre-trial procedure much more actively than at present in attempting to keep the parties to proposed new timetables , whilst allowing for a realistic degree of relaxation by the court , and permitting the parties to vary particular time limits by agreement , subject always to the obligation to have the case ready for trial and set down within the overall timetable .
courts would be involved in pre-trial procedure much more actively than at present in attempting to keep the parties to proposed new timetables , [while] allowing for a realistic degree of relaxation by the court , and permitting the parties to vary particular time limits by agreement , subject always to the obligation to have the case ready for trial and set down within the overall timetable .

Since the plaintiff is a prime contributor , it must be realised that whilst it is important to utilise what advantages are possessed , there is considerable pressure on him or her as well .
since the plaintiff is a prime contributor , it must be realised that [while] it is important to utilise what advantages are possessed , there is considerable pressure on him or her as well .

Whilst there may still be a feeling that a High Court writ will have a greater threatening effect on a recalcitrant defendant than a county court summons , inducing him or her to settle the claim , the changes to the costs rules , and the harmonisation of remedies , will lessen the attractiveness of such action .
[while] there may still be a feeling that a high court writ will have a greater threatening effect on a recalcitrant defendant than a county court summons , inducing him or her to settle the claim , the changes to the costs rules , and the harmonisation of remedies , will lessen the attractiveness of such action .

Applebey concluded that , whilst useful to lawyers , the pre-trial review in the county court civil action has not been of enormous assistance to the ordinary person trying to conduct his or her own case .
applebey concluded that , [while] useful to lawyers , the pre-trial review in the county court civil action has not been of enormous assistance to the ordinary person trying to conduct his or her own case .

Whilst this change has not yet been made , the £500 limit is now calculated without reference to any sum claimed or amount involved in a counterclaim .
[while] this change has not yet been made , the £500 limit is now calculated without reference to any sum claimed or amount involved in a counterclaim .

Whilst the factual study produced considerable valuable information , there are gaps and some errors in methodology which mean that its conclusions can not be relied on exclusively in an assessment of the present procedure .
[while] the factual study produced considerable valuable information , there are gaps and some errors in methodology which mean that its conclusions can not be relied on exclusively in an assessment of the present procedure .

Whilst this suggests that a large number of people make use of the procedure , the recent research figures reveal that it is not only private citizens , but also ‘ large organisations ’ and other ‘ small litigants , ’ who make extensive use of the procedure .
[while] this suggests that a large number of people make use of the procedure , the recent research figures reveal that it is not only private citizens , but also ‘ large organisations ’ and other ‘ small litigants , ’ who make extensive use of the procedure .

Whilst the Civil Justice Review , as its recommendations are introduced , will produce considerable changes to the current High Court procedure in an effort to reduce delay , cost and complexity , the current procedure nevertheless provides an insight to what happens to civil actions prior to trial .
[while] the civil justice review , as its recommendations are introduced , will produce considerable changes to the current high court procedure in an effort to reduce delay , cost and complexity , the current procedure nevertheless provides an insight to what happens to civil actions prior to trial .

They sat in his room whilst the wind whistled about the eaves of the Manse , and listened to him in silence .
they sat in his room [while] the wind whistled about the eaves of the manse , and listened to him in silence .

Several animals of various sizes were roasting entire on slow-spinning spits , basted by anxious boys , whilst a stream of young people ferried foodstuffs from the pantries to the Great Hall above until the trestles set up there creaked under their load .
several animals of various sizes were roasting entire on slow-spinning spits , basted by anxious boys , [while] a stream of young people ferried foodstuffs from the pantries to the great hall above until the trestles set up there creaked under their load .

Ratagan relieved her of one of them whilst she looked on with an eyebrow arched .
ratagan relieved her of one of them [while] she looked on with an eyebrow arched .

Ratagan and Murtach were close by whilst Isay was at his side , as usual .
ratagan and murtach were close by [while] isay was at his side , as usual .

He gripped a pair of reins in his hand and behind him a blaze-faced chestnut nosed at the cobbles , whilst the two wolves sat by his feet .
he gripped a pair of reins in his hand and behind him a blaze-faced chestnut nosed at the cobbles , [while] the two wolves sat by his feet .

Behind they heard the death screams of the abandoned mules , and their steeds accelerated even more whilst the grey ghosts of Murtach 's wolves darted beside them at an impossible speed .
behind they heard the death screams of the abandoned mules , and their steeds accelerated even more [while] the grey ghosts of murtach 's wolves darted beside them at an impossible speed .

Riven hung on to his mount 's bridle grimly whilst it bucked and reared in a desperate effort to get away .
riven hung on to his mount 's bridle grimly [while] it bucked and reared in a desperate effort to get away .

They laboured inside , trailing their horses by the reins , half of them fighting a ferocious rearguard battle whilst the grypesh massed within the gate and strove to win through to the courtyard beyond .
they laboured inside , trailing their horses by the reins , half of them fighting a ferocious rearguard battle [while] the grypesh massed within the gate and strove to win through to the courtyard beyond .

The horses were free in the courtyard now , cantering about in terror whilst Ivrigar 's people tried to control them .
the horses were free in the courtyard now , cantering about in terror [while] ivrigar 's people tried to control them .

The grypesh were clawing over their own dead to get through the gate whilst swords and staves and Ratagan 's axe took a fearful toll .
the grypesh were clawing over their own dead to get through the gate [while] swords and staves and ratagan 's axe took a fearful toll .

Hold the leaders hostage in the hall whilst the larger force punch their way through the defences to take the Rorim from its leaderless and probably drunk defenders .
hold the leaders hostage in the hall [while] the larger force punch their way through the defences to take the rorim from its leaderless and probably drunk defenders .

Ratagan set himself to starting a fire whilst the rest rubbed down the horses and searched for firewood .
ratagan set himself to starting a fire [while] the rest rubbed down the horses and searched for firewood .

Riven occupied himself with trying to tie up what remained of his boot and leggings , whilst Luib and Rimir produced tarpaulins of waxed cloth from the packs and began constructing a crude lean-to to keep the snow from them .
riven occupied himself with trying to tie up what remained of his boot and leggings , [while] luib and rimir produced tarpaulins of waxed cloth from the packs and began constructing a crude lean-to to keep the snow from them .

They spread their bedrolls whilst Ratagan and Isay prepared food for the company .
they spread their bedrolls [while] ratagan and isay prepared food for the company .

Ratagan and Luib took first watch , whilst the rest lay and listened to the wind , felt it tugging at the tarpaulin .
ratagan and luib took first watch , [while] the rest lay and listened to the wind , felt it tugging at the tarpaulin .

Darmid and Corrary sweated there too , whilst a grey-bearded , scrawny riverman criticised their poling .
darmid and corrary sweated there too , [while] a grey-bearded , scrawny riverman criticised their poling .

’ Two figures bent and picked up Madra , and half carried , half dragged her away whilst the rest fought a running battle with the maddened grypesh .
’ two figures bent and picked up madra , and half carried , half dragged her away [while] the rest fought a running battle with the maddened grypesh .

They swarmed like lice over the camp , and there was a battle being waged at the boat which men were trying to push out of the shallows whilst others held off the beasts .
they swarmed like lice over the camp , and there was a battle being waged at the boat which men were trying to push out of the shallows [while] others held off the beasts .

Riven sat beside her and took her hand whilst Finnan introduced the company and told Phrynius something of what had befallen them .
riven sat beside her and took her hand [while] finnan introduced the company and told phrynius something of what had befallen them .

The newcomers spread out across the floor of the tavern , whilst customers dodged hurriedly out of their way .
the newcomers spread out across the floor of the tavern , [while] customers dodged hurriedly out of their way .

Thus , whilst the similarity of the inert-gas graph for meteorites to those of the planets in Figure 5.2 certainly supports the view that those inert gases were acquired during accretion , it remains possible that the dominant volatiles were acquired by the capture of volatile-rich bodies after accretion .
thus , [while] the similarity of the inert-gas graph for meteorites to those of the planets in figure 5.2 certainly supports the view that those inert gases were acquired during accretion , it remains possible that the dominant volatiles were acquired by the capture of volatile-rich bodies after accretion .

Some highland-type rocks are a bit younger , down to about 3600 Ma , whilst others are a bit older .
some highland-type rocks are a bit younger , down to about 3600 ma , [while] others are a bit older .

Whilst the White Paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( DoH , 1989b , p. 18 ) .
[while] the white paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( doh , 1989b , p. 18 ) .

Whilst guidance on suitable mechanisms for multidisciplinary collaboration has at the level of planning been published , the use of mechanisms to co-ordinate information and assessment at the level of practice has been actively discouraged .
[while] guidance on suitable mechanisms for multidisciplinary collaboration has at the level of planning been published , the use of mechanisms to co-ordinate information and assessment at the level of practice has been actively discouraged .

Overall , whilst this variation undoubtedly includes examples of good assessment practice , there is also evidence that the general level of social services assessment of older people is restricted to the assessment of need for specific services , often requested by a carer , a general practitioner , or other third party , frequently undertaken by untrained ancillary staff ( Means , 1981 ; Black et al .
overall , [while] this variation undoubtedly includes examples of good assessment practice , there is also evidence that the general level of social services assessment of older people is restricted to the assessment of need for specific services , often requested by a carer , a general practitioner , or other third party , frequently undertaken by untrained ancillary staff ( means , 1981 ; black et al .

offer a consistent standard of good practice to users and to carers , whilst also recognizing that the process of assessment involves the exercising of judgement , whether professional judgement or subjective judgement of users and carers .
offer a consistent standard of good practice to users and to carers , [while] also recognizing that the process of assessment involves the exercising of judgement , whether professional judgement or subjective judgement of users and carers .

It is clear that practitioners need a framework to help them manage this process , to produce a degree of consistency of purpose , scope , and content of assessment across different practitioners , whilst also enabling the assessment process to be adapted flexibly to individual people and their circumstances .
it is clear that practitioners need a framework to help them manage this process , to produce a degree of consistency of purpose , scope , and content of assessment across different practitioners , [while] also enabling the assessment process to be adapted flexibly to individual people and their circumstances .

Nevertheless this is a major weakness of the paper , as it is notoriously difficult for those seeking compensation to resolve their internal conflicts whilst litigation is still in progress .
nevertheless this is a major weakness of the paper , as it is notoriously difficult for those seeking compensation to resolve their internal conflicts [while] litigation is still in progress .

This shortcoming can be explained in part by the alleged deficiencies of the respective approaches ( social administrators have been criticized for their less than rigorous historical investigations ( Thane , 1992 ) whilst historians have been taken to task for their reluctance to engage in broad theoretical debate ) .
this shortcoming can be explained in part by the alleged deficiencies of the respective approaches ( social administrators have been criticized for their less than rigorous historical investigations ( thane , 1992 ) [while] historians have been taken to task for their reluctance to engage in broad theoretical debate ) .

For those living in residential care , more than half did not know the difference between private and public homes ( p. 187 ) , whilst two-thirds of residents said they had had no choice as to which home they might enter .
for those living in residential care , more than half did not know the difference between private and public homes ( p. 187 ) , [while] two-thirds of residents said they had had no choice as to which home they might enter .

Whilst this provision would be an improvement on the present law , threats may not always be easy to establish .
[while] this provision would be an improvement on the present law , threats may not always be easy to establish .

The exemption is generally attributed to the seventeenth century writings of Sir Matthew Hale , and whilst this is in some measure correct , it is best understood in the context of the evolution of the law of rape as a whole .
the exemption is generally attributed to the seventeenth century writings of sir matthew hale , and [while] this is in some measure correct , it is best understood in the context of the evolution of the law of rape as a whole .

’ It was decided that whilst Reginald should go free , the unfortunate Margery should herself be placed in custody for her false appeal .
’ it was decided that [while] reginald should go free , the unfortunate margery should herself be placed in custody for her false appeal .

’ Two judges took the view that whilst the matrimonial consent could not be revoked by the wife , this consent had a restricted ambit .
’ two judges took the view that [while] the matrimonial consent could not be revoked by the wife , this consent had a restricted ambit .

that of robbing the victim , a defendant who has sexual intercourse with her whilst she is insensible will not be guilty of rape .
that of robbing the victim , a defendant who has sexual intercourse with her [while] she is insensible will not be guilty of rape .

Moreover , whilst sexual intercourse with a woman procured by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in Scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is obtained by a fraud as to the nature of the act .
moreover , [while] sexual intercourse with a woman procured by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is obtained by a fraud as to the nature of the act .

Whilst the boundaries of consent are not clearly defined , it is recognised that a woman does not consent to sexual intercourse where a man uses violence to force her .
[while] the boundaries of consent are not clearly defined , it is recognised that a woman does not consent to sexual intercourse where a man uses violence to force her .

Whilst the latter was away , the defendant took over her teaching duties and made use of his position to abuse the girl sexually .
[while] the latter was away , the defendant took over her teaching duties and made use of his position to abuse the girl sexually .

’ Richard Wright 's study suggests that whilst police do not necessarily look for evidence of extreme violence , they do seek evidence of some violence or threat .
’ richard wright 's study suggests that [while] police do not necessarily look for evidence of extreme violence , they do seek evidence of some violence or threat .

She was held down on the bed whilst a variety of sexual acts were performed on her .
she was held down on the bed [while] a variety of sexual acts were performed on her .

The majority held that , whilst an honest but unreasonable mistake would negative liability , such a defence should be put to the jury only where the defendant expressly asserted belief in consent and where there was some evidence beyond his mere assertion .
the majority held that , [while] an honest but unreasonable mistake would negative liability , such a defence should be put to the jury only where the defendant expressly asserted belief in consent and where there was some evidence beyond his mere assertion .

In its Report on Sexual Offences , the Criminal Law Revision Committee concluded that , whilst certain adjustments to it might be desirable , the law of rape as presently constructed was basically sound .
in its report on sexual offences , the criminal law revision committee concluded that , [while] certain adjustments to it might be desirable , the law of rape as presently constructed was basically sound .

In some places , women have been directly responsible for its introduction , whilst in others feminist ideas have influenced the law-makers .
in some places , women have been directly responsible for its introduction , [while] in others feminist ideas have influenced the law-makers .

Whilst gradation may have much in principle to commend it , certain criticisms may be voiced at the form which gradation has taken in the jurisdictions under consideration .
[while] gradation may have much in principle to commend it , certain criticisms may be voiced at the form which gradation has taken in the jurisdictions under consideration .

Whilst the New South Wales scheme may be criticised for the curious distribution of conduct between the first three categories of sexual assault , it is less fair to condemn it , as some commentators have done , because of the way in which it has been judicially interpreted .
[while] the new south wales scheme may be criticised for the curious distribution of conduct between the first three categories of sexual assault , it is less fair to condemn it , as some commentators have done , because of the way in which it has been judicially interpreted .

Whilst there are clearly certain advantages in a law which does not distinguish between penetration and other varieties of sexual assault , several objections may be raised to the new arrangement .
[while] there are clearly certain advantages in a law which does not distinguish between penetration and other varieties of sexual assault , several objections may be raised to the new arrangement .

Most of the store windows were already given over to Christmas displays in silver and white , whilst around behind his hotel , down-and-outs were sleeping over hot air vents in the pavement .
most of the store windows were already given over to christmas displays in silver and white , [while] around behind his hotel , down-and-outs were sleeping over hot air vents in the pavement .

The official opening ceremony was attended by our customers — and potential clients — and by the Bishop of Warrington and local MPs , whilst the building was opened the following day for staff and their families .
the official opening ceremony was attended by our customers — and potential clients — and by the bishop of warrington and local mps , [while] the building was opened the following day for staff and their families .

‘ Four per cent is the average figure for companies in the electrical and electronics field , whilst three and a half per cent is common in the aerospace and chemical fields , ’ added Stuart .
‘ four per cent is the average figure for companies in the electrical and electronics field , [while] three and a half per cent is common in the aerospace and chemical fields , ’ added stuart .

In fact , almost 20 per cent have never driven on their own on a motorway and many fear breaking down and being attacked whilst using them .
in fact , almost 20 per cent have never driven on their own on a motorway and many fear breaking down and being attacked [while] using them .

It was tragically whilst travelling there on Thursday 25th February 1993 that their car ran off the road and both died as a result .
it was tragically [while] travelling there on thursday 25th february 1993 that their car ran off the road and both died as a result .

The evening also gave Keith Jones , Manager , Personal Banking at Sheffield Church Street Branch , the opportunity to exhibit his Russian skills whilst conversing with the non-English speaking party member and also when rounding off the evening with a traditional toast in Russian .
the evening also gave keith jones , manager , personal banking at sheffield church street branch , the opportunity to exhibit his russian skills [while] conversing with the non-english speaking party member and also when rounding off the evening with a traditional toast in russian .

Whilst the team has a fairly strong pool , none of them is getting any younger ( especially Derek ) and new players are always welcome to give more strength in depth .
[while] the team has a fairly strong pool , none of them is getting any younger ( especially derek ) and new players are always welcome to give more strength in depth .

‘ As for the long-term future , we will ensure the Cashline network grows and meets the demand of our customers whilst operating profitability , ’ said Nigel .
‘ as for the long-term future , we will ensure the cashline network grows and meets the demand of our customers [while] operating profitability , ’ said nigel .

All of these benefits , whilst clear within the Bank , were not widely known by our customers .
all of these benefits , [while] clear within the bank , were not widely known by our customers .

Whilst not following the Water of Leith for all its length , taking a more direct path than the winding river , the walkway allows access to the river at various points , and is a valuable link between Warriston and North Leith .
[while] not following the water of leith for all its length , taking a more direct path than the winding river , the walkway allows access to the river at various points , and is a valuable link between warriston and north leith .

In urban areas this means protecting the elements that make them attractive , whilst seeking to improve those areas that would benefit from regeneration .
in urban areas this means protecting the elements that make them attractive , [while] seeking to improve those areas that would benefit from regeneration .

Grouse shooting , for example , occurs only during a fixed period each year , whilst military training is carried out periodically throughout the year .
grouse shooting , for example , occurs only during a fixed period each year , [while] military training is carried out periodically throughout the year .

The temporary diversion of the Union Canal had to guarantee passage of 4½ million gallons of water a day with a similar standby capacity , whilst the Edinburgh/Carstairs railway was temporarily diverted over a length of almost 800 metres .
the temporary diversion of the union canal had to guarantee passage of 4½ million gallons of water a day with a similar standby capacity , [while] the edinburgh/carstairs railway was temporarily diverted over a length of almost 800 metres .

Growing concern about passive smoking and recent signals from organisations like the Health and Safety Executive and Lothian Health Board have pointed the way for employers to take positive action to protect non-smokers whilst at work in enclosed areas .
growing concern about passive smoking and recent signals from organisations like the health and safety executive and lothian health board have pointed the way for employers to take positive action to protect non-smokers [while] at work in enclosed areas .

Employee relations manager George Piechniczek said : ‘ This sensitive issue has been extensively debated over the last few years and whilst the trade unions support the principle of protecting non-smokers at work , it has proved difficult to find a practical solution that satisfied all parties . ’
employee relations manager george piechniczek said : ‘ this sensitive issue has been extensively debated over the last few years and [while] the trade unions support the principle of protecting non-smokers at work , it has proved difficult to find a practical solution that satisfied all parties . ’

If you feel , having read this , that you could handle the demands of a job that entails sinking your toes into plus , deep-pile carpet , lounging back in a comfy armchair sipping coffee whilst viewing Edinburgh 's citizens going about their lawful occasions and being paid for the privilege , forget it — we got here first .
if you feel , having read this , that you could handle the demands of a job that entails sinking your toes into plus , deep-pile carpet , lounging back in a comfy armchair sipping coffee [while] viewing edinburgh 's citizens going about their lawful occasions and being paid for the privilege , forget it — we got here first .

Whilst the demise of the Region is not certain , Network can reveal that the Directorate with the active support of the Council is already acting to ensure that the interests of staff are maximised during any transition to a new Local Government establishment .
[while] the demise of the region is not certain , network can reveal that the directorate with the active support of the council is already acting to ensure that the interests of staff are maximised during any transition to a new local government establishment .

Whilst accepting the need to continue and improve service provision to all sections of the community , the Regional Council and the trades unions have agreed that all reasonably practicable steps should be taken to identify and minimise the risk of violence to employees .
[while] accepting the need to continue and improve service provision to all sections of the community , the regional council and the trades unions have agreed that all reasonably practicable steps should be taken to identify and minimise the risk of violence to employees .

8.1 The Department is committed to support any member of staff who is assaulted either whilst carrying out their official duties or as a consequence of official duties .
8.1 the department is committed to support any member of staff who is assaulted either [while] carrying out their official duties or as a consequence of official duties .

Whilst recognising the central role of managers in providing counselling in these circumstances , consideration should be given , in exceptional cases , to whether this form of support would be delivered more effectively if it were separated from the normal manager/employee relationship .
[while] recognising the central role of managers in providing counselling in these circumstances , consideration should be given , in exceptional cases , to whether this form of support would be delivered more effectively if it were separated from the normal manager/employee relationship .

In this regard an employee who is the victim of a violent incident whilst undertaking such temporary duties and , as a result , is absent from work will be paid the appropriate allowance at the higher rate for as long as the circumstances which gave rise to this temporary arrangement continues .
in this regard an employee who is the victim of a violent incident [while] undertaking such temporary duties and , as a result , is absent from work will be paid the appropriate allowance at the higher rate for as long as the circumstances which gave rise to this temporary arrangement continues .

3.3 Whilst the assessment of risk and the permitted limits of response in a given situation remain a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .
3.3 [while] the assessment of risk and the permitted limits of response in a given situation remain a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .

Whilst there are many ways of breaking free from restraint the more complex the movement the more can go wrong .
[while] there are many ways of breaking free from restraint the more complex the movement the more can go wrong .

Whilst casualties to passengers and pedestrians show little long-term movement , there has been an increase in the number of car driver casualties .
[while] casualties to passengers and pedestrians show little long-term movement , there has been an increase in the number of car driver casualties .

Elderly people are likely to exercise better judgement whilst using buses and to become more assertive in conveying their intentions to drivers .
elderly people are likely to exercise better judgement [while] using buses and to become more assertive in conveying their intentions to drivers .

Among excess alcohol offenders , 10% are learner drivers or riders and 11% drive whilst disqualified or have no driving licence .
among excess alcohol offenders , 10% are learner drivers or riders and 11% drive [while] disqualified or have no driving licence .

Over recent years there have been on average over 100 children per year injured in accidents whilst on journeys to or from school ( see Table 28 ) .
over recent years there have been on average over 100 children per year injured in accidents [while] on journeys to or from school ( see table 28 ) .

The Regional Council approved a new item in the Capital Budget for 1992/93 and successive years specifically to promote a programme of works targeted at reducing the incidence of injuries to children whilst on journeys to and from school .
the regional council approved a new item in the capital budget for 1992/93 and successive years specifically to promote a programme of works targeted at reducing the incidence of injuries to children [while] on journeys to and from school .

The challenge of our asset management programme is to strengthen the balance sheet whilst maintaining a rising production and cash flow profile , and improving profitability .
the challenge of our asset management programme is to strengthen the balance sheet [while] maintaining a rising production and cash flow profile , and improving profitability .

It will inevitably take some time before the full benefits of our strategy are realised and , whilst we expect our production and cash flow to remain strong and rise over the next few years , profitability in the short term is likely to remain depressed , even with contributions from disposals .
it will inevitably take some time before the full benefits of our strategy are realised and , [while] we expect our production and cash flow to remain strong and rise over the next few years , profitability in the short term is likely to remain depressed , even with contributions from disposals .

Whilst this is an increase over the 1991 level of 41,000 boepd , it is lower than originally anticipated due to the delay in the commencement of production from Piper and lower production from Ninian as a result of the deferral of well workovers from 1992 to 1993 .
[while] this is an increase over the 1991 level of 41,000 boepd , it is lower than originally anticipated due to the delay in the commencement of production from piper and lower production from ninian as a result of the deferral of well workovers from 1992 to 1993 .

The image presented , whilst it may look like a visible image , it is in reality a complex pattern of temperature differences , and this means that there are a wide range of uses for thermal imaging technologies apart from the obvious military and firefighting applications .
the image presented , [while] it may look like a visible image , it is in reality a complex pattern of temperature differences , and this means that there are a wide range of uses for thermal imaging technologies apart from the obvious military and firefighting applications .

Whilst our cities wheeze from the effects of chemical pollutants there is another form of pollution gathering in the atmosphere .
[while] our cities wheeze from the effects of chemical pollutants there is another form of pollution gathering in the atmosphere .

Whilst these preparations have had to be cancelled , we are most anxious to rearrange the programme for later in the year .
[while] these preparations have had to be cancelled , we are most anxious to rearrange the programme for later in the year .

Whilst we also believe increasing amounts of renewable energy must be harnessed in future , our long-standing service to landscape protection meant that we saw the environmental costs of doing this perhaps more clearly than others .
[while] we also believe increasing amounts of renewable energy must be harnessed in future , our long-standing service to landscape protection meant that we saw the environmental costs of doing this perhaps more clearly than others .

An important figure in the stimulation of James ' intellect , Constantine had been developing his own political ideas whilst residing in the industrial heartland of Lancashire , and he now requested James ' help in the formation of his autobiography .
an important figure in the stimulation of james ' intellect , constantine had been developing his own political ideas [while] residing in the industrial heartland of lancashire , and he now requested james ' help in the formation of his autobiography .

Malcolm had left Trinidad for the United States in the 1920s and whilst educating himself at Fisk and Howard Universities had developed a temperament of a distinctly militant revolutionary nature .
malcolm had left trinidad for the united states in the 1920s and [while] educating himself at fisk and howard universities had developed a temperament of a distinctly militant revolutionary nature .

Williams ' theory , in brief , was that whilst the West Indian plantation economy with its slave labour force was the prime factor in the development of mercantilist capital in Great Britain , the ascent in the early 19th century of the industrial bourgeoisie created new forces whose interests clashed with those of the more established capitalist group .
williams ' theory , in brief , was that [while] the west indian plantation economy with its slave labour force was the prime factor in the development of mercantilist capital in great britain , the ascent in the early 19th century of the industrial bourgeoisie created new forces whose interests clashed with those of the more established capitalist group .

He was on Philip Randolph 's ‘ March on Washington ’ platform in Chicago , and it was whilst lecturing in Boston that he made his first real contact with the Jamaican nationalist movement and significantly with Norman Manley .
he was on philip randolph 's ‘ march on washington ’ platform in chicago , and it was [while] lecturing in boston that he made his first real contact with the jamaican nationalist movement and significantly with norman manley .

His trip to the Caribbean , and subsequent lecture tour , not only widened his democratic vistas , it allowed him to expand upon his vision of an independent Trinidad whilst laying the foundation of his emergence as its intellectual spokesman .
his trip to the caribbean , and subsequent lecture tour , not only widened his democratic vistas , it allowed him to expand upon his vision of an independent trinidad [while] laying the foundation of his emergence as its intellectual spokesman .

Following the notorious deal struck by Prime Minister Churchill and President Roosevelt in 1940 , the Americans had built a naval base at the deep-water bay of Chaguaramas , and , whilst the huge influx of military and civilian personnel created something resembling a boom-time on the island , their recreational habits led to increased levels of prostitution and organised vice .
following the notorious deal struck by prime minister churchill and president roosevelt in 1940 , the americans had built a naval base at the deep-water bay of chaguaramas , and , [while] the huge influx of military and civilian personnel created something resembling a boom-time on the island , their recreational habits led to increased levels of prostitution and organised vice .

In 1946 , Trinidad and Tobago held their first elections under universal suffrage and , for these politically and culturally fragmented islands , the ensuing decade would be of the utmost importance , for it would see the emergence of a political leader who , through the Peoples Nationalist Movement , would revolutionise the political life of the colony whilst propelling it toward independence .
in 1946 , trinidad and tobago held their first elections under universal suffrage and , for these politically and culturally fragmented islands , the ensuing decade would be of the utmost importance , for it would see the emergence of a political leader who , through the peoples nationalist movement , would revolutionise the political life of the colony [while] propelling it toward independence .

Whilst each has its special purposes , all share a common concern to help people protect , understand and enjoy the environment more effectively .
[while] each has its special purposes , all share a common concern to help people protect , understand and enjoy the environment more effectively .

Whilst we would not wish to comment on the suitability or otherwise of the particular applicants , we do however appreciate the value of such establishments to rural communities .
[while] we would not wish to comment on the suitability or otherwise of the particular applicants , we do however appreciate the value of such establishments to rural communities .

Whilst we agree that demand for boat moorings is likely to grow , we believe the solution does not have to take the form of the ‘ designer ’ marinas of the 1980s , where extensive residential and leisure development were required to finance the capital investment in pontoons and related marina works .
[while] we agree that demand for boat moorings is likely to grow , we believe the solution does not have to take the form of the ‘ designer ’ marinas of the 1980s , where extensive residential and leisure development were required to finance the capital investment in pontoons and related marina works .

Whilst we recognise that the Government does not want local authorities to use development plan policies to limit change of use rights , we believe the final guidance should indicate the special circumstances in which such constraints may be justified , for example , in order to avoid environmental problems or to sustain the traditional employment base of a particular locality .
[while] we recognise that the government does not want local authorities to use development plan policies to limit change of use rights , we believe the final guidance should indicate the special circumstances in which such constraints may be justified , for example , in order to avoid environmental problems or to sustain the traditional employment base of a particular locality .

Whilst we recognise that planning guidance should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set guidance limits which reflect some estimate of the environmental capacity of the plan area .
[while] we recognise that planning guidance should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set guidance limits which reflect some estimate of the environmental capacity of the plan area .

Whilst we would like to reserve our position over any additional conditions that we or others may wish to propose in future , we support the County Council 's conditions , as drafted .
[while] we would like to reserve our position over any additional conditions that we or others may wish to propose in future , we support the county council 's conditions , as drafted .

Whilst it would have been sensible for the remit to have been reviewed at time the organisation was created , we acknowledge the political realities that existed .
[while] it would have been sensible for the remit to have been reviewed at time the organisation was created , we acknowledge the political realities that existed .

Conservationists are trying to prevent the lone remaining bird from being trapped , whilst the last Spix 's macaw has paired up with a blue-winged macaw , a different bird altogether .
conservationists are trying to prevent the lone remaining bird from being trapped , [while] the last spix 's macaw has paired up with a blue-winged macaw , a different bird altogether .

The party has had to bail out its merchandising section , Ecotrade , from party funds , whilst running at a loss .
the party has had to bail out its merchandising section , ecotrade , from party funds , [while] running at a loss .

The programme materials provide for school communities up-to-date information on church teachings ; suggested criteria of exemplary practice ( whilst allowing the school community to recognise and articulate its own good practice ) ; school profile pro-forma ; and suggestions for action planning and implementation .
the programme materials provide for school communities up-to-date information on church teachings ; suggested criteria of exemplary practice ( [while] allowing the school community to recognise and articulate its own good practice ) ; school profile pro-forma ; and suggestions for action planning and implementation .

Whilst some schools have a teachers ' library the range of resources available seems poor .
[while] some schools have a teachers ' library the range of resources available seems poor .

Working Paper 7 makes a distinction between Religious and Moral Education whilst the Catholic Church sees moral education as an integral and essential part of Religious Education .
working paper 7 makes a distinction between religious and moral education [while] the catholic church sees moral education as an integral and essential part of religious education .

From this it can readily be seen that only 56 institutions are of the size advocated in ‘ Better Schools ’ and yet this 19 % caters for nearly half the student population whilst 148 sixth forms ( 52 % of the total ) each with less than .
from this it can readily be seen that only 56 institutions are of the size advocated in ‘ better schools ’ and yet this 19 % caters for nearly half the student population [while] 148 sixth forms ( 52 % of the total ) each with less than .

Such schemes whilst safeguarding and rationalising 16–19 provision often permit other schools , albeit with a reduced age range , to continue to exist .
such schemes [while] safeguarding and rationalising 16–19 provision often permit other schools , albeit with a reduced age range , to continue to exist .

Whilst considering the colour of tesserae it is also pertinent to mention their preparation , size and shape .
[while] considering the colour of tesserae it is also pertinent to mention their preparation , size and shape .

The central roundel is enclosed by an octagon framed by the squares , whilst , of the four subsidiary roundels , two have stylised dahlia with guilloche knots at their centres , and two have stylised lotus flowers with chequers .
the central roundel is enclosed by an octagon framed by the squares , [while] , of the four subsidiary roundels , two have stylised dahlia with guilloche knots at their centres , and two have stylised lotus flowers with chequers .

She and Tim both had good jobs locally whilst Stephen worked abroad , and had arrived home for Christmas the night before .
she and tim both had good jobs locally [while] stephen worked abroad , and had arrived home for christmas the night before .

The Midland Bank has been investigating a possible scheme to log areas of virgin Amazonian rainforest , whilst simultaneously launching its new green investment fund .
the midland bank has been investigating a possible scheme to log areas of virgin amazonian rainforest , [while] simultaneously launching its new green investment fund .

In Czechoslovakia , farmers face ruin after two years of drought , whilst in south-eastern Spain , people are compelled to buy bottled water after their depleted subterranean supply became contaminated with salt .
in czechoslovakia , farmers face ruin after two years of drought , [while] in south-eastern spain , people are compelled to buy bottled water after their depleted subterranean supply became contaminated with salt .

The committee identified conflicts of interest within the power industry , such as a responsibility to inform the public about energy efficiency , whilst at the same time having to increase demand to satisfy shareholders .
the committee identified conflicts of interest within the power industry , such as a responsibility to inform the public about energy efficiency , [while] at the same time having to increase demand to satisfy shareholders .

Whilst International operates through third party distributors in the majority of its markets , it has an involvement in the import , marketing and distribution in the four largest markets — Venezuela , Mexico , Brazil and South Africa .
[while] international operates through third party distributors in the majority of its markets , it has an involvement in the import , marketing and distribution in the four largest markets — venezuela , mexico , brazil and south africa .

In West Africa , Johnnie Walker Red Label and White Horse lead the Scotch whisky market , whilst Gordon 's enjoys an equivalent position in gin .
in west africa , johnnie walker red label and white horse lead the scotch whisky market , [while] gordon 's enjoys an equivalent position in gin .

Emily Driver worked in dictionary publishing for some years whilst campaigning on the subject of child abuse .
emily driver worked in dictionary publishing for some years [while] campaigning on the subject of child abuse .

From the active research fields and interests of members of the academic staff , listed below , it may be seen that social , historical , urban , political , economic , quantitative and applied aspects reflect current emphases in Human Geography , whilst in Physical Geography studies of Karst , Quaternary environments , sedimentology , hydrology and palaeolimnology and the arid zone are among principal fields of research .
from the active research fields and interests of members of the academic staff , listed below , it may be seen that social , historical , urban , political , economic , quantitative and applied aspects reflect current emphases in human geography , [while] in physical geography studies of karst , quaternary environments , sedimentology , hydrology and palaeolimnology and the arid zone are among principal fields of research .

The major duties of the professor will be to pursue his or her own research and to sustain an active research group , whilst acting as a focus for the extensive activity in Theoretical Chemistry that already exists in the Oxford Chemistry School .
the major duties of the professor will be to pursue his or her own research and to sustain an active research group , [while] acting as a focus for the extensive activity in theoretical chemistry that already exists in the oxford chemistry school .

In each of the past two years 155 research papers have been published , whilst three international journals are edited from within it .
in each of the past two years 155 research papers have been published , [while] three international journals are edited from within it .

is an experienced spinner , who used Sinclair 's upright wheel , beautifully made of walnut , for spinning silk , whilst using a horizontal Swedish wheel for wool .
is an experienced spinner , who used sinclair 's upright wheel , beautifully made of walnut , for spinning silk , [while] using a horizontal swedish wheel for wool .

The city is growing at the rate of 6,000 people a month , whilst 90 % of the state 's water supplies are currently used by just 6,000 farmers .
the city is growing at the rate of 6,000 people a month , [while] 90 % of the state 's water supplies are currently used by just 6,000 farmers .

Intensive farming methods and particularly insecticides have had a disastrous effect on the lesser kestrel , an insectivore which now numbers only hundreds , whilst wetland birds such as the marbled teal and white-headed duck fail as their habitat is drained for crops .
intensive farming methods and particularly insecticides have had a disastrous effect on the lesser kestrel , an insectivore which now numbers only hundreds , [while] wetland birds such as the marbled teal and white-headed duck fail as their habitat is drained for crops .

Fish-eating birds are being destroyed to reduce competition for fish stocks , whilst many ground birds such as the corncrake and bustard are declining as a result of major changes in agriculture .
fish-eating birds are being destroyed to reduce competition for fish stocks , [while] many ground birds such as the corncrake and bustard are declining as a result of major changes in agriculture .

More than half of the deaths are attributable to circulatory disease , whilst nearly a third of the population die from cancer .
more than half of the deaths are attributable to circulatory disease , [while] nearly a third of the population die from cancer .

The project , whilst initially focusing upon the requirements of the service sector , will be extended to incorporate a variety of other industries thus providing more extensive ‘ test-beds ’ in which the model can be developed .
the project , [while] initially focusing upon the requirements of the service sector , will be extended to incorporate a variety of other industries thus providing more extensive ‘ test-beds ’ in which the model can be developed .

For instance , if loan stock is issued with warrants when profits and share prices are rising , the exercise of the warrants will introduce further equity funds into the company whilst maintaining the higher gearing which the loan stock provides ( as distinct from convertible loan stock which has the effect of withdrawing the cheaper gearing on conversion into equity ) .
for instance , if loan stock is issued with warrants when profits and share prices are rising , the exercise of the warrants will introduce further equity funds into the company [while] maintaining the higher gearing which the loan stock provides ( as distinct from convertible loan stock which has the effect of withdrawing the cheaper gearing on conversion into equity ) .

9.12 Licences etc under hand Whilst the Landlord is a limited company or other corporation all licences consents approvals and notices required to be given by the Landlord shall be sufficiently given if given under the hand of a director the secretary or other duly authorised officer of the Landlord [ or the Surveyor on behalf of the Landlord ] Without this provision , the effectiveness of licences and consents granted by the landlord during the term and not under seal could be in doubt .
9.12 licences etc under hand [while] the landlord is a limited company or other corporation all licences consents approvals and notices required to be given by the landlord shall be sufficiently given if given under the hand of a director the secretary or other duly authorised officer of the landlord [ or the surveyor on behalf of the landlord ] without this provision , the effectiveness of licences and consents granted by the landlord during the term and not under seal could be in doubt .

It will therefore seek to minimise its own obligations whilst ensuring , so far as possible , that its trading partners perform theirs .
it will therefore seek to minimise its own obligations [while] ensuring , so far as possible , that its trading partners perform theirs .

Whilst it may be desirable , for the reasons discussed above , for a business to make detailed provision in its contracts for contingencies which may arise , it will generally be impossible to negotiate separate contracts for each transaction .
[while] it may be desirable , for the reasons discussed above , for a business to make detailed provision in its contracts for contingencies which may arise , it will generally be impossible to negotiate separate contracts for each transaction .

Provided proper procedures are established and followed to ensure their incorporation into the business 's contracts , contracts can be concluded by relatively junior employees whilst the terms can limit or exclude the power of such employees to negotiate or vary the business 's obligations .
provided proper procedures are established and followed to ensure their incorporation into the business 's contracts , contracts can be concluded by relatively junior employees [while] the terms can limit or exclude the power of such employees to negotiate or vary the business 's obligations .

As already noted , those objectives can be described , in broad terms , as being to minimise the obligations of the drafter 's client , whilst ensuring , so far as possible , that the client 's trading partners perform their obligations .
as already noted , those objectives can be described , in broad terms , as being to minimise the obligations of the drafter 's client , [while] ensuring , so far as possible , that the client 's trading partners perform their obligations .

However , whilst it is impossible to guarantee that a business 's terms will be incorporated into all its contracts , if a business takes care to adopt proper contract formation procedures , it can maximise the chances of its terms being incorporated into its contracts , and therefore its chances of being able to rely on those terms should any dispute arise .
however , [while] it is impossible to guarantee that a business 's terms will be incorporated into all its contracts , if a business takes care to adopt proper contract formation procedures , it can maximise the chances of its terms being incorporated into its contracts , and therefore its chances of being able to rely on those terms should any dispute arise .

Sales and purchasing directors and managers will probably have authority to make commercial contracts in most cases , whilst warehouse and delivery staff will generally not have authority to agree contracts or vary terms , but no hard and fast rule can be laid down .
sales and purchasing directors and managers will probably have authority to make commercial contracts in most cases , [while] warehouse and delivery staff will generally not have authority to agree contracts or vary terms , but no hard and fast rule can be laid down .

However , whilst such a provision can prevent the business losing the battle of forms , it can not guarantee victory .
however , [while] such a provision can prevent the business losing the battle of forms , it can not guarantee victory .

That section applies to terms in guarantees and provides that a person can not , by reference to a term in a guarantee of goods of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption , exclude or restrict liability for any loss or damage caused by the goods proving defective whilst in consumer use as a result of negligence in manufacture .
that section applies to terms in guarantees and provides that a person can not , by reference to a term in a guarantee of goods of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption , exclude or restrict liability for any loss or damage caused by the goods proving defective [while] in consumer use as a result of negligence in manufacture .

However , whilst the decided cases may offer some guidance as to the general approach , their precedent value is limited because each case turns on its own circumstances .
however , [while] the decided cases may offer some guidance as to the general approach , their precedent value is limited because each case turns on its own circumstances .

Probably the first piece of advice that could be given to any new practitioner is that whilst a friend may be a client , a client should never become a friend , for an easy transition from a client to a friend can often lead to serious problems and difficulties .
probably the first piece of advice that could be given to any new practitioner is that [while] a friend may be a client , a client should never become a friend , for an easy transition from a client to a friend can often lead to serious problems and difficulties .

If , less than 24 hours before expected exchange of contracts , someone announces they have only got £500 instead of £5,000 , this can stall the chain for some while , whilst everyone renegotiates the terms of the contract they each have .
if , less than 24 hours before expected exchange of contracts , someone announces they have only got £500 instead of £5,000 , this can stall the chain for some while , [while] everyone renegotiates the terms of the contract they each have .

But to avoid loading a title with a chain of such covenants , it is perhaps better draftsmanship , when first imposing restrictions , to provide that the owner for the time being shall be responsible only for breaches committed whilst he or she is such owner .
but to avoid loading a title with a chain of such covenants , it is perhaps better draftsmanship , when first imposing restrictions , to provide that the owner for the time being shall be responsible only for breaches committed [while] he or she is such owner .

Whilst this occurrence is rare , it is important to keep a look-out .
[while] this occurrence is rare , it is important to keep a look-out .

In general , your attitude whilst investigating a title should be thoroughly suspicious .
in general , your attitude [while] investigating a title should be thoroughly suspicious .

As soon as you 've concluded your investigation of title , and whilst , with the help of your notes on title , it 's still fresh in your mind , prepare your requisitions on title ( with , of course , an additional print or carbon copy for the use of the seller 's conveyancer ) .
as soon as you 've concluded your investigation of title , and [while] , with the help of your notes on title , it 's still fresh in your mind , prepare your requisitions on title ( with , of course , an additional print or carbon copy for the use of the seller 's conveyancer ) .

Do n't be tempted to put off dealing with any items because of pressure of time ; in the long run of the whole transaction you will save time , and possible error too , by preparing all the documents at once , whilst the matter is fresh in your mind .
do n't be tempted to put off dealing with any items because of pressure of time ; in the long run of the whole transaction you will save time , and possible error too , by preparing all the documents at once , [while] the matter is fresh in your mind .

Whilst theses three elements have been elaborated upon in subsequent cases they are a convenient starting point for consideration of the case law .
[while] theses three elements have been elaborated upon in subsequent cases they are a convenient starting point for consideration of the case law .

In Sanders v Parry , the defendant whilst in the plaintiff 's employment as an assistant solicitor was told by another member of staff that she was dissatisfied with her employment .
in sanders v parry , the defendant [while] in the plaintiff 's employment as an assistant solicitor was told by another member of staff that she was dissatisfied with her employment .

Whilst it is clear that an employee can not be prevented from using his general skill and knowledge once employment is over , there has been some doubt until recently as to whether the employer could exert any control over such use during employment or whether the law would imply such control .
[while] it is clear that an employee can not be prevented from using his general skill and knowledge once employment is over , there has been some doubt until recently as to whether the employer could exert any control over such use during employment or whether the law would imply such control .

Some restrictions go too far in their precision and thus are judged unreasonable whilst others are struck down as being too imprecise and/or wide .
some restrictions go too far in their precision and thus are judged unreasonable [while] others are struck down as being too imprecise and/or wide .

Second , whilst waiver of past breaches of contract can never be revoked , the effect of estoppel is to suspend obligation which may be revoked with reasonable notice .
second , [while] waiver of past breaches of contract can never be revoked , the effect of estoppel is to suspend obligation which may be revoked with reasonable notice .

As has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to ensure that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market whilst at the same time ensuring that the efficient operation of the markets is not unduly impeded .
as has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to ensure that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market [while] at the same time ensuring that the efficient operation of the markets is not unduly impeded .

The Guidance says that where they intend `` to limit the way in which a parent meets his responsibility this should be discussed with the parent and incorporated in the plan of arrangements for the child whilst in care so that it may be subject to periodic review `` ( para 3.68 ) .
the guidance says that where they intend `` to limit the way in which a parent meets his responsibility this should be discussed with the parent and incorporated in the plan of arrangements for the child [while] in care so that it may be subject to periodic review `` ( para 3.68 ) .

One normally thinks in terms of the 3 year rule as applying to a person who emigrates from the United Kingdom whilst one considers that the 17 year rule is applicable to someone who becomes resident in the United Kingdom whilst retaining his overseas domicile under general principles .
one normally thinks in terms of the 3 year rule as applying to a person who emigrates from the united kingdom [while] one considers that the 17 year rule is applicable to someone who becomes resident in the united kingdom [while] retaining his overseas domicile under general principles .

Whilst the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians , you may prefer to express angles in degrees .
[while] the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians , you may prefer to express angles in degrees .

You can use this function to accept and evaluate an expression , such as a mathematical equation , whilst the program is running .
you can use this function to accept and evaluate an expression , such as a mathematical equation , [while] the program is running .

Whilst the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians , you may prefer to express angles in degrees .
[while] the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians , you may prefer to express angles in degrees .

Whilst the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians , you may prefer to express angles in degrees .
[while] the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians , you may prefer to express angles in degrees .

However , whilst most printers provide a number of similar odes , the codes used are often different .
however , [while] most printers provide a number of similar odes , the codes used are often different .

You then go an make a cup of tea whilst the computer reads through all the files until it comes to the one you want .
you then go an make a cup of tea [while] the computer reads through all the files until it comes to the one you want .

Whilst these notes repeat much of the material covered in the `` Statements and Functions `` section , additional information has been added and they are presented in a more readable order .
[while] these notes repeat much of the material covered in the `` statements and functions `` section , additional information has been added and they are presented in a more readable order .

Whilst this edition still primarily addresses that situation it also deals with the conveyance of the matrimonial home in other situations , for instance the insolvency of the husband ( see Chapter 10 ) and , following his death , a claim by the wife against his estate .
[while] this edition still primarily addresses that situation it also deals with the conveyance of the matrimonial home in other situations , for instance the insolvency of the husband ( see chapter 10 ) and , following his death , a claim by the wife against his estate .

Some mortgagees have standard clauses that they require to be inserted in the conveyance or transfer of the property charged in their favour and some mortgagees require to approve the draft document , whilst others ( for instance , the Halifax Building Society ) delegate the task of drafting to the mortgagee 's solicitor with a few suggested ( but by no means mandatory ) clauses .
some mortgagees have standard clauses that they require to be inserted in the conveyance or transfer of the property charged in their favour and some mortgagees require to approve the draft document , [while] others ( for instance , the halifax building society ) delegate the task of drafting to the mortgagee 's solicitor with a few suggested ( but by no means mandatory ) clauses .

( b ) Where in addition there is a second charge If the former matrimonial home to be conveyed or transferred to the wife is subject to both a first and second charge it may be that whilst the first mortgagee is prepared to release the husband , upon having a direct covenant by the wife , the second mortgagee is not so agreeable .
( b ) where in addition there is a second charge if the former matrimonial home to be conveyed or transferred to the wife is subject to both a first and second charge it may be that [while] the first mortgagee is prepared to release the husband , upon having a direct covenant by the wife , the second mortgagee is not so agreeable .

Whilst the notice itself may be sufficient to sever the beneficial joint tenancy , to prevent a conveyance by the survivor either through ignorance or fraud it would be prudent to endorse a memorandum on the last conveyance to the effect that severance has taken place .
[while] the notice itself may be sufficient to sever the beneficial joint tenancy , to prevent a conveyance by the survivor either through ignorance or fraud it would be prudent to endorse a memorandum on the last conveyance to the effect that severance has taken place .

However , registration of a restriction protects the share of any deceased former joint tenant whilst the future of the matrimonial home is being clarified .
however , registration of a restriction protects the share of any deceased former joint tenant [while] the future of the matrimonial home is being clarified .

Whilst the conveyance will vest the legal estate in the wife , there should be an assignment by the husband to the wife of his equitable interest as well .
[while] the conveyance will vest the legal estate in the wife , there should be an assignment by the husband to the wife of his equitable interest as well .

Whilst the husband and wife as owners of the legal estate can make a conveyance or transfer as trustees to the wife alone as discussed in the previous section , there seems no good reason , when the husband conveys or releases his beneficial interest to the wife , why she should not receive the benefit of the " beneficial owner " covenants ( see Chapter 3 ) .
[while] the husband and wife as owners of the legal estate can make a conveyance or transfer as trustees to the wife alone as discussed in the previous section , there seems no good reason , when the husband conveys or releases his beneficial interest to the wife , why she should not receive the benefit of the " beneficial owner " covenants ( see chapter 3 ) .

In either event , particular regard will have to be had to the capital gains tax , inheritance tax and stamp duty implications of such a transaction , and whilst these are dealt with more fully in Chapter 2 , the following points are mentioned as an aide-méemoire : ( i ) If the new husband purchases the husband 's interest in the house , is this for full value and on the basis of an arm 's length transaction ?
in either event , particular regard will have to be had to the capital gains tax , inheritance tax and stamp duty implications of such a transaction , and [while] these are dealt with more fully in chapter 2 , the following points are mentioned as an aide-méemoire : ( i ) if the new husband purchases the husband 's interest in the house , is this for full value and on the basis of an arm 's length transaction ?

Whilst the new husband is entitled to have the title investigated fully ( at his own cost ) , in a case where the house is already in the joint names of the husband and wife , it is thought that , in practice , the new husband will rely upon the title at the time of the conveyance to the husband and the wife having been properly investigated .
[while] the new husband is entitled to have the title investigated fully ( at his own cost ) , in a case where the house is already in the joint names of the husband and wife , it is thought that , in practice , the new husband will rely upon the title at the time of the conveyance to the husband and the wife having been properly investigated .

Whilst this type of order is fairly common , it must be appreciated that it has defects as compared with an outright transfer of the matrimonial home to the wife .
[while] this type of order is fairly common , it must be appreciated that it has defects as compared with an outright transfer of the matrimonial home to the wife .

If however , the husband dies before the wife ( ie whilst her right of occupation subsists ) his reversionary interest in the proceeds of sale is not excluded property and there will be a charge to inheritance tax ( Inheritance Tax Act 1984 , s48 ( 1 ) ) .
if however , the husband dies before the wife ( ie [while] her right of occupation subsists ) his reversionary interest in the proceeds of sale is not excluded property and there will be a charge to inheritance tax ( inheritance tax act 1984 , s48 ( 1 ) ) .

Any potential problems will hopefully be settled whilst the terms of the declaration of trust are being agreed .
any potential problems will hopefully be settled [while] the terms of the declaration of trust are being agreed .

The legal title should be protected by the machinery provided by the Land Registration Acts , whilst the trusts should be contained in a separate declaration of trust made by the registered proprietors .
the legal title should be protected by the machinery provided by the land registration acts , [while] the trusts should be contained in a separate declaration of trust made by the registered proprietors .

When chasing the game we were always succeptable to the counter attack and conceded 2 goals on the break , whilst the other was another mistake .
when chasing the game we were always succeptable to the counter attack and conceded 2 goals on the break , [while] the other was another mistake .

The new ‘ box had to be capable of handling the torque of the highest performance versions whilst still fitting into a very small space .
the new ‘ box had to be capable of handling the torque of the highest performance versions [while] still fitting into a very small space .

Grimly he opened the back of the van and made no effort to help whilst his father tried to manoeuvre the basket across the rest of the pavement .
grimly he opened the back of the van and made no effort to help [while] his father tried to manoeuvre the basket across the rest of the pavement .

He steadied it with one hand whilst with the other he slammed the doors , then holding the handle of the basket , he tottered away .
he steadied it with one hand [while] with the other he slammed the doors , then holding the handle of the basket , he tottered away .

‘ We have to do that for Luiza — find her a seat or a place she can lean against whilst singing .
‘ we have to do that for luiza — find her a seat or a place she can lean against [while] singing .

He was giving one of his best solo Gesner recitals , whilst totally blowing the sense of the scene .
he was giving one of his best solo gesner recitals , [while] totally blowing the sense of the scene .

Willi had revealed that , since the night of Madge 's fall from grace , she actually socialized with him , accepted the occasional invitation for coffee and , whilst not exactly chatting effusively about herself or her private life , indulged in fairly normal conversation with him .
willi had revealed that , since the night of madge 's fall from grace , she actually socialized with him , accepted the occasional invitation for coffee and , [while] not exactly chatting effusively about herself or her private life , indulged in fairly normal conversation with him .

Whilst there are no ‘ free wins ’ to be had in the Premier League ( with the possible exception of Swindon ) the teams we 've beaten have generally been struggling ( exclude Wimbledon from that — but we always seem to thrash them at home ) and those we 've drawn against have been relatively good footballing sides hence the need to comeback after going behind .
[while] there are no ‘ free wins ’ to be had in the premier league ( with the possible exception of swindon ) the teams we 've beaten have generally been struggling ( exclude wimbledon from that — but we always seem to thrash them at home ) and those we 've drawn against have been relatively good footballing sides hence the need to comeback after going behind .

It was good whilst we had it though …
it was good [while] we had it though …

Whilst it is undeniable that Strach is a great player he is approaching his 37th birthday — how much longer can he keep it going . Rocky is the future of the club along with Macca and Speed if he ca n't hold on to him what ganrantee can he offer us that he wo n't unload Macca and gazza soon !
[while] it is undeniable that strach is a great player he is approaching his 37th birthday — how much longer can he keep it going . rocky is the future of the club along with macca and speed if he ca n't hold on to him what ganrantee can he offer us that he wo n't unload macca and gazza soon !

Besides what happens if Rocky goes and then Strach gets injured , who do we have as cover in the midfield — Hodge , he 's hardly played much first team footballer and his whilst his goal scoring skills are fine he is not in the same class as Rocky or Strachan .
besides what happens if rocky goes and then strach gets injured , who do we have as cover in the midfield — hodge , he 's hardly played much first team footballer and his [while] his goal scoring skills are fine he is not in the same class as rocky or strachan .

Important details have been filled in by experiments in channel flow ; transition is promoted by a vibrating ribbon close to one wall whilst flow in the other half of the channel remains undisturbed , so there is close resemblance to a boundary layer .
important details have been filled in by experiments in channel flow ; transition is promoted by a vibrating ribbon close to one wall [while] flow in the other half of the channel remains undisturbed , so there is close resemblance to a boundary layer .

The remainder of the transition process consists of the growth of these local regions of turbulent motion , whilst they travel downstream .
the remainder of the transition process consists of the growth of these local regions of turbulent motion , [while] they travel downstream .

The previously amplifying solution may now become a decaying one ( whilst the previously decaying one always remains so ) .
the previously amplifying solution may now become a decaying one ( [while] the previously decaying one always remains so ) .

When , it is possible for the horizontal concentration variations to be effectively the same as the vertical ones whilst horizontal temperature variations are much reduced from the vertical .
when , it is possible for the horizontal concentration variations to be effectively the same as the vertical ones [while] horizontal temperature variations are much reduced from the vertical .

The choice between these two often depends on the type of experiment ; more successful techniques for velocity measurement have been developed for air than for water , whilst flow visualization is generally more successful in water than in air .
the choice between these two often depends on the type of experiment ; more successful techniques for velocity measurement have been developed for air than for water , [while] flow visualization is generally more successful in water than in air .

It should be added that , whilst pressure measurements are often very useful in wind-tunnel and similar studies , the pressure variations occurring in many experiments , for example in the field of free convection , are too small to be measured .
it should be added that , [while] pressure measurements are often very useful in wind-tunnel and similar studies , the pressure variations occurring in many experiments , for example in the field of free convection , are too small to be measured .

However , even in nominally constant-density flows it may be possible to introduce density differences which are large enough to allow the use of one of these techniques whilst keeping the internal Froude number high enough for the flow to be unaffected .
however , even in nominally constant-density flows it may be possible to introduce density differences which are large enough to allow the use of one of these techniques [while] keeping the internal froude number high enough for the flow to be unaffected .

It must have been hard bringing up three children on your own whilst leading such an insecure existence , opening up and closing down galleries ?
it must have been hard bringing up three children on your own [while] leading such an insecure existence , opening up and closing down galleries ?

Whelan is an extremely good player , but him and deane , whilst individually playing well enough , were nt given the variety of balls that wallace would have demanded from midfield ( ie balls on the ground occasionally ) .
whelan is an extremely good player , but him and deane , [while] individually playing well enough , were nt given the variety of balls that wallace would have demanded from midfield ( ie balls on the ground occasionally ) .

Banks want to achieve profitability whilst maintaining sufficient liquidity .
banks want to achieve profitability [while] maintaining sufficient liquidity .

Some societies expressed doubts about the cost and efficacy of the proposal , whilst others were ready to endorse its extension to all firms .
some societies expressed doubts about the cost and efficacy of the proposal , [while] others were ready to endorse its extension to all firms .

However , whilst asserting that the reporting accountant should already as part of his or her duties be auditing at least two reconciliations in detail they also argued that the process was ‘ highly unlikely to reveal a great deal that the reporting accountant would not otherwise pick up during the year-end work ’ .
however , [while] asserting that the reporting accountant should already as part of his or her duties be auditing at least two reconciliations in detail they also argued that the process was ‘ highly unlikely to reveal a great deal that the reporting accountant would not otherwise pick up during the year-end work ’ .

This echoed the view of a number of solicitor respondents , one of whom argued that sole practitioners should be required to change their accountant annually ; whilst others said sole practitioners should be prohibited from instructioning sole practitioner accountants .
this echoed the view of a number of solicitor respondents , one of whom argued that sole practitioners should be required to change their accountant annually ; [while] others said sole practitioners should be prohibited from instructioning sole practitioner accountants .

One sole practitioner argued that ‘ private clients must take the risk of a business default by a solicitor as they must with any other business ’ ; whilst another commented that capping would be justified ‘ now that solicitors have been turned into a trade with the main considerations being commercial ’ .
one sole practitioner argued that ‘ private clients must take the risk of a business default by a solicitor as they must with any other business ’ ; [while] another commented that capping would be justified ‘ now that solicitors have been turned into a trade with the main considerations being commercial ’ .

However , Furness and District reluctantly concluded that the time had come for the introduction of an annual limit ; whilst Cardiff and District suggested that the question of re-insuring the compensation fund liability be reconsidered .
however , furness and district reluctantly concluded that the time had come for the introduction of an annual limit ; [while] cardiff and district suggested that the question of re-insuring the compensation fund liability be reconsidered .

( d ) a number of respondents supported the idea of prohibiting solicitors from acting where they had a personal interest in a transaction , but not where the interest was that of a family member or employee . Bristol and Liverpool law societies concurred in this approach , whilst Leicestershire felt that the prohibition should relate exclusively to a personal interest on the part of a solicitor ;
( d ) a number of respondents supported the idea of prohibiting solicitors from acting where they had a personal interest in a transaction , but not where the interest was that of a family member or employee . bristol and liverpool law societies concurred in this approach , [while] leicestershire felt that the prohibition should relate exclusively to a personal interest on the part of a solicitor ;

If in partnership , the purchaser 's solicitor could ask another partner in the firm to undertake this responsibility , whilst a sole practitioner could approach a solicitor in another firm .
if in partnership , the purchaser 's solicitor could ask another partner in the firm to undertake this responsibility , [while] a sole practitioner could approach a solicitor in another firm .

Has Olsen said that if they play first team whilst on loan — this will count ?
has olsen said that if they play first team [while] on loan — this will count ?

Intending to complete two weeks of intensive training whilst sailing to Southampton , he was distracted by the food and entertainment , but still managed to cross the Marathon finishing line on Westminster Bridge just over four hours after the starter 's gun had fired .
intending to complete two weeks of intensive training [while] sailing to southampton , he was distracted by the food and entertainment , but still managed to cross the marathon finishing line on westminster bridge just over four hours after the starter 's gun had fired .

‘ Whilst appropriate tools , techniques and procedures are in place to manage traditional paper — based records , there is no equivalent for electronic information generated in office systems .
‘ [while] appropriate tools , techniques and procedures are in place to manage traditional paper — based records , there is no equivalent for electronic information generated in office systems .

Whilst increasing numbers of large organisations are investing in Information Management strategies , many have not .
[while] increasing numbers of large organisations are investing in information management strategies , many have not .

As the media and the information that it carries are increasingly separate so records managers need to master managing virtual records , learning to optimise the immense flexibility this can provide , whilst minimising the potential chaos .
as the media and the information that it carries are increasingly separate so records managers need to master managing virtual records , learning to optimise the immense flexibility this can provide , [while] minimising the potential chaos .

Whilst the latter is often collected and structured for the purposes of analysis , the former are created in administrative processes where the concept of secondary use is usually absent .
[while] the latter is often collected and structured for the purposes of analysis , the former are created in administrative processes where the concept of secondary use is usually absent .

The former removed business from the written sphere altogether , whilst the effects of the latter were more subtle and insidious .
the former removed business from the written sphere altogether , [while] the effects of the latter were more subtle and insidious .

Perhaps archivists are used to seeing records as merely the physical residues of communicative acts in the past whilst librarians have a greater veneration of the Book as a sacred text .
perhaps archivists are used to seeing records as merely the physical residues of communicative acts in the past [while] librarians have a greater veneration of the book as a sacred text .

One senses here institutions coming to terms with maturing technologies whilst awaiting , with some unease , the next wave of change .
one senses here institutions coming to terms with maturing technologies [while] awaiting , with some unease , the next wave of change .

Whilst there is unlikely to be any prescriptive model of such a structure , organisational change will be a feature of the 1990s .
[while] there is unlikely to be any prescriptive model of such a structure , organisational change will be a feature of the 1990s .

Elsewhere it is the disk in a van , whilst the paper document and punch operator still has much work to do .
elsewhere it is the disk in a van , [while] the paper document and punch operator still has much work to do .

Whilst it may possibly have been the intention to increase the amount in the new rates , no provision appears as yet to have been made .
[while] it may possibly have been the intention to increase the amount in the new rates , no provision appears as yet to have been made .

Adjournment is discretional , and whilst this must , of course , be exercised judicially , courts in general expect good reason to be shown before an adjournment will be granted , and will , in particular , consider if the opponent to an application will be prejudiced .
adjournment is discretional , and [while] this must , of course , be exercised judicially , courts in general expect good reason to be shown before an adjournment will be granted , and will , in particular , consider if the opponent to an application will be prejudiced .

Whilst fundamental changes may be demanded by Westminster or Brussels , implementation and supervision will foreseeably remain in Chancery Lane .
[while] fundamental changes may be demanded by westminster or brussels , implementation and supervision will foreseeably remain in chancery lane .

Whilst in many cases firms with more than 20 partners will for reasons of publicity wish to set out their names on the firm 's documentation , there is no compulsion for them so to do ( and beyond a certain number it obviously becomes impracticable ) .
[while] in many cases firms with more than 20 partners will for reasons of publicity wish to set out their names on the firm 's documentation , there is no compulsion for them so to do ( and beyond a certain number it obviously becomes impracticable ) .

Whilst in practice day to day supervision may rest with a single partner or small committee of partners , the rule imposes professional responsibility on every member of a firm to see that each one of its offices is properly supervised .
[while] in practice day to day supervision may rest with a single partner or small committee of partners , the rule imposes professional responsibility on every member of a firm to see that each one of its offices is properly supervised .

( a ) Overseas Practice Rules 1990 Whilst the Solicitors ' Practice Rules only regulate the conduct of solicitors in practice as such in England and Wales , those who practise as solicitors outside that jurisdiction nevertheless remain subject to the authority of the Law Society and must comply with its Overseas Practice Rules .
( a ) overseas practice rules 1990 [while] the solicitors ' practice rules only regulate the conduct of solicitors in practice as such in england and wales , those who practise as solicitors outside that jurisdiction nevertheless remain subject to the authority of the law society and must comply with its overseas practice rules .

Whilst no attempt is made to play down the importance of local rules to meet local needs , the existence of certain shared values is reflected in the provisions of the Code .
[while] no attempt is made to play down the importance of local rules to meet local needs , the existence of certain shared values is reflected in the provisions of the code .

Agreements for fees on a contingency basis , whilst not wholly outlawed , should be subject to professional regulation .
agreements for fees on a contingency basis , [while] not wholly outlawed , should be subject to professional regulation .

Whilst top-up insurance cover will be left to the discretion of individuals and firms , a recognised body corporate will have to effect cover of at least £500,000 on an each and every claim basis ( or £2 million pa on an aggregate basis ) over and above that available to solicitors ' partnerships through the Indemnity Fund .
[while] top-up insurance cover will be left to the discretion of individuals and firms , a recognised body corporate will have to effect cover of at least £500,000 on an each and every claim basis ( or £2 million pa on an aggregate basis ) over and above that available to solicitors ' partnerships through the indemnity fund .

Whilst this section is confined in its application to acts expressly authorised to be done on behalf of a firm , the general law of agency will continue to attach liability to the firm for the unauthorised acts of its employees when those acts are within the course of their normal or apparent activities for the firm .
[while] this section is confined in its application to acts expressly authorised to be done on behalf of a firm , the general law of agency will continue to attach liability to the firm for the unauthorised acts of its employees when those acts are within the course of their normal or apparent activities for the firm .

Whilst an announcement in the London Gazette is good notice to all persons who are not existing clients or creditors , it is always a question of fact as to whether persons who have had dealings with the firm have received sufficient notice of changes .
[while] an announcement in the london gazette is good notice to all persons who are not existing clients or creditors , it is always a question of fact as to whether persons who have had dealings with the firm have received sufficient notice of changes .

Whilst the partnership agreement may well expressly or by implication prohibit a partner from becoming involved in other ( non-competing ) business in an attempt to secure his full time devotion to the firm , breach of such provision will not result in the offending partner becoming accountable in respect of profits earned from that other business .
[while] the partnership agreement may well expressly or by implication prohibit a partner from becoming involved in other ( non-competing ) business in an attempt to secure his full time devotion to the firm , breach of such provision will not result in the offending partner becoming accountable in respect of profits earned from that other business .

Whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .
[while] the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .

While individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill etc ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose restrictions on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or thereafter to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves whilst recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .
while individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill etc ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose restrictions on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or thereafter to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves [while] recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .

All these matters can and should be tackled in the partnership agreement in a way that , whilst not excluding sufficient flexibility to make the particular arrangements fit the precise circumstances of a partner 's departure , at any rate eliminates doubt as to the broad basis from which negotiations should start .
all these matters can and should be tackled in the partnership agreement in a way that , [while] not excluding sufficient flexibility to make the particular arrangements fit the precise circumstances of a partner 's departure , at any rate eliminates doubt as to the broad basis from which negotiations should start .

Whilst no-one can predict with certainty all the problems which will occur during the life of a firm , it is important that certain basic matters be attended to from the outset in relation to the conduct of the partners and their responsibilities .
[while] no-one can predict with certainty all the problems which will occur during the life of a firm , it is important that certain basic matters be attended to from the outset in relation to the conduct of the partners and their responsibilities .

Whilst that may work well enough in a small firm ( though even then the theory may need some adjustment , if only for example to permit decisions to be taken while partners are on holiday ) , the complexity which attends the affairs of all solicitors ' practices of any size will make it impossible to give each of the partners such degrees of freedom or power .
[while] that may work well enough in a small firm ( though even then the theory may need some adjustment , if only for example to permit decisions to be taken while partners are on holiday ) , the complexity which attends the affairs of all solicitors ' practices of any size will make it impossible to give each of the partners such degrees of freedom or power .

( f ) The new partnership agreement Whilst agreements on particular matters should be set down in writing as soon as they have been concluded , that should not be regarded as an adequate substitute for a properly drafted partnership agreement for the new firm to be in place from the outset of business .
( f ) the new partnership agreement [while] agreements on particular matters should be set down in writing as soon as they have been concluded , that should not be regarded as an adequate substitute for a properly drafted partnership agreement for the new firm to be in place from the outset of business .

It is not unknown for senior partners or founding partners to be given an extended period but , whilst opinions may legitimately differ on this , in principle a common retirement age might seem to be less contentious and the lower the age the better .
it is not unknown for senior partners or founding partners to be given an extended period but , [while] opinions may legitimately differ on this , in principle a common retirement age might seem to be less contentious and the lower the age the better .

( d ) The expelled partner Whilst often enough the circumstances will be sufficiently clear for even the most recalcitrant individual to accept his fate , the traumatic nature of the process is highly conducive to acrimony .
( d ) the expelled partner [while] often enough the circumstances will be sufficiently clear for even the most recalcitrant individual to accept his fate , the traumatic nature of the process is highly conducive to acrimony .

Whilst private individuals should have the right to choose a solicitor , a solicitor is not under any professional obligation to accept instructions in any particular case .
[while] private individuals should have the right to choose a solicitor , a solicitor is not under any professional obligation to accept instructions in any particular case .

Whilst pursuant to the Landlord and Tenant Act 1988 the burden is now on the landlord to show that it acted reasonably in withholding consent or in imposing conditions upon its consent , the landlord is entitled to require references , accounts and other relevant financial information .
[while] pursuant to the landlord and tenant act 1988 the burden is now on the landlord to show that it acted reasonably in withholding consent or in imposing conditions upon its consent , the landlord is entitled to require references , accounts and other relevant financial information .

Simon Counsell , FoE 's tropical forest campaigner , said : `` Timber companies controlled from Paris , Brussels and Bonn are ripping the heart out of Africa , whilst the European Community refuses to intervene to control the trade .
simon counsell , foe 's tropical forest campaigner , said : `` timber companies controlled from paris , brussels and bonn are ripping the heart out of africa , [while] the european community refuses to intervene to control the trade .

Discussion of the plant 's problems was impossible whilst the area was a military zone .
discussion of the plant 's problems was impossible [while] the area was a military zone .

Now the ration per airman , meagre as it may have been , was four times for an officer — ie 4lb every other day , The coal compounds were side by side , and whilst the officers ' compound was generally well filled .
now the ration per airman , meagre as it may have been , was four times for an officer — ie 4lb every other day , the coal compounds were side by side , and [while] the officers ' compound was generally well filled .

He must have forgotten there was a wind change , in any case a great mass of sand was blown in the direction of the little Base Camp and smothered the tea swindle but , worse still , it also smothered the various Instructors who were resting whilst the pupils were carrying out a detail in the air .
he must have forgotten there was a wind change , in any case a great mass of sand was blown in the direction of the little base camp and smothered the tea swindle but , worse still , it also smothered the various instructors who were resting [while] the pupils were carrying out a detail in the air .

It is extremely odd to reflect today that whilst the `` boffins `` managed to save the country in 1940 with radar in the Battle of Britain , no parallel device was being developed to help Bomber Command .
it is extremely odd to reflect today that [while] the `` boffins `` managed to save the country in 1940 with radar in the battle of britain , no parallel device was being developed to help bomber command .

Possibly the most terrifying of Rodley 's activities whilst attached to No 5 Group was a remarkable escape from destruction when he took off from Coningsby on a special mining raid , with a full load of Admiralty aerial mines , and suffered engine failure almost immediately after take-off .
possibly the most terrifying of rodley 's activities [while] attached to no 5 group was a remarkable escape from destruction when he took off from coningsby on a special mining raid , with a full load of admiralty aerial mines , and suffered engine failure almost immediately after take-off .

Quite apart from my constant wonder at how crews withstood the enormous pressures about this period ( and that was the early part of 1943 whilst we were learning our craft , or the art , of Pathfinding ) was the great belief that crews had in themselves .
quite apart from my constant wonder at how crews withstood the enormous pressures about this period ( and that was the early part of 1943 [while] we were learning our craft , or the art , of pathfinding ) was the great belief that crews had in themselves .

Indeed the Lucas workers were alarmed to learn that whilst they were facing structural unemployment 3000 people were dying each year for want of a lightweight portable dialysis machine which uses carbon filters and a small microprocessor for patient monitoring .
indeed the lucas workers were alarmed to learn that [while] they were facing structural unemployment 3000 people were dying each year for want of a lightweight portable dialysis machine which uses carbon filters and a small microprocessor for patient monitoring .

Whilst the agreements typically laid down a period of discussion between management and union representatives prior to the introduction of change , there were weaknesses in the terms dealing with provision of information , and early union involvement in decision making , which would have to be altered for effective union influence on the process of change .
[while] the agreements typically laid down a period of discussion between management and union representatives prior to the introduction of change , there were weaknesses in the terms dealing with provision of information , and early union involvement in decision making , which would have to be altered for effective union influence on the process of change .

Nothing is known about the first 7 years of this person 's life , and whilst only scattered information exists about the middle span , we know that only at the age 42 did the Earth begin to flower .
nothing is known about the first 7 years of this person 's life , and [while] only scattered information exists about the middle span , we know that only at the age 42 did the earth begin to flower .

The first of these was chosen because it is by far the shortest sentence of the story , whilst the remaining two contain , respectively , explicit and symbolic allusions to death .
the first of these was chosen because it is by far the shortest sentence of the story , [while] the remaining two contain , respectively , explicit and symbolic allusions to death .

Much confusion and ‘ disinformation ’ prevail concerning the issue of people retaining entitlement to benefits whilst participating in training schemes such as Training Links ( Worknet ) .
much confusion and ‘ disinformation ’ prevail concerning the issue of people retaining entitlement to benefits [while] participating in training schemes such as training links ( worknet ) .

Whilst the sea front and the Promenade are strong features of Colwyn Bay , they do not have the monopoly of all amenities .
[while] the sea front and the promenade are strong features of colwyn bay , they do not have the monopoly of all amenities .

For the family there is a free exhibition of all aspects of the reservoir and its wildlife , whilst youngsters can face the challenge of the adventure playground .
for the family there is a free exhibition of all aspects of the reservoir and its wildlife , [while] youngsters can face the challenge of the adventure playground .

Caerleon , the legionary fortress of Isca , boasts the atmospheric remains of a Roman amphitheatre and baths complex , whilst in the beautiful Wye Valley can be found the substantial ruins of Tintern Abbey and Chepstow Castle .
caerleon , the legionary fortress of isca , boasts the atmospheric remains of a roman amphitheatre and baths complex , [while] in the beautiful wye valley can be found the substantial ruins of tintern abbey and chepstow castle .

" But , my dear , there is no way that danger may be avoided whilst this dreadful siege lasts . "
" but , my dear , there is no way that danger may be avoided [while] this dreadful siege lasts . "

The Grand offers many modern facilities whilst retaining its Victorian grandeur .
the grand offers many modern facilities [while] retaining its victorian grandeur .

Magnificent medieval cathedrals dominate the skylines of Lichfield , Worcester and Gloucester , whilst Coventry 's spectacular modern cathedral was built in the 1960s alongside the ruins of the old .
magnificent medieval cathedrals dominate the skylines of lichfield , worcester and gloucester , [while] coventry 's spectacular modern cathedral was built in the 1960s alongside the ruins of the old .

Thus El Salvador , Costa Rica and Honduras , whilst third parties to the contentious proceedings before the International Court , were asserted by the United States to be parties to the wider dispute .
thus el salvador , costa rica and honduras , [while] third parties to the contentious proceedings before the international court , were asserted by the united states to be parties to the wider dispute .

For years they have marched , waved flags and mouthed slogans whilst the people elected them to offices of wealth and privilege .
for years they have marched , waved flags and mouthed slogans [while] the people elected them to offices of wealth and privilege .

Indeed the careerist political prostitutes have grown fat on the crumbs thrown from Westminster 's groaning table of goodies , whilst our people have faced the hard cold reality of deprivation , poverty , unemployment and even the daily threat of death at the unshackled hands of the Marxist terrorists .
indeed the careerist political prostitutes have grown fat on the crumbs thrown from westminster 's groaning table of goodies , [while] our people have faced the hard cold reality of deprivation , poverty , unemployment and even the daily threat of death at the unshackled hands of the marxist terrorists .

The Other Israel whilst seeking to expose the hidden truth regarding the Jews is not anti-Jewish and openly condemns nazism and its fellow travellers .
the other israel [while] seeking to expose the hidden truth regarding the jews is not anti-jewish and openly condemns nazism and its fellow travellers .

Sadly , this ceremony was destined to be the last visit to School by Sir Geoffry Christie-Miller , who died suddenly a fortnight later whilst on a cruise to the West Indies .
sadly , this ceremony was destined to be the last visit to school by sir geoffry christie-miller , who died suddenly a fortnight later [while] on a cruise to the west indies .

Ironically , two great predecessors , Mallory and Irvine , died whilst attempting the same route in 1924 .
ironically , two great predecessors , mallory and irvine , died [while] attempting the same route in 1924 .

Whilst information is as complete as possible there will undoubtedly be additional interesting facts that need recording , and anyone having such knowledge is invited to write to me .
[while] information is as complete as possible there will undoubtedly be additional interesting facts that need recording , and anyone having such knowledge is invited to write to me .

No bird flocks were seen by either of the pilots whilst taxi-ing to the active runway .
no bird flocks were seen by either of the pilots [while] taxi-ing to the active runway .

The newsreader describes the starvation of tens of thousands whilst we automatically notice the colour of his tie and shirt , and comment on it .
the newsreader describes the starvation of tens of thousands [while] we automatically notice the colour of his tie and shirt , and comment on it .

In practice a stage is quite often reached at which , whilst the requisite number of members have not yet been elected , no candidate is left who can reach the quota .
in practice a stage is quite often reached at which , [while] the requisite number of members have not yet been elected , no candidate is left who can reach the quota .

For instance , in the South-East region ( as defined in the relevant edition of the Times Guide to the House of Commons ) the Liberals won none of the 40 seats , Labour took only three , whilst the Conservatives — for less than half the total constituency votes — bagged all the rest .
for instance , in the south-east region ( as defined in the relevant edition of the times guide to the house of commons ) the liberals won none of the 40 seats , labour took only three , [while] the conservatives — for less than half the total constituency votes — bagged all the rest .

But thanks to their 28 victories in the constituencies the Conservatives would have had nine seats ( 28 minus 19 ) too many , whilst from the pool of ten additional seats it would have been impossible to furnish both the nine additional seats due to Labour ( 11 minus two won in constituencies ) and the ten additional seats owing to the Liberals .
but thanks to their 28 victories in the constituencies the conservatives would have had nine seats ( 28 minus 19 ) too many , [while] from the pool of ten additional seats it would have been impossible to furnish both the nine additional seats due to labour ( 11 minus two won in constituencies ) and the ten additional seats owing to the liberals .

Classical physics tends to express things in terms of second order differential equations , that is ones involving the rate of change of a rate of change , whilst [ 9 ] is first order — it just incorporates a simple rate of change .
classical physics tends to express things in terms of second order differential equations , that is ones involving the rate of change of a rate of change , [while] [ 9 ] is first order — it just incorporates a simple rate of change .

The one would propose clever trick after clever trick to beat the Heisenberg relation , whilst the other would show with equal persistence that further thought revealed a flaw in each successive suggestion .
the one would propose clever trick after clever trick to beat the heisenberg relation , [while] the other would show with equal persistence that further thought revealed a flaw in each successive suggestion .

It would be possible to suppose , for instance , that the true Schrödinger-like equation , whatever it is , involves non-linearities which enforce a violation of the superposition principle for very complex systems , whilst essentially preserving it for simple systems to which we have actually applied quantum mechanics .
it would be possible to suppose , for instance , that the true schrödinger-like equation , whatever it is , involves non-linearities which enforce a violation of the superposition principle for very complex systems , [while] essentially preserving it for simple systems to which we have actually applied quantum mechanics .

It has often been a surprise to discover the presence of an extensive spread of buildings well beyond the enclosure , this lack of awareness has led occasionally to their discovery all too late , whilst they were being ravaged by development .
it has often been a surprise to discover the presence of an extensive spread of buildings well beyond the enclosure , this lack of awareness has led occasionally to their discovery all too late , [while] they were being ravaged by development .

As Rawls remarks , liberalism insists upon the priority of ‘ the right ’ over ‘ the good ’ , that is , it upholds the right to choose whilst remaining agnostic on the question of the best path to follow .
as rawls remarks , liberalism insists upon the priority of ‘ the right ’ over ‘ the good ’ , that is , it upholds the right to choose [while] remaining agnostic on the question of the best path to follow .

Some say that any serious promise should count , whilst others insist that there should be an intention to enter legal relations ; meanwhile other theorists prefer the language of agreement and consent to that of promises and intention .
some say that any serious promise should count , [while] others insist that there should be an intention to enter legal relations ; meanwhile other theorists prefer the language of agreement and consent to that of promises and intention .

Whilst choice theories firmly limit the range of legal obligations to the parties to an agreement , the ‘ harm to interests ’ theory envisages a broader range of obligations owed not only to persons who have chosen to enter an agreement together but also to anyone whose interests are subjected to the risk of harm .
[while] choice theories firmly limit the range of legal obligations to the parties to an agreement , the ‘ harm to interests ’ theory envisages a broader range of obligations owed not only to persons who have chosen to enter an agreement together but also to anyone whose interests are subjected to the risk of harm .

Whilst it is not inconsistent for liberals to hold a theory of distributive justice , for in a sense any advocacy of the free market implies certain distributive consequences , the ‘ harm to interests ’ theorists can not deny that their theory of obligation rests entirely upon a cryptic theory of distributive justice rather than an extrapolation of fundamental precepts of liberalism .
[while] it is not inconsistent for liberals to hold a theory of distributive justice , for in a sense any advocacy of the free market implies certain distributive consequences , the ‘ harm to interests ’ theorists can not deny that their theory of obligation rests entirely upon a cryptic theory of distributive justice rather than an extrapolation of fundamental precepts of liberalism .

On the other hand , the ‘ harm to interests ’ theory redistributes losses arising within complex relations of economic interdependence , whilst avoiding destruction of this advanced division of labour by excessive liabilities .
on the other hand , the ‘ harm to interests ’ theory redistributes losses arising within complex relations of economic interdependence , [while] avoiding destruction of this advanced division of labour by excessive liabilities .

The legal model has one further method by which it attempts to balance the desirability of going to the managers of the company substantial discretionary power so that they have sufficient flexibility to act effectively , whilst at the same time minimizing the danger that the existence of such discretion creates , which is that it will be used arbitrarily .
the legal model has one further method by which it attempts to balance the desirability of going to the managers of the company substantial discretionary power so that they have sufficient flexibility to act effectively , [while] at the same time minimizing the danger that the existence of such discretion creates , which is that it will be used arbitrarily .

The directors are , firstly , made accountable to the shareholders by structuring the internal division of power within the company so that the shareholders have the power to appoint and dismiss directors and to supervise them whilst in office .
the directors are , firstly , made accountable to the shareholders by structuring the internal division of power within the company so that the shareholders have the power to appoint and dismiss directors and to supervise them [while] in office .

The object is to organize the internal structure of the company so that , whilst the directors as the managers of the company are given ample discretionary power to operate the company effectively , they are nevertheless obliged to exercise that power in the interests of the owners of the company .
the object is to organize the internal structure of the company so that , [while] the directors as the managers of the company are given ample discretionary power to operate the company effectively , they are nevertheless obliged to exercise that power in the interests of the owners of the company .

But once the size of companies expanded further it was very easy to accommodate the fact that whilst directors remained responsible for the formulation of the overall policy of the company the ordinary management was entrusted to executives .
but once the size of companies expanded further it was very easy to accommodate the fact that [while] directors remained responsible for the formulation of the overall policy of the company the ordinary management was entrusted to executives .

One analysis of the function of these duties is that they ensure that the directors of the company have sufficient discretion and flexibility to be able to manage the company efficiently , whilst precluding them from exercising this discretion contrary to the interests of the shareholders .
one analysis of the function of these duties is that they ensure that the directors of the company have sufficient discretion and flexibility to be able to manage the company efficiently , [while] precluding them from exercising this discretion contrary to the interests of the shareholders .

The duty of loyalty has generally been invoked to prevent directors from having a personal financial interest in a decision , whilst the duty to act not for any improper purpose has sometimes been invoked to rule out decisions where directors have some other sort of personal but not directly financial interest in the decision .
the duty of loyalty has generally been invoked to prevent directors from having a personal financial interest in a decision , [while] the duty to act not for any improper purpose has sometimes been invoked to rule out decisions where directors have some other sort of personal but not directly financial interest in the decision .

Thus s.309 of the Companies Act 1985 does not regard the interests of the employees and the shareholders of the company as irrecon-cilably opposed , expecting the directors to be able to take the interests of the employees into account whilst performing their duties to the company , including the shareholders .
thus s.309 of the companies act 1985 does not regard the interests of the employees and the shareholders of the company as irrecon-cilably opposed , expecting the directors to be able to take the interests of the employees into account [while] performing their duties to the company , including the shareholders .

The public rooms are spacious and light include lounge area , cocktail bar complete with piano , Café Barbizon where you can obtain tempting snacks and afternoon tea and cakes whilst their restaurant offers a high standard of service and cuisine specialising in both local and international dishes .
the public rooms are spacious and light include lounge area , cocktail bar complete with piano , café barbizon where you can obtain tempting snacks and afternoon tea and cakes [while] their restaurant offers a high standard of service and cuisine specialising in both local and international dishes .

Whilst Amsterdam is undoubtedly the most renowned short break destination , the Hague and Delft offer a delightful short break alternative .
[while] amsterdam is undoubtedly the most renowned short break destination , the hague and delft offer a delightful short break alternative .

He noted a marked increase in exhibitions devoted to modern decorative arts : in 1995 the Art Institute of Chicago , for example , will be presenting a show on twentieth-century British silversmiths whilst the current series of design exhibitions at the Bauhaus Archive has included one on metalwork .
he noted a marked increase in exhibitions devoted to modern decorative arts : in 1995 the art institute of chicago , for example , will be presenting a show on twentieth-century british silversmiths [while] the current series of design exhibitions at the bauhaus archive has included one on metalwork .

The Roman authorities intend to refurbish the Casina delle Civette at Villa Torlonia , which already has splendid Art Nouveau furnishings and stained glass , to house twentieth-century decorative arts , whilst the Ministry has decided to allocate the Villino Boncompagni , near Via Veneto , to the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna for a similar museum .
the roman authorities intend to refurbish the casina delle civette at villa torlonia , which already has splendid art nouveau furnishings and stained glass , to house twentieth-century decorative arts , [while] the ministry has decided to allocate the villino boncompagni , near via veneto , to the galleria nazionale d'arte moderna for a similar museum .

Ernst Caramelle 's work is on show at Crousel-Robelin-Bama until 20 October , whilst Paul Rebeyrolle is exhibiting at two galleries , Lelong and Templon , until 17 October .
ernst caramelle 's work is on show at crousel-robelin-bama until 20 october , [while] paul rebeyrolle is exhibiting at two galleries , lelong and templon , until 17 october .

In 1972 , 41 % of women over 16 were daily cigarette smokers ( a figure that had been fairly constant since the 1950s ) whilst in 1986 that figure was 31 % , compared with 52 % and 35 % for men [ 1 ] : this has given rise to the assumption that women find it more difficult to give up smoking than men .
in 1972 , 41 % of women over 16 were daily cigarette smokers ( a figure that had been fairly constant since the 1950s ) [while] in 1986 that figure was 31 % , compared with 52 % and 35 % for men [ 1 ] : this has given rise to the assumption that women find it more difficult to give up smoking than men .

Despite this apparent discrepancy in cessation rates , it would appear that women give up at a rate very similar to men 's : women almost exclusively smoke ( and therefore give up ) cigarettes , whilst men sometimes switch from cigarettes to a pipe or cigars [ 2 ] .
despite this apparent discrepancy in cessation rates , it would appear that women give up at a rate very similar to men 's : women almost exclusively smoke ( and therefore give up ) cigarettes , [while] men sometimes switch from cigarettes to a pipe or cigars [ 2 ] .

Perhaps this can be made clearer by taking the specific example of somebody who has an anxiety attack whilst shopping in a supermarket .
perhaps this can be made clearer by taking the specific example of somebody who has an anxiety attack [while] shopping in a supermarket .

Some people can get by on three or four hours a night whilst others seem to need much more .
some people can get by on three or four hours a night [while] others seem to need much more .

Whilst the student grant contains a fixed amount for housing , it is generally regarded as well below market rates that , of course , vary according to area .
[while] the student grant contains a fixed amount for housing , it is generally regarded as well below market rates that , of course , vary according to area .

So , whilst they may encourage an atmosphere of informal comradeship and sociable learning , college teachers are not your equals and you should not expect them to treat you as such .
so , [while] they may encourage an atmosphere of informal comradeship and sociable learning , college teachers are not your equals and you should not expect them to treat you as such .

You need to come to terms with the fact that whilst time is objectively finite and inelastic , you know from personal experience that time can seem highly elastic .
you need to come to terms with the fact that [while] time is objectively finite and inelastic , you know from personal experience that time can seem highly elastic .

Research evidence shows that , whilst human adults vary greatly in their intellectual curiosity and their levels of mental energy , most of us learn by the unconscious process of internalizing knowledge , skills or attitudes that have a more-or-less permanent effect on our subsequent behaviour .
research evidence shows that , [while] human adults vary greatly in their intellectual curiosity and their levels of mental energy , most of us learn by the unconscious process of internalizing knowledge , skills or attitudes that have a more-or-less permanent effect on our subsequent behaviour .

Because the majority of college lecturers are probably afraid that they might lose their students if they abandoned lectures whilst the rest of their colleagues retained them as the primary teaching method .
because the majority of college lecturers are probably afraid that they might lose their students if they abandoned lectures [while] the rest of their colleagues retained them as the primary teaching method .

Train one part of your mind to listen acutely whilst another part maintains a silent , critical dialogue with the lecturer — posing questions and noting marginal comments for later follow-up ( Meaning ?
train one part of your mind to listen acutely [while] another part maintains a silent , critical dialogue with the lecturer — posing questions and noting marginal comments for later follow-up ( meaning ?

Here again , whilst formal logic will not necessarily solve the problem , there are several clues contained within the problem itself .
here again , [while] formal logic will not necessarily solve the problem , there are several clues contained within the problem itself .

The distinction is more clearly seen by analogy with breathing and eating : both are instinctive — yet , whilst nobody shows us how to breathe , learning to take sustenance is more problematic .
the distinction is more clearly seen by analogy with breathing and eating : both are instinctive — yet , [while] nobody shows us how to breathe , learning to take sustenance is more problematic .

Love within a partnership in which , for one of you , the love is still there and yearning to grow and develop , whilst for the other , it 's gone , it 's over , it 's finished .
love within a partnership in which , for one of you , the love is still there and yearning to grow and develop , [while] for the other , it 's gone , it 's over , it 's finished .

Commissioners normally have fixed-term posts at given salaries whilst civil servants move from post to post .
commissioners normally have fixed-term posts at given salaries [while] civil servants move from post to post .

But before we move on to institutional questions , we should recognize that whilst figure 2.1 illustrates a natural monopoly , it by no means exhausts the possibilities .
but before we move on to institutional questions , we should recognize that [while] figure 2.1 illustrates a natural monopoly , it by no means exhausts the possibilities .

This is fairly clear intuitively , since the first part implies subadditivity in each product line , whilst the second part means that it is cheaper to produce the set of products together .
this is fairly clear intuitively , since the first part implies subadditivity in each product line , [while] the second part means that it is cheaper to produce the set of products together .

Really , this is another way of saying that capital is sunk , but for a short period of time , because whilst the plane is in use it is not available for alternative flights .
really , this is another way of saying that capital is sunk , but for a short period of time , because [while] the plane is in use it is not available for alternative flights .

Section 3.4 provides a rather briefer coverage of internal relationships , whilst section 3.5 contains some concluding remarks .
section 3.4 provides a rather briefer coverage of internal relationships , [while] section 3.5 contains some concluding remarks .

More sensibly , it is quite possible that the manager is not earning returns as high as shareholders would like , yet that because it is costly for shareholders to gain enough additional information to improve the situation sufficiently to make it worthwhile whilst acting rationally , they appear passive .
more sensibly , it is quite possible that the manager is not earning returns as high as shareholders would like , yet that because it is costly for shareholders to gain enough additional information to improve the situation sufficiently to make it worthwhile [while] acting rationally , they appear passive .

Shareholders invest their capital in the firm , whilst employees invest their human capital .
shareholders invest their capital in the firm , [while] employees invest their human capital .

Whilst full understanding of a text is an immensely difficult and contentious problem ( there are few agreed definitions of the word ’ understanding ’ ) the present project aims ’ only ’ to recognise text .
[while] full understanding of a text is an immensely difficult and contentious problem ( there are few agreed definitions of the word ’ understanding ’ ) the present project aims ’ only ’ to recognise text .

The syntactic analyser identifies the most syntactically acceptable word strings , whilst the semantic analyser identifies the most semantically plausible .
the syntactic analyser identifies the most syntactically acceptable word strings , [while] the semantic analyser identifies the most semantically plausible .

We find that a proportion of these definition words will be relevant to the domain of banking ( as defined by membership of the domain wordlist ) , whilst the remainder will not ( or have negligible relevance ) .
we find that a proportion of these definition words will be relevant to the domain of banking ( as defined by membership of the domain wordlist ) , [while] the remainder will not ( or have negligible relevance ) .

Certain words , such as ’ lend ’ , ’ property ’ and ’ advance ’ are highly associated with the node ( ’ mortgage ’ ) ; whilst ’ advice ’ and ’ term ’ show a weaker association .
certain words , such as ’ lend ’ , ’ property ’ and ’ advance ’ are highly associated with the node ( ’ mortgage ’ ) ; [while] ’ advice ’ and ’ term ’ show a weaker association .

In many word positions the overlap process was biased since the correct word appeared in the collocation dictionary whilst the alternative candidates did not . Only the fair comparisons should be submitted to statistical analysis , and these fall into two categories :
in many word positions the overlap process was biased since the correct word appeared in the collocation dictionary [while] the alternative candidates did not . only the fair comparisons should be submitted to statistical analysis , and these fall into two categories :

They have little experience of the style of presentation in higher courts ‘ and it matters ’ and whilst a number of solicitors are extremely good others ‘ let themselves down in court ’ and in doing so let down the solicitors ' branch of the profession as a whole .
they have little experience of the style of presentation in higher courts ‘ and it matters ’ and [while] a number of solicitors are extremely good others ‘ let themselves down in court ’ and in doing so let down the solicitors ' branch of the profession as a whole .

At the time of writing , committee member Jill Hewett is holding the fort in Convocation Office several mornings a week , whilst we seek a replacement .
at the time of writing , committee member jill hewett is holding the fort in convocation office several mornings a week , [while] we seek a replacement .

It seems likely that whatever happens we will miss one year whilst these discussions take place .
it seems likely that whatever happens we will miss one year [while] these discussions take place .

Hence a major factor predisposing urban and rural families to poverty was the low pay of men and the still lower pay of women , whilst they were in regular work .
hence a major factor predisposing urban and rural families to poverty was the low pay of men and the still lower pay of women , [while] they were in regular work .

But the very poor could not afford to lose their children 's wages or their care of younger children whilst mothers worked .
but the very poor could not afford to lose their children 's wages or their care of younger children [while] mothers worked .

There was mounting working-class pressure against increasing such taxes which , it was argued , were contributed disproportionately by those least able to pay , whilst the rich paid a tiny proportion of their wealth and income in taxation .
there was mounting working-class pressure against increasing such taxes which , it was argued , were contributed disproportionately by those least able to pay , [while] the rich paid a tiny proportion of their wealth and income in taxation .

Whilst Bowley and others investigated urban poverty , Rowntree became increasingly concerned about rural conditions and the drift from the land which he and others believed both increased urban problems and diminished the nation 's capacity for self-support .
[while] bowley and others investigated urban poverty , rowntree became increasingly concerned about rural conditions and the drift from the land which he and others believed both increased urban problems and diminished the nation 's capacity for self-support .

It was argued that this arrangement would make the scheme more popular both with contributors and with advocates of self-help , since contributors would appear to be financing their own benefits , whilst experiencing a form of training in saving .
it was argued that this arrangement would make the scheme more popular both with contributors and with advocates of self-help , since contributors would appear to be financing their own benefits , [while] experiencing a form of training in saving .

’ The Majority , whilst also favouring discipline for the poor , argued that voluntary workers would respond more flexibly to need than those limited by state regulations .
’ the majority , [while] also favouring discipline for the poor , argued that voluntary workers would respond more flexibly to need than those limited by state regulations .

’ It is wrong to represent the Majority Report as standing on the side of ‘ reaction ’ , whilst the Minority carried the red flag of progress .
’ it is wrong to represent the majority report as standing on the side of ‘ reaction ’ , [while] the minority carried the red flag of progress .

Whilst everyone in Parcelforce is working hard to give you the best possible service , we do sometimes make mistakes . However , the main causes of parcels becoming damaged or going astray are the following :
[while] everyone in parcelforce is working hard to give you the best possible service , we do sometimes make mistakes . however , the main causes of parcels becoming damaged or going astray are the following :

For parcels to Jersey , the maximum weight is 10kg whilst the maximum dimensions are 1.07m length and 2.0m length and girth combined .
for parcels to jersey , the maximum weight is 10kg [while] the maximum dimensions are 1.07m length and 2.0m length and girth combined .

The hotel , which is decorated in colonial style , offers endless culinary opportunities with its three restaurants and there is the gamut of watersports available including mini-sailing , windsurfing and water-skiing , whilst deep sea fishing trips and temporary membership with the local squash and golf club can also be arranged .
the hotel , which is decorated in colonial style , offers endless culinary opportunities with its three restaurants and there is the gamut of watersports available including mini-sailing , windsurfing and water-skiing , [while] deep sea fishing trips and temporary membership with the local squash and golf club can also be arranged .

This classic Spanish revival building is unique in its elegance and flamboyance , whilst also being within easy reach of many major attractions , including Universal Studios , Disneyland , Beverly Hills and the Hollywood Bowl .
this classic spanish revival building is unique in its elegance and flamboyance , [while] also being within easy reach of many major attractions , including universal studios , disneyland , beverly hills and the hollywood bowl .

During 1992 two major festivals pay tribute to the life and times of hero Robin Hood whilst , throughout the summer , a host of events will celebrate the part played by local folk during the tumultuous years of the English Civil War .
during 1992 two major festivals pay tribute to the life and times of hero robin hood [while] , throughout the summer , a host of events will celebrate the part played by local folk during the tumultuous years of the english civil war .

With consumption in Great Britain averaging 114kg ( 250lb ) per head per annum , incidentally the highest consumption figure in Europe , most of the crop is consumed in this country ; some potatoes are exported whilst the remainder are held back for use as a seed to produce the following year 's crop .
with consumption in great britain averaging 114kg ( 250lb ) per head per annum , incidentally the highest consumption figure in europe , most of the crop is consumed in this country ; some potatoes are exported [while] the remainder are held back for use as a seed to produce the following year 's crop .

The Burgundians thought that eating too many potatoes caused leprosy , the Prussians believed that they were responsible for the dreaded consumption , whilst the Russians simply said that they were food sent from the devil .
the burgundians thought that eating too many potatoes caused leprosy , the prussians believed that they were responsible for the dreaded consumption , [while] the russians simply said that they were food sent from the devil .

Whilst some users prefer Pentland Dell , other varieties such as Maris Piper , Pentland Crown , Pentland Hawk , Pentland Squire and Wilja are used at many plants .
[while] some users prefer pentland dell , other varieties such as maris piper , pentland crown , pentland hawk , pentland squire and wilja are used at many plants .

Whilst most of the maincrop varieties of potatoes are suitable for baking , Maris Piper , King Edward , Désirée and Cara are especially good for this purpose .
[while] most of the maincrop varieties of potatoes are suitable for baking , maris piper , king edward , désirée and cara are especially good for this purpose .

The next four instruments depend for their efficacy upon incorporation into contracts , though a codification of custom and usage could perhaps be relied on as the best evidence of custom and usage and as such be imported by implication into a contract , whilst the adoption of general contractual conditions is not the exclusive prerogative of private parties but can also be achieved by embodiment in bilateral or multilateral Conventions implemented by dispositive legislation in the various participating States .
the next four instruments depend for their efficacy upon incorporation into contracts , though a codification of custom and usage could perhaps be relied on as the best evidence of custom and usage and as such be imported by implication into a contract , [while] the adoption of general contractual conditions is not the exclusive prerogative of private parties but can also be achieved by embodiment in bilateral or multilateral conventions implemented by dispositive legislation in the various participating states .

Again , this pressure was resisted by the Study Group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that whilst some provisions of the Convention would be appropriate to both types of lease , the primary function of the Convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a substantial degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .
again , this pressure was resisted by the study group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that [while] some provisions of the convention would be appropriate to both types of lease , the primary function of the convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a substantial degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .

Since a Convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the Convention contains no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the Convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the Convention .
since a convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws [while] the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the convention contains no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the convention .

It is human nature to advocate change in someone else 's affairs whilst vigorously opposing its necessity in one 's own .
it is human nature to advocate change in someone else 's affairs [while] vigorously opposing its necessity in one 's own .

Whilst you 're a student , you may find that you 're often thought of as a stereotype — hardworking , humourless academic , single-minded radical or easy-living perpetual partygoer .
[while] you 're a student , you may find that you 're often thought of as a stereotype — hardworking , humourless academic , single-minded radical or easy-living perpetual partygoer .

Whilst you 're a student you will be living on a limited income so it 's important to make your money work for you all the time .
[while] you 're a student you will be living on a limited income so it 's important to make your money work for you all the time .

You can apply for a card with a spending limit of £250 at any time while you 're a student — just ask for a copy of the leaflet ‘ Whilst you are there — Midland Access ’ at any of our branches .
you can apply for a card with a spending limit of £250 at any time while you 're a student — just ask for a copy of the leaflet ‘ [while] you are there — midland access ’ at any of our branches .

Many students find it difficult to obtain insurance cover for their belongings whilst they 're lining in digs or halls of residence .
many students find it difficult to obtain insurance cover for their belongings [while] they 're lining in digs or halls of residence .

Whilst we ask you to make regular monthly repayments , these can be for any sum from 1/10th to 1/25th of your borrowing limit to suit your pocket , and you can change the amount at any time .
[while] we ask you to make regular monthly repayments , these can be for any sum from 1/10th to 1/25th of your borrowing limit to suit your pocket , and you can change the amount at any time .

For many people it is a matter of looking around for the car they want and then frantically trying to arrange the finance , whilst the ‘ offer ’ still holds .
for many people it is a matter of looking around for the car they want and then frantically trying to arrange the finance , [while] the ‘ offer ’ still holds .

There will be some months when there are only a few , relatively small bills to pay , whilst other months — especially during winter — will find you having to pay our much larger sums .
there will be some months when there are only a few , relatively small bills to pay , [while] other months — especially during winter — will find you having to pay our much larger sums .

The larger outlets use a security carrier to deliver cash to Midland 's local Cash Centres , whilst the smaller stations use the counter service at their local Midland branches .
the larger outlets use a security carrier to deliver cash to midland 's local cash centres , [while] the smaller stations use the counter service at their local midland branches .

Whilst cutting her garden hedge with a chainsaw one recent summer , a woman slipped and lost her grip .
[while] cutting her garden hedge with a chainsaw one recent summer , a woman slipped and lost her grip .

Please note that , whilst the above are not actual statements made by a serious accident victim , they have been selected because we believe they give a fair representation of the kind of problems which may occur after an accident .
please note that , [while] the above are not actual statements made by a serious accident victim , they have been selected because we believe they give a fair representation of the kind of problems which may occur after an accident .

Necessary as legislation was in terms of public safety , for years it was unattractive to Ministers since it required considerable expenditure whilst at the same time being unlikely to attract any votes .
necessary as legislation was in terms of public safety , for years it was unattractive to ministers since it required considerable expenditure [while] at the same time being unlikely to attract any votes .

Whilst it is true that parole was advocated in Crime — a challenge to us all , it is true also that in the consensual politics of the day party study groups drew freely upon the available sources of expertise and received wisdom : the penal services themselves , the legal and academic communities , penal reform and other related interest groups , and published material from official or academic sources .
[while] it is true that parole was advocated in crime — a challenge to us all , it is true also that in the consensual politics of the day party study groups drew freely upon the available sources of expertise and received wisdom : the penal services themselves , the legal and academic communities , penal reform and other related interest groups , and published material from official or academic sources .

Whilst the provisions authorizing the early release on parole of prisoners under supervision and subject to recall had been generally welcomed in Parliament , as was the power to suspend sentences , two items provoked controversy .
[while] the provisions authorizing the early release on parole of prisoners under supervision and subject to recall had been generally welcomed in parliament , as was the power to suspend sentences , two items provoked controversy .

Before the financial axe fell in 1976 , occasional shafts of light shone through the darkening sky : the old women 's prison at Holloway was demolished and replaced on the same site by a completely new prison stressing medical supervision ; whilst at Grendon Underwood the Prison Service pioneered a special establishment for the treatment and management of mentally abnormal offenders who had been sentenced to imprisonment .
before the financial axe fell in 1976 , occasional shafts of light shone through the darkening sky : the old women 's prison at holloway was demolished and replaced on the same site by a completely new prison stressing medical supervision ; [while] at grendon underwood the prison service pioneered a special establishment for the treatment and management of mentally abnormal offenders who had been sentenced to imprisonment .

Deltic ‘ Tulyar ’ and the Class 45 have been away from the Centre attending Laira Open Day , whilst Class 44 ‘ Great Gable ’ and Class 24 ‘ Experiment ’ attended the Cambridge Open Day .
deltic ‘ tulyar ’ and the class 45 have been away from the centre attending laira open day , [while] class 44 ‘ great gable ’ and class 24 ‘ experiment ’ attended the cambridge open day .

Their annual autumn celebration of English Apples and Cider , organised locally and involving many people , has been chosen as one of nine European projects which are seeking to develop tourism whilst respecting the environment and rural cultural values .
their annual autumn celebration of english apples and cider , organised locally and involving many people , has been chosen as one of nine european projects which are seeking to develop tourism [while] respecting the environment and rural cultural values .

Whilst it was many centuries before flint sickles were replaced with iron scythes and reap hooks , it was only a few more years before reapers , when self binders and then combines were introduced .
[while] it was many centuries before flint sickles were replaced with iron scythes and reap hooks , it was only a few more years before reapers , when self binders and then combines were introduced .

Whilst cultural methods might be used to reduce the impact of some insect pests , they are by no means a reliable control and biological control of field pests is no than a pipe-dream at present .
[while] cultural methods might be used to reduce the impact of some insect pests , they are by no means a reliable control and biological control of field pests is no than a pipe-dream at present .

Whilst the dates of Autumn sales for disposal of breeding stock may be the final factor .
[while] the dates of autumn sales for disposal of breeding stock may be the final factor .

The birds may also provide a useful function in controlling insect pests , whilst their droppings may improve the fertility of the soil .
the birds may also provide a useful function in controlling insect pests , [while] their droppings may improve the fertility of the soil .

In turn the pigs may actually improve tree growth with their manure , whilst obtaining extra feed from tree clippings and grass .
in turn the pigs may actually improve tree growth with their manure , [while] obtaining extra feed from tree clippings and grass .

Whilst improving the welfare of animals and practically and economically enhancing pig and poultry keeping outdoors , sylvopastoral systems may be kinder to the environment too !
[while] improving the welfare of animals and practically and economically enhancing pig and poultry keeping outdoors , sylvopastoral systems may be kinder to the environment too !

Often the farmers ' produce was subsidised to give him a living whilst another subsidy on the food in the shops kept prices artificially low — so wages could be pegged too .
often the farmers ' produce was subsidised to give him a living [while] another subsidy on the food in the shops kept prices artificially low — so wages could be pegged too .

Kenya 's dilemma then became that of finding how to make foreigners welcome whilst forcing them to bring their own capital .
kenya 's dilemma then became that of finding how to make foreigners welcome [while] forcing them to bring their own capital .

They are also aware of the need to make their establishments bright and cheerful with all the modern conveniences , whilst also preserving the spirit and traditions of the inns of older times .
they are also aware of the need to make their establishments bright and cheerful with all the modern conveniences , [while] also preserving the spirit and traditions of the inns of older times .

Extremes in hair style are not advocated whilst on duty .
extremes in hair style are not advocated [while] on duty .

If a group arrives in the morning before the housekeeping department has had time to clean and service all the rooms , then the group must be made comfortable whilst waiting to gain access to their rooms .
if a group arrives in the morning before the housekeeping department has had time to clean and service all the rooms , then the group must be made comfortable [while] waiting to gain access to their rooms .

When dealing with an enquiry , the call can be held whilst the enquiry is being made .
when dealing with an enquiry , the call can be held [while] the enquiry is being made .

Messages can be received and transmitted automatically whilst the operator is preparing another message on the screen .
messages can be received and transmitted automatically [while] the operator is preparing another message on the screen .

Give-away packs in guest rooms are designed to create a welcoming impression in the guest 's mind , whilst promoting the name and the facilities offered by the hotel .
give-away packs in guest rooms are designed to create a welcoming impression in the guest 's mind , [while] promoting the name and the facilities offered by the hotel .

The cashier should retain the credit card whilst the customer signs the sales voucher .
the cashier should retain the credit card [while] the customer signs the sales voucher .

As a member of his staff not unreasonably put it : Ford 's own reflections several years after he left the White House are also pertinent to an understanding of the difficulties he faced whilst in office .
as a member of his staff not unreasonably put it : ford 's own reflections several years after he left the white house are also pertinent to an understanding of the difficulties he faced [while] in office .

That role made possible his nomination ; he was elected as an outsider and , by his own admission , he never ceased being one whilst in office .
that role made possible his nomination ; he was elected as an outsider and , by his own admission , he never ceased being one [while] in office .

If whilst doing process number 3 , the following message appears :
if [while] doing process number 3 , the following message appears :

If whilst doing process number 3 , the following message appears :
if [while] doing process number 3 , the following message appears :

terminal response times whilst editing entries will be less than two seconds on average and 95% of responses should be less than three seconds
terminal response times [while] editing entries will be less than two seconds on average and 95% of responses should be less than three seconds

Whilst reading the following paragraphs keep an eye on checklist 2 , and also consider the program personality headings together with program style suggestions , as decisions about these will influence the presentation of the content of the lesson and affect the environment finally created in the classroom .
[while] reading the following paragraphs keep an eye on checklist 2 , and also consider the program personality headings together with program style suggestions , as decisions about these will influence the presentation of the content of the lesson and affect the environment finally created in the classroom .

Differences of this kind are both substantial and early to appear ( Wells , 1982 , 1985 ) , and whilst no doubt partly attributable to differences in genetic endowment , they are almost certainly also due to differences in the opportunities for learning that are provided by children 's linguistic environments .
differences of this kind are both substantial and early to appear ( wells , 1982 , 1985 ) , and [while] no doubt partly attributable to differences in genetic endowment , they are almost certainly also due to differences in the opportunities for learning that are provided by children 's linguistic environments .

In our own most recent study , which included features corresponding to all three hypothesised intentions , significant positive correlations were found between accelerated development and a high frequency of expansions , extensions and references to joint activities , whilst features corresponding to a didactic intention showed either no correlation or a trend towards a negative association ( Barnes et al .
in our own most recent study , which included features corresponding to all three hypothesised intentions , significant positive correlations were found between accelerated development and a high frequency of expansions , extensions and references to joint activities , [while] features corresponding to a didactic intention showed either no correlation or a trend towards a negative association ( barnes et al .

They can be disposed of easily , whilst their weapons stand little chance of piercing the adventurer 's plate armour .
they can be disposed of easily , [while] their weapons stand little chance of piercing the adventurer 's plate armour .

Whilst there does not appear to be any universal agreement on the precise meaning to be attached to these prefixes ( compare the definitions of modern algebra in [ 71 , p. 669 ] and [ 81 , p. 702 ] ) we can fairly safely say that classical algebra is the present synonym for the theory of equations , a theory in which are manipulated symbols which invariably represent numbers , be they complex , real or rational .
[while] there does not appear to be any universal agreement on the precise meaning to be attached to these prefixes ( compare the definitions of modern algebra in [ 71 , p. 669 ] and [ 81 , p. 702 ] ) we can fairly safely say that classical algebra is the present synonym for the theory of equations , a theory in which are manipulated symbols which invariably represent numbers , be they complex , real or rational .

( Cauchy , in 1815 , had defined multiplication of permutations , whilst Gauss , in 1801 , had combined pairs of binary quadratic forms and also integers `` mod p `` . )
( cauchy , in 1815 , had defined multiplication of permutations , [while] gauss , in 1801 , had combined pairs of binary quadratic forms and also integers `` mod p `` . )

Note that whilst the axiomatic method permitted , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to reflect properties of concrete systems already deemed important .
note that [while] the axiomatic method permitted , in theory , the assuming of arbitrarily chosen sets of axioms , those adopted were not chosen at random , the aim being to reflect properties of concrete systems already deemed important .

Thus whilst 2.3 and 3.2 are the two ways of writing 6 as a product of ( positive ) irreducibles the expression 7 is regarded as the required product decomposition for the integer 7 .
thus [while] 2.3 and 3.2 are the two ways of writing 6 as a product of ( positive ) irreducibles the expression 7 is regarded as the required product decomposition for the integer 7 .

( ii ) Whilst being a very agreeable proof of the universal existence of gcds the above proof is not very helpful in determining ( a , b ) for any particular pair of integers a and b .
( ii ) [while] being a very agreeable proof of the universal existence of gcds the above proof is not very helpful in determining ( a , b ) for any particular pair of integers a and b .

whilst the content of acGH is ac .
[while] the content of acgh is ac .

Whilst talking about reducibility of polynomials we mention a very important result which we shall , using just a tiny bit of analysis , prove in full later ( Theorem 4.8.1 ) .
[while] talking about reducibility of polynomials we mention a very important result which we shall , using just a tiny bit of analysis , prove in full later ( theorem 4.8.1 ) .

Thus 7 = -3 ( mod 5 ) whilst ( mod 5 ) .
thus 7 = -3 ( mod 5 ) [while] ( mod 5 ) .

Working modulo 5 , then , we see that certain pairs of integers are related ( by being congruent mod 5 ) whilst other pairs are not so related .
working modulo 5 , then , we see that certain pairs of integers are related ( by being congruent mod 5 ) [while] other pairs are not so related .

There are other more familiar ways in which certain parts of integers appear to be related whilst other pairs are not .
there are other more familiar ways in which certain parts of integers appear to be related [while] other pairs are not .

Taking the specific example of n=7 we see that whilst .
taking the specific example of n=7 we see that [while] .

It is said that aged three Gauss corrected an error in a wages list , whilst aged eight ( some say ten ) he wrote down in moments the answer to the following problem set in class : add together all the integers from 1 to 100 .
it is said that aged three gauss corrected an error in a wages list , [while] aged eight ( some say ten ) he wrote down in moments the answer to the following problem set in class : add together all the integers from 1 to 100 .

On the whole , algebraists seem to have a slight preference for the latter whilst analysts tend to prefer the former , perhaps because of tradition .
on the whole , algebraists seem to have a slight preference for the latter [while] analysts tend to prefer the former , perhaps because of tradition .

Example 2.6.8 Let and be the functions given by whilst Thus .
example 2.6.8 let and be the functions given by [while] thus .

The results of the testing showed that whilst most pupils can read information contained in a graph , chart or table , success rates are considerably reduced when pupils have to process the information .
the results of the testing showed that [while] most pupils can read information contained in a graph , chart or table , success rates are considerably reduced when pupils have to process the information .

Smaller but still competitive advertisers tend to prefer the creative `` hot-shops `` , whilst major spenders usually prefer well established slightly more `` solid `` agencies .
smaller but still competitive advertisers tend to prefer the creative `` hot-shops `` , [while] major spenders usually prefer well established slightly more `` solid `` agencies .

He pocketed the money , whilst Liti , his wife , appropriated the jewel on its fine gold chain .
he pocketed the money , [while] liti , his wife , appropriated the jewel on its fine gold chain .

She , Topaz , would love Andrew whilst she still drew breath , but he was imprisoned at High Brook with a wife he loathed .
she , topaz , would love andrew [while] she still drew breath , but he was imprisoned at high brook with a wife he loathed .

Topaz inspected the stone cottage whilst the marquis lit a fire .
topaz inspected the stone cottage [while] the marquis lit a fire .

Usually she is careful , at least whilst she 's down here , but once she and one of her beaux tripped up .
usually she is careful , at least [while] she 's down here , but once she and one of her beaux tripped up .

The nurse 's assessment should reveal potential problems amenable to nursing action , whilst the doctor 's history , examination and investigations check for other problems such as chest infection or bronchitis , which can be dealt with medically before surgery .
the nurse 's assessment should reveal potential problems amenable to nursing action , [while] the doctor 's history , examination and investigations check for other problems such as chest infection or bronchitis , which can be dealt with medically before surgery .

Whilst in hospital patients are encouraged to wear nightclothes .
[while] in hospital patients are encouraged to wear nightclothes .

Patients often comment upon lack of sleep whilst in hospital .
patients often comment upon lack of sleep [while] in hospital .

This summary is intended to be an Overview of the care a patient may receive whilst on a general surgical ward .
this summary is intended to be an overview of the care a patient may receive [while] on a general surgical ward .

We noted one case in particular where both the librarian and the mastermind of the project left the school and the responsibility was passed from one reluctant staff member to another , whilst the formerly encouraging head became preoccupied with falling rolls and an imminent merger .
we noted one case in particular where both the librarian and the mastermind of the project left the school and the responsibility was passed from one reluctant staff member to another , [while] the formerly encouraging head became preoccupied with falling rolls and an imminent merger .

At the outbreak of war Messiaen joined the army and it was whilst a prisoner in Silesia that he composed his Quatuor pour la fin du temps which combines the harmonic and rhythmic complexity with refinement of sound that characterizes his later works , notably the epic Vingt regards sur l'enfant Jésus for solo piano .
at the outbreak of war messiaen joined the army and it was [while] a prisoner in silesia that he composed his quatuor pour la fin du temps which combines the harmonic and rhythmic complexity with refinement of sound that characterizes his later works , notably the epic vingt regards sur l'enfant jésus for solo piano .

But this is a brazen , unfettered summons , and whilst Pešek 's bass trumpets and timpani cut through well enough , there is no sense of primitive grandeur about the sound .
but this is a brazen , unfettered summons , and [while] pešek 's bass trumpets and timpani cut through well enough , there is no sense of primitive grandeur about the sound .

There is uncommon beauty , too , in the deep tuba and heavily veiled strings at the opening of the third movement , and whilst the boisterous middle section is still too tightly reined for my taste , such startling details as the piccolo streaking the texture and the Philharmonia 's intrepid first horn whooping for joy into the climax are memorable .
there is uncommon beauty , too , in the deep tuba and heavily veiled strings at the opening of the third movement , and [while] the boisterous middle section is still too tightly reined for my taste , such startling details as the piccolo streaking the texture and the philharmonia 's intrepid first horn whooping for joy into the climax are memorable .

He is heard to great advantage in the defiantly difficult Scherzo tarantelle , where he surmounts every complexity with seemingly effortless bravura , whilst his account of the Souvenir de Moscou is magnificent .
he is heard to great advantage in the defiantly difficult scherzo tarantelle , where he surmounts every complexity with seemingly effortless bravura , [while] his account of the souvenir de moscou is magnificent .

The underlying ethos of the allocation of such status is that those who are most pure — the Brahmin or priest caste are superior to all others , whilst those who are least pure sometimes called the untouchables — are inferior to all other castes .
the underlying ethos of the allocation of such status is that those who are most pure — the brahmin or priest caste are superior to all others , [while] those who are least pure sometimes called the untouchables — are inferior to all other castes .

First , Parkin argues , whilst a hierarchy of material reward does indeed usually represent the unequal distribution of ‘ marketable skills ’ in a society , it is illegitimate to extrapolate from this , as the functionalists do , and assume it also represents the distribution of these skills , as an innate quality amongst society 's members .
first , parkin argues , [while] a hierarchy of material reward does indeed usually represent the unequal distribution of ‘ marketable skills ’ in a society , it is illegitimate to extrapolate from this , as the functionalists do , and assume it also represents the distribution of these skills , as an innate quality amongst society 's members .

It seems likely that the British-based institutions will do their best to retain their old class character whilst co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of operation in order to remain competitive with the newcomers .
it seems likely that the british-based institutions will do their best to retain their old class character [while] co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of operation in order to remain competitive with the newcomers .

So whilst membership continues to grow the average donation has decreased …
so [while] membership continues to grow the average donation has decreased …

Here is one example of what the new crime amounted to : ‘ Suddenly set upon by two men , one of whom seized him by the throat and threw him upon the ground , whilst the other thrust a quantity of mud in his mouth ’ ( The Daily News , 15 December 1862 ) .
here is one example of what the new crime amounted to : ‘ suddenly set upon by two men , one of whom seized him by the throat and threw him upon the ground , [while] the other thrust a quantity of mud in his mouth ’ ( the daily news , 15 december 1862 ) .

If your special request can only be met at an additional cost , that cost will either be invoiced to you prior to the departure or should be paid for by you locally whilst abroad .
if your special request can only be met at an additional cost , that cost will either be invoiced to you prior to the departure or should be paid for by you locally [while] abroad .

— £15 per day whilst in-patient in hospital abroad up to maximum of £500 .
— £15 per day [while] in-patient in hospital abroad up to maximum of £500 .

For whilst the Family Practitioners ' Committee had met in early 1983 to discuss the heroin issue , they were primarily concerned with the pressures on doctors and so kept their worries to themselves .
for [while] the family practitioners ' committee had met in early 1983 to discuss the heroin issue , they were primarily concerned with the pressures on doctors and so kept their worries to themselves .

Second , heroin use has grown rapidly from a small baseline , and , whilst we shall have to describe the prevalence of heroin use ‘ hidden ’ from agencies , particularly in middle-class areas , it is not a long-standing activity suddenly discovered by labellers which is redefined as a problem .
second , heroin use has grown rapidly from a small baseline , and , [while] we shall have to describe the prevalence of heroin use ‘ hidden ’ from agencies , particularly in middle-class areas , it is not a long-standing activity suddenly discovered by labellers which is redefined as a problem .

Whilst some of these drugs may have been obtained by illegal means , the evidence suggests that a significant minority became addicted to opioids originating from a legal source , that is , family practitioners .
[while] some of these drugs may have been obtained by illegal means , the evidence suggests that a significant minority became addicted to opioids originating from a legal source , that is , family practitioners .

However , whilst it might be stating the obvious , the overriding factor in this situation has been the sudden influx and continuing constant supply of heroin at an ‘ affordable ’ price .
however , [while] it might be stating the obvious , the overriding factor in this situation has been the sudden influx and continuing constant supply of heroin at an ‘ affordable ’ price .

Whilst the medical literature refers to ‘ recovery ’ and ‘ relapse ’ , the sociological literature talks of users ‘ maturing out ’ of the drugs lifestyle .
[while] the medical literature refers to ‘ recovery ’ and ‘ relapse ’ , the sociological literature talks of users ‘ maturing out ’ of the drugs lifestyle .

In this particular case , the interviewee had been admitted to hospital with hepatitis and pancreatitis and given a methadone reduction course whilst recovering from the operation :
in this particular case , the interviewee had been admitted to hospital with hepatitis and pancreatitis and given a methadone reduction course [while] recovering from the operation :

Curiosity and partner 's use both fell dramatically from 44 and 50 per cent to 19 and 38 per cent respectively , whilst ‘ peer-group pressure ’ rose from 0 per cent in the known sector females to 24 per cent amongst the snowball sample females .
curiosity and partner 's use both fell dramatically from 44 and 50 per cent to 19 and 38 per cent respectively , [while] ‘ peer-group pressure ’ rose from 0 per cent in the known sector females to 24 per cent amongst the snowball sample females .

Away from the city centre , the Charlottenburg Palace and the Spandau Citadel are among the bestknown sights , whilst back in Berlin 's heart you can now wander the previously verboten Brandenburg Gate .
away from the city centre , the charlottenburg palace and the spandau citadel are among the bestknown sights , [while] back in berlin 's heart you can now wander the previously verboten brandenburg gate .

The price per person in a twin room is £349 , whilst the price per person in a single room is £389 .
the price per person in a twin room is £349 , [while] the price per person in a single room is £389 .

Whilst the 20th century flies by in a welter of new productions , 18th century Vienna stands aloof .
[while] the 20th century flies by in a welter of new productions , 18th century vienna stands aloof .

Double rooms on the South side all have great views , whilst the single rooms on the North side do n't !
double rooms on the south side all have great views , [while] the single rooms on the north side do n't !

Day Three : During the early hours whilst you 're still tucked up in your cabin the cruise begins with arrival at Linz , the first port of call , at 9.00am .
day three : during the early hours [while] you 're still tucked up in your cabin the cruise begins with arrival at linz , the first port of call , at 9.00am .

Day Two : Whilst you peacefully slumber , your cruise begins with a 5.00am departure for Rüdesheim .
day two : [while] you peacefully slumber , your cruise begins with a 5.00am departure for rüdesheim .

Outside is a large garden and heated swimming pool with terrace , whilst there 's a further pool indoors along with a sauna , steam bath and fitness room ( Solarium and massage available for a small fee ) .
outside is a large garden and heated swimming pool with terrace , [while] there 's a further pool indoors along with a sauna , steam bath and fitness room ( solarium and massage available for a small fee ) .

The centre of the resort is just three minutes walk , whilst the sister hotels are about six ( evening meals are taken in a sister hotel ) .
the centre of the resort is just three minutes walk , [while] the sister hotels are about six ( evening meals are taken in a sister hotel ) .

And whilst the summer sun pours down , undiluted by pollution , the people get on with having a great holiday .
and [while] the summer sun pours down , undiluted by pollution , the people get on with having a great holiday .

There 's a large reception , restaurant and bar here , whilst in the neighbouring hotel , or the sister hotel , guests can use both the sauna and swimming-pool ( there 's also a private swimming area down on the lake ) .
there 's a large reception , restaurant and bar here , [while] in the neighbouring hotel , or the sister hotel , guests can use both the sauna and swimming-pool ( there 's also a private swimming area down on the lake ) .

Official modes , such as the diplomatic channel , are more likely to be associated with communications which must pass between officials in the two countries , whilst the postal channel may be more appropriate for communications between huissiers or directly to the defendant .
official modes , such as the diplomatic channel , are more likely to be associated with communications which must pass between officials in the two countries , [while] the postal channel may be more appropriate for communications between huissiers or directly to the defendant .

The Commission responsible for preparing the Convention decided not to include courts of arbitration , but there is no clarity on the position of administrative tribunals , many of which closely resemble ordinary courts , whilst others do not .
the commission responsible for preparing the convention decided not to include courts of arbitration , but there is no clarity on the position of administrative tribunals , many of which closely resemble ordinary courts , [while] others do not .

It is at the forefront of research and teaching in many disciplines and has formed close links with industry and commerce locally , nationally and internationally , whilst , at the same time , providing a caring and supportive environment in which students and staff can develop their abilities to the full .
it is at the forefront of research and teaching in many disciplines and has formed close links with industry and commerce locally , nationally and internationally , [while] , at the same time , providing a caring and supportive environment in which students and staff can develop their abilities to the full .

This is a small holiday park which has the advantage of being quiet and secluded whilst all the facilities of the almost adjoining Ilfracombe Holiday Village are available free to residents .
this is a small holiday park which has the advantage of being quiet and secluded [while] all the facilities of the almost adjoining ilfracombe holiday village are available free to residents .

After a leisurely day on the beach why not relax with a cool drink in our Smugglers bar whilst taking in the superb sea and Exmoor views .
after a leisurely day on the beach why not relax with a cool drink in our smugglers bar [while] taking in the superb sea and exmoor views .

Whilst this is not a strong issue when discussing the allegedly anarchic wrecking of school classrooms ( since we have yet to reach the stage where we cast the entire school population as outsiders ) it is a crucial one in the discussion of the genesis of the football hooligan .
[while] this is not a strong issue when discussing the allegedly anarchic wrecking of school classrooms ( since we have yet to reach the stage where we cast the entire school population as outsiders ) it is a crucial one in the discussion of the genesis of the football hooligan .

The former damage will be viewed as the result of ‘ destructive hooliganism ’ and dealt with accordingly , whilst the latter will be seen as arising from an excess of good-natured high spirits and over-enthusiasm .
the former damage will be viewed as the result of ‘ destructive hooliganism ’ and dealt with accordingly , [while] the latter will be seen as arising from an excess of good-natured high spirits and over-enthusiasm .

Although the damaging acts are very similar , football fans are ‘ deviants ’ whilst students , for reasons not made explicit , are somehow excused .
although the damaging acts are very similar , football fans are ‘ deviants ’ [while] students , for reasons not made explicit , are somehow excused .

Whilst it rightly steers us away from naive and simplistic causal theories of deviance , it can hardly provide an approach which is substantially more fruitful .
[while] it rightly steers us away from naive and simplistic causal theories of deviance , it can hardly provide an approach which is substantially more fruitful .

Whilst we recognize the conceptual problems associated with rules and their application , the approach in the ethogenic study of the football and classroom cultures has been a pragmatic one .
[while] we recognize the conceptual problems associated with rules and their application , the approach in the ethogenic study of the football and classroom cultures has been a pragmatic one .

Whilst the straightforward observation of overt activity on the football terraces and of cycles of retribution in school will provide evidence of certain invariant sequences and patterns of behaviour , it remains an empirical question as to whether such regularities are the product of rule following .
[while] the straightforward observation of overt activity on the football terraces and of cycles of retribution in school will provide evidence of certain invariant sequences and patterns of behaviour , it remains an empirical question as to whether such regularities are the product of rule following .

’ , whilst prescriptive rules are to be found through asking ‘ What should one do ?
’ , [while] prescriptive rules are to be found through asking ‘ what should one do ?

The peaks of these helmets , however , were sharpened up with the aid of a file and ‘ nutting ’ someone whilst wearing such a weapon , he claimed , could literally chop their head off .
the peaks of these helmets , however , were sharpened up with the aid of a file and ‘ nutting ’ someone [while] wearing such a weapon , he claimed , could literally chop their head off .

Whilst we may feel that it is unfortunate that such career structures exist at all we might do well to examine our own mechanisms for getting ahead .
[while] we may feel that it is unfortunate that such career structures exist at all we might do well to examine our own mechanisms for getting ahead .

Independent ownership allows us to extend a personal , warm and friendly welcome , whilst maintaining traditional standards in elegant surroundings with up to date facilities and amenities .
independent ownership allows us to extend a personal , warm and friendly welcome , [while] maintaining traditional standards in elegant surroundings with up to date facilities and amenities .

One of the farmhouses that were part of the Cetinale Estate has been skilfully converted into residences whilst maintaining its many original architectural features .
one of the farmhouses that were part of the cetinale estate has been skilfully converted into residences [while] maintaining its many original architectural features .

Whilst most are pretty careful about the actual type of aircraft that they are about to buy , the average understanding of the financing of the purchase is often more akin to a fantasy adventure .
[while] most are pretty careful about the actual type of aircraft that they are about to buy , the average understanding of the financing of the purchase is often more akin to a fantasy adventure .

Lantic bay offers one of the finest sandy beaches on this side of the coast , whilst ahead a distinct navigation fix came into view at Fowey , where the river Fowey opens into a wide estuary with Lostwithiel at its head .
lantic bay offers one of the finest sandy beaches on this side of the coast , [while] ahead a distinct navigation fix came into view at fowey , where the river fowey opens into a wide estuary with lostwithiel at its head .

He in the meantime had taken off in his Jungmann and , together with a visiting Jodel , was enjoying some circuit-bashing at Breighton whilst awaiting my return .
he in the meantime had taken off in his jungmann and , together with a visiting jodel , was enjoying some circuit-bashing at breighton [while] awaiting my return .

To complete the detail , a circuit was flown in formation with the Jodel , whilst Tony himself formated on the two of us .
to complete the detail , a circuit was flown in formation with the jodel , [while] tony himself formated on the two of us .

Two shaped steel rods act as clamps to keep the material securely in place whilst cutting .
two shaped steel rods act as clamps to keep the material securely in place [while] cutting .

The kids need lots of shelves for jumpers and toys , whilst adults need more hanging room for suits , dresses and coats .
the kids need lots of shelves for jumpers and toys , [while] adults need more hanging room for suits , dresses and coats .

The Solid Fuel Advisory Service advises that whilst uncapping and unblocking both ends may be simple d-i-y jobs , most people would be better off asking a qualified sweep to have a look at the flue before any work is started — especially as it is good sense to have the chimney thoroughly swept before any work starts to remove soot or old bird 's nests .
the solid fuel advisory service advises that [while] uncapping and unblocking both ends may be simple d-i-y jobs , most people would be better off asking a qualified sweep to have a look at the flue before any work is started — especially as it is good sense to have the chimney thoroughly swept before any work starts to remove soot or old bird 's nests .

Thus , whilst women who smoke may know that smoking could damage their health , there is no evidence that they experienced smoking as having any immediate impact on their self-perceived strength and fitness .
thus , [while] women who smoke may know that smoking could damage their health , there is no evidence that they experienced smoking as having any immediate impact on their self-perceived strength and fitness .

Whilst no-one would wish to deny landowners the ability to make a living , it must be accepted that in many circumstances , such as Glenbrittle , more appropriate ( or even no ) development should take place .
[while] no-one would wish to deny landowners the ability to make a living , it must be accepted that in many circumstances , such as glenbrittle , more appropriate ( or even no ) development should take place .

Whilst everything that Becker did was at white heat and lightning speed , with drastic simplifications , Squirrell delighted in working with extremely precise topographical accuracy .
[while] everything that becker did was at white heat and lightning speed , with drastic simplifications , squirrell delighted in working with extremely precise topographical accuracy .

Whilst metalpoint drawings survive in their own right , it was as underdrawing for egg tempera painting towards the end of the 16th century , and the rise of oil painting , demanding more flexible underpainting , the use of metalpoint lessened .
[while] metalpoint drawings survive in their own right , it was as underdrawing for egg tempera painting towards the end of the 16th century , and the rise of oil painting , demanding more flexible underpainting , the use of metalpoint lessened .

Whilst these original materials are no longer available , with the exception of red sanguine , modern equivalents in the form of crayons , chalks and pastels and made from related materials , are on sale in most art shops .
[while] these original materials are no longer available , with the exception of red sanguine , modern equivalents in the form of crayons , chalks and pastels and made from related materials , are on sale in most art shops .

Whilst charcoal is now available in pencil form ( from Conté , Osborne & Butler and Faber-Castell ) , most artists will be accustomed to using charcoal in its pure form as simple lengths of varying size .
[while] charcoal is now available in pencil form ( from conté , osborne & butler and faber-castell ) , most artists will be accustomed to using charcoal in its pure form as simple lengths of varying size .

From start to finish the sketch took minutes , and whilst it amounted to no great work of art , it was nevertheless an agreeable experience and an insight into what the pastels could do .
from start to finish the sketch took minutes , and [while] it amounted to no great work of art , it was nevertheless an agreeable experience and an insight into what the pastels could do .

Whilst it is not a direct replacement for traditional gum based watercolours , this recently introduced paint range does offer watercolourists some distinct advantages .
[while] it is not a direct replacement for traditional gum based watercolours , this recently introduced paint range does offer watercolourists some distinct advantages .

If colour is too intense , or in the wrong place , it is possible to ‘ take it out ’ with a dry squirrel mop or similar whilst the colour is still wet .
if colour is too intense , or in the wrong place , it is possible to ‘ take it out ’ with a dry squirrel mop or similar [while] the colour is still wet .

Whilst the Act protects the rights of artists in this country , those whose work is sold or published abroad may need to examine carefully how their work is likely to be affected by laws in other countries .
[while] the act protects the rights of artists in this country , those whose work is sold or published abroad may need to examine carefully how their work is likely to be affected by laws in other countries .

Whilst drawings , sketches and designs are all protected because they appear on paper or in some visual and tangible form , the concept or idea for a work is not in itself protected .
[while] drawings , sketches and designs are all protected because they appear on paper or in some visual and tangible form , the concept or idea for a work is not in itself protected .

They are often cheaply made and whilst the canvas surface itself will flex with any warpage , this becomes a problem when you have to frame your pictures .
they are often cheaply made and [while] the canvas surface itself will flex with any warpage , this becomes a problem when you have to frame your pictures .

Where do we find such funds to put the case of the moderate teachers in the classrooms who have to ‘ occupy ’ and not teach a large proportion of the class for hours on end whilst they test the few — or sometimes even the one child .
where do we find such funds to put the case of the moderate teachers in the classrooms who have to ‘ occupy ’ and not teach a large proportion of the class for hours on end [while] they test the few — or sometimes even the one child .

Extreme eastern parts of southern England will be more cloudy at times , whilst northeastern areas will be mostly dry and bright .
extreme eastern parts of southern england will be more cloudy at times , [while] northeastern areas will be mostly dry and bright .

‘ Nuclear will be needed if we are to sustain our quality of life whilst ensuring we do not damage planet earth beyond repair . ’
‘ nuclear will be needed if we are to sustain our quality of life [while] ensuring we do not damage planet earth beyond repair . ’

liability arising whilst the motor cycle is being used airside including the manoeuvring areas , aprons as defined by the Rules of the Air and directly associated service roads .
liability arising [while] the motor cycle is being used airside including the manoeuvring areas , aprons as defined by the rules of the air and directly associated service roads .

whilst the caravan is left unoccupied between the 1st October and 31st March inclusive in the open away from your residence
[while] the caravan is left unoccupied between the 1st october and 31st march inclusive in the open away from your residence

liability whilst travelling abroad as described above , provided notification of the trip has been given to us
liability [while] travelling abroad as described above , provided notification of the trip has been given to us

Whilst they whinged , we did what we do best .
[while] they whinged , we did what we do best .

Record sales and record results were all achieved whilst maintaining the job security of the people in this Division .
record sales and record results were all achieved [while] maintaining the job security of the people in this division .

Rod was hit with a bit of flying cigarette that unfortunately damaged his eye , and Grant pulled ‘ every conceivable muscle ’ whilst on the Professional Sales Guild 's day on the Solent .
rod was hit with a bit of flying cigarette that unfortunately damaged his eye , and grant pulled ‘ every conceivable muscle ’ [while] on the professional sales guild 's day on the solent .

The crews were split up by branches and areas , and whilst some nonchalantly lolled against the boom others were learning the intricacies of gybing , tacking , hoisting the sails , cleating the halliards , winching the sheets and playing the mainsail .
the crews were split up by branches and areas , and [while] some nonchalantly lolled against the boom others were learning the intricacies of gybing , tacking , hoisting the sails , cleating the halliards , winching the sheets and playing the mainsail .

Whilst there , the Manager was so impressed by the superior service Rentokil offered that he gave her free tickets for ‘ Les Miserables ’ .
[while] there , the manager was so impressed by the superior service rentokil offered that he gave her free tickets for ‘ les miserables ’ .

They were to drive around a marked circuit whilst keeping a ball in a dish on the bonnet .
they were to drive around a marked circuit [while] keeping a ball in a dish on the bonnet .

Our best profit growth has come yet again in Retail , where Peter and his team have built the portfolio up in true recession-beating style and generated good profit growth whilst servicing a thoroughly depressed High Street .
our best profit growth has come yet again in retail , where peter and his team have built the portfolio up in true recession-beating style and generated good profit growth [while] servicing a thoroughly depressed high street .

Our three would=be Busmen , James Gilchrist , Paul Sturgess [ he of Blue Peter fame ] and Roland Huggett , took it all in their stride , whilst the researcher danced around telling them all just ‘ how wonderful you are ’ .
our three would=be busmen , james gilchrist , paul sturgess [ he of blue peter fame ] and roland huggett , took it all in their stride , [while] the researcher danced around telling them all just ‘ how wonderful you are ’ .

Whilst out selling with sales manager Anne King [ and sold £1,500 in two days ] , they had an appointment with a certain Mr Gomez who could n't speak more than a couple of words of English .
[while] out selling with sales manager anne king [ and sold £1,500 in two days ] , they had an appointment with a certain mr gomez who could n't speak more than a couple of words of english .

Whilst the modules at all levels are designed to allow use in vocational contexts , Module 5 puts more emphasis on this area , but still within a series of skills of very general relevance .
[while] the modules at all levels are designed to allow use in vocational contexts , module 5 puts more emphasis on this area , but still within a series of skills of very general relevance .

Some of these are long established , for example the Agricultural Training Board , whilst others such as the Training and Development Lead Body and the Care Sector Consortium are much more recent in origin .
some of these are long established , for example the agricultural training board , [while] others such as the training and development lead body and the care sector consortium are much more recent in origin .

Some bodies have a responsibility for particular occupational areas , eg the Clothing and Allied Products Industry Training Board , whilst others have a generic remit in areas such as management and training which are important across all sectors .
some bodies have a responsibility for particular occupational areas , eg the clothing and allied products industry training board , [while] others have a generic remit in areas such as management and training which are important across all sectors .

Over the five years of operation of the National Certificate employers and providers have indicated that , whilst the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an additional separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .
over the five years of operation of the national certificate employers and providers have indicated that , [while] the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an additional separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .

As with new courses , in any one session , of all candidates actively involved in assessments , some will be taking assessments which are early steps along the way to the award , whilst others will be taking assessments which will complete the set of subjects making up the group awards .
as with new courses , in any one session , of all candidates actively involved in assessments , some will be taking assessments which are early steps along the way to the award , [while] others will be taking assessments which will complete the set of subjects making up the group awards .

Whilst we will agree to meet the fees involved in producing the arboriculturist 's report , the actual costs of tree removal or pollarding ( severe pruning ) fall outwith the scope of the policy and require to be met by the insured .
[while] we will agree to meet the fees involved in producing the arboriculturist 's report , the actual costs of tree removal or pollarding ( severe pruning ) fall outwith the scope of the policy and require to be met by the insured .

We would not necessarily seek a contribution from the previous insurers where the remedial work required to rectify the damage occurring whilst we are on cover has swamped any pre-existing damage .
we would not necessarily seek a contribution from the previous insurers where the remedial work required to rectify the damage occurring [while] we are on cover has swamped any pre-existing damage .

Any damage caused to service pipes or cables whilst clearing or attempting to clear a blockage is excluded .
any damage caused to service pipes or cables [while] clearing or attempting to clear a blockage is excluded .

Whilst temporarily away from the premises including whilst in foreign countries .
[while] temporarily away from the premises including [while] in foreign countries .

There may be a dispute over the amount of settlement and in such circumstances we should pay what we believe represents ‘ indemnity ’ whilst continuing any dialogue with the policyholder .
there may be a dispute over the amount of settlement and in such circumstances we should pay what we believe represents ‘ indemnity ’ [while] continuing any dialogue with the policyholder .

Items of clothing which have shrunk , dyed or been otherwise damaged whilst undergoing cleaning , e.g .
items of clothing which have shrunk , dyed or been otherwise damaged [while] undergoing cleaning , e.g .

Similarly , carpets , curtains and other such household contents would also be excluded whilst undergoing a cleaning process .
similarly , carpets , curtains and other such household contents would also be excluded [while] undergoing a cleaning process .

From January 1993 , all new workstations will have to meet the requirements of the directive , whilst existing workstations will have to comply by January 1997 .
from january 1993 , all new workstations will have to meet the requirements of the directive , [while] existing workstations will have to comply by january 1997 .

The collection , which included rare artefacts and manuscripts , was encased in the bubbles whilst the bookcases were treated for woodworm .
the collection , which included rare artefacts and manuscripts , was encased in the bubbles [while] the bookcases were treated for woodworm .

( 3 ) Damage to or loss of a motor vehicle and/or its accessories whilst in the hands of a Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder who is insured for such loss or damage , or liability for such loss or damage the loss damage or liability shall be admitted and dealt with by the party hereto insuring the Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder subject to the limits of its policy , and if other insurance in respect of loss of or damage to such vehicle and/or its accessories exists with the other party hereto the latter shall subject to the limits of its policy reimburse to the insurer of the Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder one-half of the amount paid in respect of such loss or damage . Note : — In the application of this Clause where there is an excess under either or both policies the following shall apply : —
( 3 ) damage to or loss of a motor vehicle and/or its accessories [while] in the hands of a maker repairer garage proprietor selling agent or coachbuilder who is insured for such loss or damage , or liability for such loss or damage the loss damage or liability shall be admitted and dealt with by the party hereto insuring the maker repairer garage proprietor selling agent or coachbuilder subject to the limits of its policy , and if other insurance in respect of loss of or damage to such vehicle and/or its accessories exists with the other party hereto the latter shall subject to the limits of its policy reimburse to the insurer of the maker repairer garage proprietor selling agent or coachbuilder one-half of the amount paid in respect of such loss or damage . note : — in the application of this clause where there is an excess under either or both policies the following shall apply : —

Whilst this will allow a degree of variation in applying the Partial Indemnity Clause , nevertheless it is the intention that the Clause should apply in respect of a ) risks underwritten at non-schedule rates , or b ) if at schedule rates solely on account of experience or c ) where the main features of the risk is the number of vehicles rather than the related experience .
[while] this will allow a degree of variation in applying the partial indemnity clause , nevertheless it is the intention that the clause should apply in respect of a ) risks underwritten at non-schedule rates , or b ) if at schedule rates solely on account of experience or c ) where the main features of the risk is the number of vehicles rather than the related experience .

the plaintiff , a diabetic , had suffered a burning injury whilst welding .
the plaintiff , a diabetic , had suffered a burning injury [while] welding .

whilst the insurer was prepared to make an interim payment if providing indemnity they argued that the pursuer was not entitled to an award because he did not have the means to enable him to pay .
[while] the insurer was prepared to make an interim payment if providing indemnity they argued that the pursuer was not entitled to an award because he did not have the means to enable him to pay .

Provides cover for accidental damage whilst plant and machinery is being moved .
provides cover for accidental damage [while] plant and machinery is being moved .

It is not quite as wide for damage to the plant whilst in transit between sites , whereas such damage is only now covered provided the reason for removal is ‘ cleaning , renovation or repair to other premises ’ .
it is not quite as wide for damage to the plant [while] in transit between sites , whereas such damage is only now covered provided the reason for removal is ‘ cleaning , renovation or repair to other premises ’ .

Damage whilst on other premises is now covered , but would not have been under the previous Engineering policy .
damage [while] on other premises is now covered , but would not have been under the previous engineering policy .

Whilst the exclusion relates to the cost of remedying or making good such defects , it should be noted that the policy does not exclude an insured event ( i.e. explosion , breakdown and sudden and unforeseen damage etc. ) which is a result of these defects .
[while] the exclusion relates to the cost of remedying or making good such defects , it should be noted that the policy does not exclude an insured event ( i.e. explosion , breakdown and sudden and unforeseen damage etc. ) which is a result of these defects .

Whilst it may be uneconomic to repair some goods , a Claimant should not expect the replacement of a damaged item , if an acceptable repair can be carried out .
[while] it may be uneconomic to repair some goods , a claimant should not expect the replacement of a damaged item , if an acceptable repair can be carried out .

Whilst these claims may only be small in amount , they are high in volume .
[while] these claims may only be small in amount , they are high in volume .

The exceptions relating to this section are very important and refer to a number of activities usually carried out whilst on holiday .
the exceptions relating to this section are very important and refer to a number of activities usually carried out [while] on holiday .

An injury sustained whilst playing football would be covered provided the claimant was not a member of a team on a football tour .
an injury sustained [while] playing football would be covered provided the claimant was not a member of a team on a football tour .

This section covers reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessarily incurred in obtaining a replacement passport are payable in the event of loss or theft of a passport whilst abroad .
this section covers reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessarily incurred in obtaining a replacement passport are payable in the event of loss or theft of a passport [while] abroad .

It should be remembered that whilst such an action may accelerate a return to work in some cases , the use of an independent specialist has very positive advantages in confirming ( or otherwise ) a previous diagnosis and identifying our potential liability under the policy .
it should be remembered that [while] such an action may accelerate a return to work in some cases , the use of an independent specialist has very positive advantages in confirming ( or otherwise ) a previous diagnosis and identifying our potential liability under the policy .

Short Term Work whilst Unemployed
short term work [while] unemployed

a Marina or Repairer storing a vessel for a fee — if the vessel is damaged whilst in their custody and control there may well be a possibility of recovering our outlay from them .
a marina or repairer storing a vessel for a fee — if the vessel is damaged [while] in their custody and control there may well be a possibility of recovering our outlay from them .

2 , of the Policy provides cover whilst the craft is in most of the countries in Western Europe for a period not exceeding 31 consecutive days during any one period of insurance .
2 , of the policy provides cover [while] the craft is in most of the countries in western europe for a period not exceeding 31 consecutive days during any one period of insurance .

Whilst there is no cover for these items under the Policy there may be cover under a Home or Sports Policy held by the Corporation and it is advisable to check wherever such cover exists before finally declining claims on these items .
[while] there is no cover for these items under the policy there may be cover under a home or sports policy held by the corporation and it is advisable to check wherever such cover exists before finally declining claims on these items .

These only apply whilst Policyholder or Spouse is embarking , disembarking or whilst on board the craft .
these only apply [while] policyholder or spouse is embarking , disembarking or [while] on board the craft .

All claims arising whilst the craft is left afloat unmanned in the water from the 1st September to 31st March inclusive , whilst in the United Kingdom , Republic of Ireland and Channel Islands .
all claims arising [while] the craft is left afloat unmanned in the water from the 1st september to 31st march inclusive , [while] in the united kingdom , republic of ireland and channel islands .

These only apply whilst Policyholder or Spouse is embarking , disembarking or whilst on board the craft .
these only apply [while] policyholder or spouse is embarking , disembarking or [while] on board the craft .

This excludes loss or damage to the rudder , propeller , strut , shaft , motor , electrical machinery or batteries , and their connections , caused by the vessel striking a submerged object whilst underway .
this excludes loss or damage to the rudder , propeller , strut , shaft , motor , electrical machinery or batteries , and their connections , caused by the vessel striking a submerged object [while] underway .

The effect of the clause is that full cover is restored for sails , masts , spars , standing and running rigging of the yacht damaged whilst the vessel is involved in racing .
the effect of the clause is that full cover is restored for sails , masts , spars , standing and running rigging of the yacht damaged [while] the vessel is involved in racing .

This Section is amended as follows : General Accident will pay the cost of replacing or repairing your household contents and valuables and portable possessions or , at our option , we will replace them if they are lost or damaged in any of the following circumstances , whilst
this section is amended as follows : general accident will pay the cost of replacing or repairing your household contents and valuables and portable possessions or , at our option , we will replace them if they are lost or damaged in any of the following circumstances , [while]

sub-aqua equipment , parachutes , surfboards and sailboards whilst in use .
sub-aqua equipment , parachutes , surfboards and sailboards [while] in use .

This change should enable many members to obtain a discount who did not previously qualify whilst the discount for existing alarms is also being increased .
this change should enable many members to obtain a discount who did not previously qualify [while] the discount for existing alarms is also being increased .

Worthy of note was the fact that for the first time in over 20 years we had a pensioner member playing in the event and whilst he does not want his name or score noted .
worthy of note was the fact that for the first time in over 20 years we had a pensioner member playing in the event and [while] he does not want his name or score noted .

Retail sales of the quintessential red meats are plummeting , whilst vegetarianism has become a fashionable norm .
retail sales of the quintessential red meats are plummeting , [while] vegetarianism has become a fashionable norm .

That is why some people adore eating spiders and grubs , whilst others would throw up if fed a pork chop .
that is why some people adore eating spiders and grubs , [while] others would throw up if fed a pork chop .

Traditional circumpolar cultures live on little except animal fare , whilst some of the planet 's largest populations are vegetarian .
traditional circumpolar cultures live on little except animal fare , [while] some of the planet 's largest populations are vegetarian .

Social pressure towards more sensitive treatment of nature is unlikely to abate whilst our destruction of what remains of nature so clearly continues .
social pressure towards more sensitive treatment of nature is unlikely to abate [while] our destruction of what remains of nature so clearly continues .

Whilst the procedures may in some cases be limited , at the same time they offer protection for staff and information for researchers .
[while] the procedures may in some cases be limited , at the same time they offer protection for staff and information for researchers .

The nursery class teacher drafted a version for discussion , whilst the nursery school engaged in a more protracted process of brainstorming and redrafting , with constant checking and modification .
the nursery class teacher drafted a version for discussion , [while] the nursery school engaged in a more protracted process of brainstorming and redrafting , with constant checking and modification .

The objective is to maintain the level and quality of services provided to the profession , whilst reviewing the level and cost of resources used to ensure , as far as possible , that they are appropriate and cost effective .
the objective is to maintain the level and quality of services provided to the profession , [while] reviewing the level and cost of resources used to ensure , as far as possible , that they are appropriate and cost effective .

For example , in one case there was an important issue concerning the redefining of the catchment area for the school , whilst , in another instance , discussions were continuing on the design of a sports area for evening use by the community .
for example , in one case there was an important issue concerning the redefining of the catchment area for the school , [while] , in another instance , discussions were continuing on the design of a sports area for evening use by the community .

The Paper , printing and publishing sector recorded a 14 % rise in 1990 to £255.5 million , whilst somewhat surprisingly the Electronics sector witnessed a 16 % growth in exports .
the paper , printing and publishing sector recorded a 14 % rise in 1990 to £255.5 million , [while] somewhat surprisingly the electronics sector witnessed a 16 % growth in exports .

The strategy over the past few years has been to establish the University more actively in research , whilst retaining its commitment to excellence in teaching .
the strategy over the past few years has been to establish the university more actively in research , [while] retaining its commitment to excellence in teaching .

Hence the misconceived view that researchers ' research is theory-based whilst teachers ' is not .
hence the misconceived view that researchers ' research is theory-based [while] teachers ' is not .

There has been some difficulty in producing a response panel sophisticated enough to allow for this range whilst still being easily understood and accessible to a child .
there has been some difficulty in producing a response panel sophisticated enough to allow for this range [while] still being easily understood and accessible to a child .

Whilst all of the guest rooms are furnished to the highest levels — model rooms were built for every member of staff to comment on and the opening was delayed by several months until things were felt to be completely right — the Amstel 's jewel in the crown is its Royal Suite .
[while] all of the guest rooms are furnished to the highest levels — model rooms were built for every member of staff to comment on and the opening was delayed by several months until things were felt to be completely right — the amstel 's jewel in the crown is its royal suite .

Whilst the above may seem obvious , there are many examples over the years of an inappropriate technique being applied with consequent waste of resource . It is easy to fall into the trap of the seductive powers of an existing technique that sounds fun and has had success elsewhere — beware ! !
[while] the above may seem obvious , there are many examples over the years of an inappropriate technique being applied with consequent waste of resource . it is easy to fall into the trap of the seductive powers of an existing technique that sounds fun and has had success elsewhere — beware ! !

So , whilst this definition obviously includes jetting off to an exotic resort with a fortnight 's stay in a hotel , the definition also catches the hotel which offers an inclusive theatre weekend — one price covering the stay in the hotel and tickets for a show .
so , [while] this definition obviously includes jetting off to an exotic resort with a fortnight 's stay in a hotel , the definition also catches the hotel which offers an inclusive theatre weekend — one price covering the stay in the hotel and tickets for a show .

Hence the misconceived view that researchers ' research is theory-based whilst teachers ' is not .
hence the misconceived view that researchers ' research is theory-based [while] teachers ' is not .

Whilst the procedures may in some cases be limited , at the same time they offer protection for staff and information for researchers .
[while] the procedures may in some cases be limited , at the same time they offer protection for staff and information for researchers .

Whilst realising some of the questions do not apply to you as a potential member , it would be interesting if you could please complete , insofar as practical , the enclosed questionnaire and return it to me at
[while] realising some of the questions do not apply to you as a potential member , it would be interesting if you could please complete , insofar as practical , the enclosed questionnaire and return it to me at

Whilst , far , 'neath some earth mother 's southern sway
[while] , far , 'neath some earth mother 's southern sway

Whilst some Bandings may change between the Provisional List ( 1 December 1992 ) and the Final List ( 1 April 1993 ) , it should be borne in mind that the Council Tax billing for 1993/94 will be done on the Provisional Banding List as the Final List will not be available in time .
[while] some bandings may change between the provisional list ( 1 december 1992 ) and the final list ( 1 april 1993 ) , it should be borne in mind that the council tax billing for 1993/94 will be done on the provisional banding list as the final list will not be available in time .

Whilst the job descriptions for the Control Section were evaluated on the basis of the inclusion of Non-Domestic Rates and Service Accounts control functions .
[while] the job descriptions for the control section were evaluated on the basis of the inclusion of non-domestic rates and service accounts control functions .

The warmth and colour which lies at the heart of the poet though , whilst surrounded by cold , dark , lifelessness shines through for his beloved to see .
the warmth and colour which lies at the heart of the poet though , [while] surrounded by cold , dark , lifelessness shines through for his beloved to see .

Whilst doing this Marvell can live in his own world which has no connection with anything external or real at all .
[while] doing this marvell can live in his own world which has no connection with anything external or real at all .

His created paradise is still only temporal and whilst denying that his perfection can be reached in the presence of the temptation of women , he accepts the fact they are here to stay .
his created paradise is still only temporal and [while] denying that his perfection can be reached in the presence of the temptation of women , he accepts the fact they are here to stay .

Whilst lying on his death bed , he whispered to his daughter , ‘ Look after your mother for me ’ .
[while] lying on his death bed , he whispered to his daughter , ‘ look after your mother for me ’ .

Writing this whilst hopping up and down to stir lemon marmalade on the stove ( and it seems reluctant to ‘ gel ’ ! )
writing this [while] hopping up and down to stir lemon marmalade on the stove ( and it seems reluctant to ‘ gel ’ ! )

Spike walked on top of the ants whilst Bernice tried to avoid stepping on them .
spike walked on top of the ants [while] bernice tried to avoid stepping on them .

Some were immediately picked up by the demons , whilst others managed again and again to risk their lives before falling to the persistent attacks of the creatures from hell .
some were immediately picked up by the demons , [while] others managed again and again to risk their lives before falling to the persistent attacks of the creatures from hell .

Stories were told of whole communities sitting down and wailing the old tune whilst waiting for the slave masters to arrive and incarcerate their bodies and souls .
stories were told of whole communities sitting down and wailing the old tune [while] waiting for the slave masters to arrive and incarcerate their bodies and souls .

The King 's Buildings is also the base of the Edinburgh University Computing Service which provides the University community with very powerful computing services , whilst separately offering computing services for the universities of central Scotland on a network basis .
the king 's buildings is also the base of the edinburgh university computing service which provides the university community with very powerful computing services , [while] separately offering computing services for the universities of central scotland on a network basis .

The department enjoys the advantages of being a compact and friendly department of about one hundred and fifty undergraduate students , whilst belonging to a large Faculty of Science and Engineering .
the department enjoys the advantages of being a compact and friendly department of about one hundred and fifty undergraduate students , [while] belonging to a large faculty of science and engineering .

‘ He dictated Elvis 's every action , whilst remaining invisible and all knowing .
‘ he dictated elvis 's every action , [while] remaining invisible and all knowing .

Whilst one may argue that it would be wrong to attribute ego-functions to animals in which the id/ego differentiation was difficult to justify because their behaviour was largely under instinctual , preprogrammed control , it is nevertheless true that some mammals — and in particular some higher primates — do seem to show a plasticity of behaviour and an elaboration of activity which clearly point to the beginnings , however primitive , of ego-functions proper .
[while] one may argue that it would be wrong to attribute ego-functions to animals in which the id/ego differentiation was difficult to justify because their behaviour was largely under instinctual , preprogrammed control , it is nevertheless true that some mammals — and in particular some higher primates — do seem to show a plasticity of behaviour and an elaboration of activity which clearly point to the beginnings , however primitive , of ego-functions proper .

Whilst there are undoubted cultural factors acting on the latency phenomenon , as Freud himself recognized , he nevertheless maintained that it rested on a biological , innate foundation .
[while] there are undoubted cultural factors acting on the latency phenomenon , as freud himself recognized , he nevertheless maintained that it rested on a biological , innate foundation .

Whilst such an attitude to life is clearly desirable for hunters depending on highly unreliable food resources which would soon reduce them to chronic anxiety if they were to take a less prodigal view of things , it is evidently less suitable for seasonal hunters who must store food if they are to avoid starvation .
[while] such an attitude to life is clearly desirable for hunters depending on highly unreliable food resources which would soon reduce them to chronic anxiety if they were to take a less prodigal view of things , it is evidently less suitable for seasonal hunters who must store food if they are to avoid starvation .

If we restrict our attention solely to the twentieth century , it is notable that the two most important and traumatic socialist revolutions , that in Russia in 1917 and that in Germany during the Nazi era , whilst being the creation of particular political leaders who soon imposed total state power , nevertheless drew what popular support they had from political myths that are obvious paranoid projections .
if we restrict our attention solely to the twentieth century , it is notable that the two most important and traumatic socialist revolutions , that in russia in 1917 and that in germany during the nazi era , [while] being the creation of particular political leaders who soon imposed total state power , nevertheless drew what popular support they had from political myths that are obvious paranoid projections .

Some occupations are entered directly after graduation whilst entry to others follows completion of a postgraduate course .
some occupations are entered directly after graduation [while] entry to others follows completion of a postgraduate course .

Finishing as low as thirteenth , a pro could still win £1,000 , whilst at the 11th the Bentley Mulsanne still waited for an ace .
finishing as low as thirteenth , a pro could still win £1,000 , [while] at the 11th the bentley mulsanne still waited for an ace .

Whilst ambulatory surgical care has been shown to be cheaper than hospital care in Cali , Colombia , such evidence can not be taken as a general rule .
[while] ambulatory surgical care has been shown to be cheaper than hospital care in cali , colombia , such evidence can not be taken as a general rule .

The tutor is responsible for the member 's development whilst at Henley , and works closely with the member to ensure that maximum benefit is achieved from the programme .
the tutor is responsible for the member 's development [while] at henley , and works closely with the member to ensure that maximum benefit is achieved from the programme .

In the buildings with a number of storeys they frequently used a different order on each storey , whilst the columns were lined up one above the other and the entablatures acted as string courses .
in the buildings with a number of storeys they frequently used a different order on each storey , [while] the columns were lined up one above the other and the entablatures acted as string courses .

Resistance to recanalisation within 90 min is observed in 15–40 % of patients , whilst angiographically documented acute coronary reocclusion occurs in 5–25 % of patients .
resistance to recanalisation within 90 min is observed in 15–40 % of patients , [while] angiographically documented acute coronary reocclusion occurs in 5–25 % of patients .

Whilst the lawyers were still sorting out his mothers estate he started looking round for a suitable business .
[while] the lawyers were still sorting out his mothers estate he started looking round for a suitable business .

Whilst it is intuitively obvious that the utility of most things declines over time , it is more difficult to identify the extent of that decline over a given period .
[while] it is intuitively obvious that the utility of most things declines over time , it is more difficult to identify the extent of that decline over a given period .

Answer guide : The main differences between the models is that the engineer 's model is a physical model which generates automatic responses whilst the accountant 's model is dependent upon humans for corrective responses .
answer guide : the main differences between the models is that the engineer 's model is a physical model which generates automatic responses [while] the accountant 's model is dependent upon humans for corrective responses .

That is setting a low pass mark themselves which they can easily achieve , whilst being demotivated when having to attempt to obtain a pass mark of 80 % that a lecturer has set .
that is setting a low pass mark themselves which they can easily achieve , [while] being demotivated when having to attempt to obtain a pass mark of 80 % that a lecturer has set .

For example , one cost centre may be highly mechanized whilst another may be labour intensive .
for example , one cost centre may be highly mechanized [while] another may be labour intensive .

For example , a company 's budget will normally detail a sales budget for a period whilst the published accounts will show sales for the year .
for example , a company 's budget will normally detail a sales budget for a period [while] the published accounts will show sales for the year .

He rang a bell now whilst saying to her , ‘ Would you mind waiting outside ? ’
he rang a bell now [while] saying to her , ‘ would you mind waiting outside ? ’

There is often suspicion on both sides : doctors associate the police with uncaring attitudes whilst the police are suspicious of medical intervention .
there is often suspicion on both sides : doctors associate the police with uncaring attitudes [while] the police are suspicious of medical intervention .

Whilst he was gone , Morse turned to the back of The Times and had filled in the whole of the bottom right-hand quarter of the crossword when Lewis returned two minutes later .
[while] he was gone , morse turned to the back of the times and had filled in the whole of the bottom right-hand quarter of the crossword when lewis returned two minutes later .

‘ Once she had the key , and whilst her husband signed the formalities , she was to go up to her room , put the handbag containing the Tongue — and money , pearls , and so on — on a ledge as near as possible to a door which was going to be left deliberately ajar .
‘ once she had the key , and [while] her husband signed the formalities , she was to go up to her room , put the handbag containing the tongue — and money , pearls , and so on — on a ledge as near as possible to a door which was going to be left deliberately ajar .

Whilst being of no particular interest right now , this cliff would , nevertheless , have an exciting part to play somewhat later .
[while] being of no particular interest right now , this cliff would , nevertheless , have an exciting part to play somewhat later .

Flavius the Noseless had booked two weeks in Greece for his holidays , so whilst there he dropped in on Archimedes and asked if he could come up with anything .
flavius the noseless had booked two weeks in greece for his holidays , so [while] there he dropped in on archimedes and asked if he could come up with anything .

Whilst his companion 's back was turned , Tuppe swiped one of his sausages and thrust it into his mouth .
[while] his companion 's back was turned , tuppe swiped one of his sausages and thrust it into his mouth .

These boxes insure that the Biros remain safely entrapped whilst at the shop .
these boxes insure that the biros remain safely entrapped [while] at the shop .

Note whilst you are able to deinstall more than one process model at a time , you are only able to install one process model at a time .
note [while] you are able to deinstall more than one process model at a time , you are only able to install one process model at a time .

‘ Mona ’ ensures that if you did n't want to strangle Craig McLachlan before , then you will now , whilst ‘ Diddley Daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ Little Girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ Who Do You Love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .
‘ mona ’ ensures that if you did n't want to strangle craig mclachlan before , then you will now , [while] ‘ diddley daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ little girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ who do you love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .

When X-rays strike a crystal some are absorbed whilst others are not absorbed and pass straight through the crystal .
when x-rays strike a crystal some are absorbed [while] others are not absorbed and pass straight through the crystal .

Whilst the world 's energy and material resources are declining , there is one resource which is growing rapidly , if not explosively .
[while] the world 's energy and material resources are declining , there is one resource which is growing rapidly , if not explosively .

The first law of thermodynamics states that whilst energy may be transferred between a system and its surroundings , energy is never created or destroyed .
the first law of thermodynamics states that [while] energy may be transferred between a system and its surroundings , energy is never created or destroyed .

Whilst it may be the most objective away of practising social psychology , experiments and the scientific theories to which they give rise , may not be the most useful or appropriate means of understanding the individual in society .
[while] it may be the most objective away of practising social psychology , experiments and the scientific theories to which they give rise , may not be the most useful or appropriate means of understanding the individual in society .

Perhaps the emphasis on cause and effect , whilst appropriate for the natural sciences , is inappropriate for understanding human behaviour and experience .
perhaps the emphasis on cause and effect , [while] appropriate for the natural sciences , is inappropriate for understanding human behaviour and experience .

This is sent out from Elderslie once the coupon has been returned and endorsed by a member of staff during their visit , hopefully whilst selecting new Stoddard Templeton carpets or fabrics .
this is sent out from elderslie once the coupon has been returned and endorsed by a member of staff during their visit , hopefully [while] selecting new stoddard templeton carpets or fabrics .

( Bottom Right ) Whilst contractors prepare the ground for a smart new car park between the Pattern room and the Design Studio buildings , George Ballantyne ( right ) and John Rankin ( work 's slater and brick builders ) feed the cement mixer for the finishing touches to the retaining wall which they built .
( bottom right ) [while] contractors prepare the ground for a smart new car park between the pattern room and the design studio buildings , george ballantyne ( right ) and john rankin ( work 's slater and brick builders ) feed the cement mixer for the finishing touches to the retaining wall which they built .

Whilst in Rostov , each member of the mission made a short presentation to the equivalent of the local Chamber of Commerce , at which Fraser was able to explain that Stoddard had already provided carpets for the famous Russian cruise liner , Maxim Gorky .
[while] in rostov , each member of the mission made a short presentation to the equivalent of the local chamber of commerce , at which fraser was able to explain that stoddard had already provided carpets for the famous russian cruise liner , maxim gorky .

Whilst in the design studio they were able to observe at first hand the adaption , of a Chinese Motif which was being prepared by Roger McDowell , Contract Designer , for another Swedish customer .
[while] in the design studio they were able to observe at first hand the adaption , of a chinese motif which was being prepared by roger mcdowell , contract designer , for another swedish customer .

Richard Edwards , Sales Director of Sekers Fabrics caught the largest deep sea fish of its kind whilst on holiday in Kenya .
richard edwards , sales director of sekers fabrics caught the largest deep sea fish of its kind [while] on holiday in kenya .

Whilst at work , William Patterson dies suddenly on 27th September .
[while] at work , william patterson dies suddenly on 27th september .

Simon first met his future wife whilst on holiday in Majorca three years ago .
simon first met his future wife [while] on holiday in majorca three years ago .

Skilful planting embellishes the boundary and patio whilst the pergola would make an impressive feature fixed to the back of the house .
skilful planting embellishes the boundary and patio [while] the pergola would make an impressive feature fixed to the back of the house .

Whilst many of the developments will be beneficial to all disciplines , certain aspects are particularly relevant to the electronics sector .
[while] many of the developments will be beneficial to all disciplines , certain aspects are particularly relevant to the electronics sector .

Olympus have been producing pocket recorders since 1969 and invented the microcassette that combines the advantages of a normal size cassette including excellent sound quality and lengthy recording time whilst allowing the recorder to be truly pocketable .
olympus have been producing pocket recorders since 1969 and invented the microcassette that combines the advantages of a normal size cassette including excellent sound quality and lengthy recording time [while] allowing the recorder to be truly pocketable .

This was achieved whilst maintaining an appropriate level of investment for the future in design , manufacture and plant .
this was achieved [while] maintaining an appropriate level of investment for the future in design , manufacture and plant .

Hugh Laughland also made reference to the future saying ‘ Whilst recent reductions in interest rates are most welcome , the beneficial effect on the economy as a whole will take some time to emerge .
hugh laughland also made reference to the future saying ‘ [while] recent reductions in interest rates are most welcome , the beneficial effect on the economy as a whole will take some time to emerge .

Whilst this is being achieved the computer itself may be changed to a more advanced system as part of a totally new package for the whole of the Stoddard Sekers Group .
[while] this is being achieved the computer itself may be changed to a more advanced system as part of a totally new package for the whole of the stoddard sekers group .

Gavin undertook this research whilst completing his B.Sc .
gavin undertook this research [while] completing his b.sc .

Whilst some time can be spent in ‘ tidying up ’ it is important that the high standards of housekeeping are maintained throughout the year and generally this is the case .
[while] some time can be spent in ‘ tidying up ’ it is important that the high standards of housekeeping are maintained throughout the year and generally this is the case .

Whilst visiting the stand , Chairman Hugh Laughland ( left ) is introduced to Jack Millar , National Accounts Director ( right ) by Ralph Ellis , Chief Executive .
[while] visiting the stand , chairman hugh laughland ( left ) is introduced to jack millar , national accounts director ( right ) by ralph ellis , chief executive .

What remains is an acceptance of peripheral existence on the social level whilst being totally integrated at a work level .
what remains is an acceptance of peripheral existence on the social level [while] being totally integrated at a work level .

To mix , slowly add powder to clean water stirring to a smooth paste stiff enough to spread without running ; a stiffer consistency will be difficult to apply , whilst too thin a mix will impair the bonding properties of the adhesive .
to mix , slowly add powder to clean water stirring to a smooth paste stiff enough to spread without running ; a stiffer consistency will be difficult to apply , [while] too thin a mix will impair the bonding properties of the adhesive .

Whilst the Accord provided for increased powers for the provinces and a reform of the federal Senate , its most controversial element was its attempt to induce Quebec to sign the 1982 Constitution in return for a recognition that the French-speaking province was a `` distinct society `` .
[while] the accord provided for increased powers for the provinces and a reform of the federal senate , its most controversial element was its attempt to induce quebec to sign the 1982 constitution in return for a recognition that the french-speaking province was a `` distinct society `` .

Whilst the process of jury selection was still under way , Barry made a television address on June 13 in which he announced that he would not stand for re-election for a fourth term in November 1990 , but would serve the remainder of his current four-year term , due to expire on Jan. 2 , 1991 .
[while] the process of jury selection was still under way , barry made a television address on june 13 in which he announced that he would not stand for re-election for a fourth term in november 1990 , but would serve the remainder of his current four-year term , due to expire on jan. 2 , 1991 .

Whilst the Bensonhurst sentences closed a chapter in one of New York City 's most notorious racial crimes , a second was opened on June 13 with the start of the trial of three black youths , aged 15 and 16 , who were accused of attempted murder , and of rape and sodomy arising from an attack upon a 29-year-old white female banker who was jogging in Central Park .
[while] the bensonhurst sentences closed a chapter in one of new york city 's most notorious racial crimes , a second was opened on june 13 with the start of the trial of three black youths , aged 15 and 16 , who were accused of attempted murder , and of rape and sodomy arising from an attack upon a 29-year-old white female banker who was jogging in central park .

Commenting on the boycott by the opposition , he said : `` Whilst the state provided all the facilities and preconditions for the success of the pluralist experiment , for widening the scope of the political scene and for the active participation of tendencies and parties , many opposition parties preferred not to participate and to adopt a negative stance towards the development of this experiment . ``
commenting on the boycott by the opposition , he said : `` [while] the state provided all the facilities and preconditions for the success of the pluralist experiment , for widening the scope of the political scene and for the active participation of tendencies and parties , many opposition parties preferred not to participate and to adopt a negative stance towards the development of this experiment . ``

Another five guerrillas were captured further north whilst still at sea .
another five guerrillas were captured further north [while] still at sea .

Others within the Democratic Party counselled caution , however , accusing Bush of seeking to renege upon his undertaking whilst trying to shift the blame for any new taxes upon the Democrat-controlled Congress .
others within the democratic party counselled caution , however , accusing bush of seeking to renege upon his undertaking [while] trying to shift the blame for any new taxes upon the democrat-controlled congress .

Included within the 25-member body were six new members , whilst 15 Ministers retained their former portfolios .
included within the 25-member body were six new members , [while] 15 ministers retained their former portfolios .

Our purpose built well equipped creche is full of all the toys and games that children enjoy and our fully qualified and experienced staff will ensure that your child is happy and well looked after whilst you enjoy the attractions of the Sportcentre .
our purpose built well equipped creche is full of all the toys and games that children enjoy and our fully qualified and experienced staff will ensure that your child is happy and well looked after [while] you enjoy the attractions of the sportcentre .

Several politicians and lawyers suggested that `` ordinary `` constitutional changes required ratification by seven provinces within three years , whilst amendments to key provisions of the constitution required unanimous approval without a time limit .
several politicians and lawyers suggested that `` ordinary `` constitutional changes required ratification by seven provinces within three years , [while] amendments to key provisions of the constitution required unanimous approval without a time limit .

Whilst we did consider that this site could be developed with a single storey dwelling without seriously affecting the amenities of the village , we were not aware of the strength of local feeling against any development on this site .
[while] we did consider that this site could be developed with a single storey dwelling without seriously affecting the amenities of the village , we were not aware of the strength of local feeling against any development on this site .

Having reviewed the matter , taking the above into consideration , we write formally to withdraw our Appeal , as whilst we consider that it is appropriate that further development should take place in the village , on this occasion we defer to local feeling .
having reviewed the matter , taking the above into consideration , we write formally to withdraw our appeal , as [while] we consider that it is appropriate that further development should take place in the village , on this occasion we defer to local feeling .

Whilst he regarded the concession on incest as acceptable , he considered the rape provision too restrictive .
[while] he regarded the concession on incest as acceptable , he considered the rape provision too restrictive .

Nevertheless , whilst accepting that `` the Soviet military threat in Europe is diminishing `` , Bush claimed that there was `` little change in Soviet strategic modernization `` , and that , therefore , `` we must sustain our own strategic offensive modernization and the Strategic Defence Initiative `` .
nevertheless , [while] accepting that `` the soviet military threat in europe is diminishing `` , bush claimed that there was `` little change in soviet strategic modernization `` , and that , therefore , `` we must sustain our own strategic offensive modernization and the strategic defence initiative `` .

The package adhered to Bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , whilst also ensuring that , in theory , the budget deficit did not exceed $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement stipulated by the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law .
the package adhered to bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , [while] also ensuring that , in theory , the budget deficit did not exceed $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement stipulated by the gramm-rudman-hollings deficit reduction law .

Moynihan and his growing body of supporters ridiculed this proposal , and many commentators felt that the administration would find it very difficult to reject Moynihan 's demand for an immediate social security tax cut ( which would benefit all citizens ) whilst pursuing a reduction in capital gains tax which would be of chief benefit to those who were already among the most wealthy .
moynihan and his growing body of supporters ridiculed this proposal , and many commentators felt that the administration would find it very difficult to reject moynihan 's demand for an immediate social security tax cut ( which would benefit all citizens ) [while] pursuing a reduction in capital gains tax which would be of chief benefit to those who were already among the most wealthy .

Kirner , a former state Education Minister and the leader of the party 's Socialist Left parliamentary faction , was considerably further to the left than her predecessor and , whilst her election was welcomed by the state 's strong trade union movement , it was condemned by the opposition Liberal Party and the business community .
kirner , a former state education minister and the leader of the party 's socialist left parliamentary faction , was considerably further to the left than her predecessor and , [while] her election was welcomed by the state 's strong trade union movement , it was condemned by the opposition liberal party and the business community .

Whilst each side recognized the growing demand of the Korean people for reunification , the means through which this was to be achieved remained elusive .
[while] each side recognized the growing demand of the korean people for reunification , the means through which this was to be achieved remained elusive .

The Cordon Rouge ( dry ) and Cordon Vert ( medium ) are well known for their distinctive striped labels , whilst the Crémant de Cramant is a lighter delicate wine produced only from Chardonnay grapes grown around the village of Cramant .
the cordon rouge ( dry ) and cordon vert ( medium ) are well known for their distinctive striped labels , [while] the crémant de cramant is a lighter delicate wine produced only from chardonnay grapes grown around the village of cramant .

Kim Jeong Soo and Kang Bo Seong were both members of Kim Young Sam 's Reunification Democratic Party , whilst Lee Hee Il came from Kim Jong Il 's New Democratic Republican Party .
kim jeong soo and kang bo seong were both members of kim young sam 's reunification democratic party , [while] lee hee il came from kim jong il 's new democratic republican party .

Whilst the conflict over Reagan 's diaries was in progress , a parallel struggle was being fought over Poindexter 's efforts to subpoena Reagan as a witness and to force him to testify in person at the trial .
[while] the conflict over reagan 's diaries was in progress , a parallel struggle was being fought over poindexter 's efforts to subpoena reagan as a witness and to force him to testify in person at the trial .

The six championship courts ( five glass-backed ) provide ideal conditions for play , whilst the luxurious " Members Only " bar and lounge will make relaxing and spectating a real pleasure .
the six championship courts ( five glass-backed ) provide ideal conditions for play , [while] the luxurious " members only " bar and lounge will make relaxing and spectating a real pleasure .

Usually religious people tend to see these as different , Sri Ramana 's being an experience of enlightenment and awareness of the Oneness of being , whilst St Francis 's conveyed a sense of communion with God — a sense of a Presence revealing itself .
usually religious people tend to see these as different , sri ramana 's being an experience of enlightenment and awareness of the oneness of being , [while] st francis 's conveyed a sense of communion with god — a sense of a presence revealing itself .

Figure 8.4 refers to the way in which , whilst all religions emphasize many particular understandings , ideas , beliefs , and practices not found in other religions yet many of these are not contradictory to those found in other traditions : they are different not contradictory .
figure 8.4 refers to the way in which , [while] all religions emphasize many particular understandings , ideas , beliefs , and practices not found in other religions yet many of these are not contradictory to those found in other traditions : they are different not contradictory .

In the Commons , Sir Thomas Clarges moved that `` a standing Army is destructive to the Country `` , whilst his fellow Tory , Edward Seymour , declared that `` the safety of the Kingdom doth not consist with a standing force `` , adding ( in a way which anticipated Tory arguments used after 1689 ) that `` all the profit and security of this Nation is in our Ships , and had there been the least ship in the Channel `` , Monmouth could never have landed .
in the commons , sir thomas clarges moved that `` a standing army is destructive to the country `` , [while] his fellow tory , edward seymour , declared that `` the safety of the kingdom doth not consist with a standing force `` , adding ( in a way which anticipated tory arguments used after 1689 ) that `` all the profit and security of this nation is in our ships , and had there been the least ship in the channel `` , monmouth could never have landed .

Seymour also condemned the commissioning of officers `` not taking the Tests `` , alleging `` it is dispensing with all the laws at once `` , whilst in the Lords speeches against the employment of Catholics in the Army came from staunch Anglicans such as Nottingham and the Bishop of London .
seymour also condemned the commissioning of officers `` not taking the tests `` , alleging `` it is dispensing with all the laws at once `` , [while] in the lords speeches against the employment of catholics in the army came from staunch anglicans such as nottingham and the bishop of london .

Whilst the Anglicans campaigned against popery , the Dissenters remained largely quiet , much to the disgust of the exiled Nonconformist divine , Robert Ferguson .
[while] the anglicans campaigned against popery , the dissenters remained largely quiet , much to the disgust of the exiled nonconformist divine , robert ferguson .

Anglican polemicists had promised that they would allow the Dissenters some degree of toleration , if they helped them protect the Church of England from the Catholic onslaught , whilst the bishops in their petition affirmed that they did not act `` from any want of due tenderness to Dissenters , in relation to whom they are willing to come to such a temper as shall be thought fit , when the matter shall be considered and settled in Parliament and Convention `` .
anglican polemicists had promised that they would allow the dissenters some degree of toleration , if they helped them protect the church of england from the catholic onslaught , [while] the bishops in their petition affirmed that they did not act `` from any want of due tenderness to dissenters , in relation to whom they are willing to come to such a temper as shall be thought fit , when the matter shall be considered and settled in parliament and convention `` .

Whilst the invitation came from men who represented both Tory and Whig opinion , most of those who conspired with William in Holland were in fact outlawed Whigs .
[while] the invitation came from men who represented both tory and whig opinion , most of those who conspired with william in holland were in fact outlawed whigs .

Two prominent Tories , Danby and Compton , had been involved in the invitation to William , the bishops refused to bow to pressure from James to issue a repudiation of the invitation , whilst in the provinces a number of leading Tories rallied to William 's cause .
two prominent tories , danby and compton , had been involved in the invitation to william , the bishops refused to bow to pressure from james to issue a repudiation of the invitation , [while] in the provinces a number of leading tories rallied to william 's cause .

The scheme proposed by the Earl of Nottingham was to broaden the basis of the national Church by comprehending the more moderate Dissenters , whilst conceding a very limited toleration to those who remained outside .
the scheme proposed by the earl of nottingham was to broaden the basis of the national church by comprehending the more moderate dissenters , [while] conceding a very limited toleration to those who remained outside .

For a long time historians were happy to talk in terms of a basic struggle between Whigs and Tories during the reigns of William and Anne , whilst recognising that this occasionally broke down , and that for certain periods political battles were fought out along Court–Country lines .
for a long time historians were happy to talk in terms of a basic struggle between whigs and tories during the reigns of william and anne , [while] recognising that this occasionally broke down , and that for certain periods political battles were fought out along court–country lines .

He has been accused of misinterpreting the data and of generalising from untypical examples , whilst new evidence brought to light by subsequent research suggests that he was wrong in denying the existence of a two-party system , at least under Anne .
he has been accused of misinterpreting the data and of generalising from untypical examples , [while] new evidence brought to light by subsequent research suggests that he was wrong in denying the existence of a two-party system , at least under anne .

In particular , we shall see that with time the Whigs became increasingly identified as a party of the Court and the royal executive , whilst the Tories , by the end of Anne 's reign , had essentially become a Country party .
in particular , we shall see that with time the whigs became increasingly identified as a party of the court and the royal executive , [while] the tories , by the end of anne 's reign , had essentially become a country party .

Other leading Whigs were invited to these meetings as necessary , whilst larger meetings were convened at the Rose Tavern when tactics needed to be communicated to the party faithful prior to activity in Parliament .
other leading whigs were invited to these meetings as necessary , [while] larger meetings were convened at the rose tavern when tactics needed to be communicated to the party faithful prior to activity in parliament .

The Tory party was more loosely structured : there were tensions between the Highflyers and the more moderate wing that emerged under Anne , and which came to be led by Robert Harley , whilst even the High Church chieftains — the Earl of Rochester , the Earl of Nottingham , and Sir Edward Seymour — worked much less closely together than the Whig Junto .
the tory party was more loosely structured : there were tensions between the highflyers and the more moderate wing that emerged under anne , and which came to be led by robert harley , [while] even the high church chieftains — the earl of rochester , the earl of nottingham , and sir edward seymour — worked much less closely together than the whig junto .

John Tillotson became Archbishop of Canterbury , to be succeeded by Thomas Tenison from 1695 , whilst other latitudinarians such as Gilbert Burnet , Edward Fowler , Richard Kidder , Simon Patrick and Edward Stillingfleet also received bishoprics .
john tillotson became archbishop of canterbury , to be succeeded by thomas tenison from 1695 , [while] other latitudinarians such as gilbert burnet , edward fowler , richard kidder , simon patrick and edward stillingfleet also received bishoprics .

In February 1704 the Lower House of Convocation presented the Upper House with a representation of the grievances of the clergy , which was fiercely critical of the way the bishops were running the Church : canons were being disobeyed , discipline unenforced , whilst everywhere episcopal administration was inefficient and corrupt .
in february 1704 the lower house of convocation presented the upper house with a representation of the grievances of the clergy , which was fiercely critical of the way the bishops were running the church : canons were being disobeyed , discipline unenforced , [while] everywhere episcopal administration was inefficient and corrupt .

Moreover , the struggle between the Whigs and Tories suggests a large degree of continuity with the period before the Glorious Revolution : the Whigs are still the party of the Low Church and Dissent , of resistance theory , and committed to the need for an aggressive stance against France , whilst the Tories remain the party of the Church , of non-resistance , and more isolationist in foreign affairs .
moreover , the struggle between the whigs and tories suggests a large degree of continuity with the period before the glorious revolution : the whigs are still the party of the low church and dissent , of resistance theory , and committed to the need for an aggressive stance against france , [while] the tories remain the party of the church , of non-resistance , and more isolationist in foreign affairs .

Over time the Country platform became increasingly identified with the Tory party , whilst the Whigs in turn essentially became a Court party .
over time the country platform became increasingly identified with the tory party , [while] the whigs in turn essentially became a court party .

Although proposals for secret ballots and annual elections came to nothing , a Triennial Bill was passed into law in 1694 , whilst in 1696 Acts were passed to prevent electoral charges and expenses ( to keep the price of a contest within the gentry 's means ) and to prevent local changes in the established franchise ( which were generally thought to be made to the Court 's advantage ) .
although proposals for secret ballots and annual elections came to nothing , a triennial bill was passed into law in 1694 , [while] in 1696 acts were passed to prevent electoral charges and expenses ( to keep the price of a contest within the gentry 's means ) and to prevent local changes in the established franchise ( which were generally thought to be made to the court 's advantage ) .

The Leeds Tories ( the followers of the former Earl of Danby , now Duke of Leeds ) , stayed in office after the rise of the Junto in 1694 , whilst the moderate Whig Dukes of Shrewsbury , Somerset and Newcastle worked with the Tories after the fall of the Whig ministry in 1710 .
the leeds tories ( the followers of the former earl of danby , now duke of leeds ) , stayed in office after the rise of the junto in 1694 , [while] the moderate whig dukes of shrewsbury , somerset and newcastle worked with the tories after the fall of the whig ministry in 1710 .

What we have , it seems , is a Court–Country division cutting across party , but one that is blurred by the fact that some old Tories ( even though backbenchers ) opposed a measure which they thought was an encroachment on the royal prerogative , whilst some Whigs ( even those close to the Court ) felt obliged to support a measure which reflected old Whig principles .
what we have , it seems , is a court–country division cutting across party , but one that is blurred by the fact that some old tories ( even though backbenchers ) opposed a measure which they thought was an encroachment on the royal prerogative , [while] some whigs ( even those close to the court ) felt obliged to support a measure which reflected old whig principles .

The death of Mary in 1694 , which left William as sole ruling monarch , had the effect of furthering the Tory commitment to a Country platform , whilst at the same time increasing the reluctance of those who normally supported the Whigs from engaging in any criticism of the Crown .
the death of mary in 1694 , which left william as sole ruling monarch , had the effect of furthering the tory commitment to a country platform , [while] at the same time increasing the reluctance of those who normally supported the whigs from engaging in any criticism of the crown .

Whilst Whigs of all complexions signed with no hesitation , the Country Tories were much more reluctant to swear allegiance in such unqualified terms , although many eventually complied when signing was made compulsory .
[while] whigs of all complexions signed with no hesitation , the country tories were much more reluctant to swear allegiance in such unqualified terms , although many eventually complied when signing was made compulsory .

The electorate was steadily expanding during the course of the Stuart century , so that by Anne 's reign perhaps as many as one in four adult males had the right to vote , whilst the passage of the Triennial Act in 1694 meant that those who were enfranchised had the opportunity to make their voice known in frequently contested elections .
the electorate was steadily expanding during the course of the stuart century , so that by anne 's reign perhaps as many as one in four adult males had the right to vote , [while] the passage of the triennial act in 1694 meant that those who were enfranchised had the opportunity to make their voice known in frequently contested elections .

By 1705 there were twelve newspapers appearing regularly in London , whilst by the end of Anne 's reign Bristol , Liverpool , Newcastle-upon-Tyne , Norwich , Nottingham , Stamford and Worcester each had their own press .
by 1705 there were twelve newspapers appearing regularly in london , [while] by the end of anne 's reign bristol , liverpool , newcastle-upon-tyne , norwich , nottingham , stamford and worcester each had their own press .

Swift said of his Examiner that he was writing `` to the Vulgar , more than the Learned `` , whilst Leslie saw his Rehearsal as intended for the `` common people `` who had been poisoned by the pernicious principles of the Whigs .
swift said of his examiner that he was writing `` to the vulgar , more than the learned `` , [while] leslie saw his rehearsal as intended for the `` common people `` who had been poisoned by the pernicious principles of the whigs .

On another occasion a mob smashed the windows of the Guildhall whilst the Whig common council was in session .
on another occasion a mob smashed the windows of the guildhall [while] the whig common council was in session .

The remodelling of commissions of the peace , and the careful disposal of government offices , had the effect of greatly increasing the ability of the government-backed party to bring pressure to bear on electors to vote in their favour , whilst the mere fact that the Crown was making a clear statement as to where its own political sympathies lay was often by itself a powerful factor in swaying public opinion .
the remodelling of commissions of the peace , and the careful disposal of government offices , had the effect of greatly increasing the ability of the government-backed party to bring pressure to bear on electors to vote in their favour , [while] the mere fact that the crown was making a clear statement as to where its own political sympathies lay was often by itself a powerful factor in swaying public opinion .

Out of 2,560 freeholders voting in Bedfordshire in 1705 , for example , only 313 ( 12.2 per cent ) split their votes , whilst in 1715 a mere 142 out of 2,529 split them ( 5.6 per cent ) .
out of 2,560 freeholders voting in bedfordshire in 1705 , for example , only 313 ( 12.2 per cent ) split their votes , [while] in 1715 a mere 142 out of 2,529 split them ( 5.6 per cent ) .

When two Whigs and one Tory stood for Hampshire in 1705 , only 201 out of 3,517 freeholders voting split their votes ( 5.7 per cent ) , whilst 724 plumped for the single Tory candidate .
when two whigs and one tory stood for hampshire in 1705 , only 201 out of 3,517 freeholders voting split their votes ( 5.7 per cent ) , [while] 724 plumped for the single tory candidate .

Patronage tended to be more important , however , in boroughs with smaller electorates : Lord Brooke dominated Warwick 's 400 voters , the Whig Earl of Carlisle dominated Morperth 's electorate of 120 , whilst there were a number of proprietary boroughs with electorates of fewer than 100 where both seats remained safe for a particular party .
patronage tended to be more important , however , in boroughs with smaller electorates : lord brooke dominated warwick 's 400 voters , the whig earl of carlisle dominated morperth 's electorate of 120 , [while] there were a number of proprietary boroughs with electorates of fewer than 100 where both seats remained safe for a particular party .

In the 1698 General Election , Wharton 's candidates fared relatively badly in several Buckinghamshire constituencies , including the county , whilst in Oxfordshire , where Wharton was Lord Lieutenant , his candidates were defeated by two Tories .
in the 1698 general election , wharton 's candidates fared relatively badly in several buckinghamshire constituencies , including the county , [while] in oxfordshire , where wharton was lord lieutenant , his candidates were defeated by two tories .

Dissenters were visibly active in support of Whig candidates at the polls , and their electoral impact was often significant , since they might have comprised one-fifth of the total electorate , whilst in some constituencies the proportion of voters who were Nonconformists was much higher .
dissenters were visibly active in support of whig candidates at the polls , and their electoral impact was often significant , since they might have comprised one-fifth of the total electorate , [while] in some constituencies the proportion of voters who were nonconformists was much higher .

As these figures suggest , however , there was always a small minority of Low Church clergy who sided with the Whigs , whilst the Low Church bishops , of course , often used whatever influence they could to frustrate the election of Tories .
as these figures suggest , however , there was always a small minority of low church clergy who sided with the whigs , [while] the low church bishops , of course , often used whatever influence they could to frustrate the election of tories .

Only three Tories served as directors of the Bank of England between 1694 and 1715 , compared to a total of thirty Whigs , whilst of the known directors of the New East India Company in the period 1698 – 1708 , again only three were Tories , as opposed to thirteen Whigs .
only three tories served as directors of the bank of england between 1694 and 1715 , compared to a total of thirty whigs , [while] of the known directors of the new east india company in the period 1698 – 1708 , again only three were tories , as opposed to thirteen whigs .

At least 43 per cent of those who served as directors of the Bank of England between 1694 and 1715 were either Dissenters or from Dissenting backgrounds , whilst persons from the Dissenting interest also figured prominently as holders of Bank stock and as directors of the New East India Company .
at least 43 per cent of those who served as directors of the bank of england between 1694 and 1715 were either dissenters or from dissenting backgrounds , [while] persons from the dissenting interest also figured prominently as holders of bank stock and as directors of the new east india company .

By the end of Anne 's reign , in contrast , the majority of the substantial companies were Whig in sympathy , whilst the lesser companies were predominantly Tory .
by the end of anne 's reign , in contrast , the majority of the substantial companies were whig in sympathy , [while] the lesser companies were predominantly tory .

Whilst there is much truth in the view that the Tories were gaining popular support at the expense of the Whigs , care must be taken not to exaggerate the shift in public opinion that was occurring during this time .
[while] there is much truth in the view that the tories were gaining popular support at the expense of the whigs , care must be taken not to exaggerate the shift in public opinion that was occurring during this time .

There were those whose attachment to the principles of divine right and hereditary succession was so strong that they felt that James and his heirs could be the only legitimate Kings of England , whilst others turned to Jacobitism out of disillusionment with political developments since the Revolution .
there were those whose attachment to the principles of divine right and hereditary succession was so strong that they felt that james and his heirs could be the only legitimate kings of england , [while] others turned to jacobitism out of disillusionment with political developments since the revolution .

The second Earl of Clarendon was involved in the Preston Plot of 1690 , as was Bishop Turner of Ely , whilst at various times Charles Leslie and George Hickes worked for the exiled Court .
the second earl of clarendon was involved in the preston plot of 1690 , as was bishop turner of ely , [while] at various times charles leslie and george hickes worked for the exiled court .

In November 1691 , for example , Clemens Storey , a London woollendraper , expressed his belief that King James was `` the right and lawfull King `` , whilst in September 1695 George Dent , a Southwark glover , allegedly said that `` King James hath more right to the Crowne than King William and that King William is not Lawfull King , and that he is a Nasty Little Fellow `` .
in november 1691 , for example , clemens storey , a london woollendraper , expressed his belief that king james was `` the right and lawfull king `` , [while] in september 1695 george dent , a southwark glover , allegedly said that `` king james hath more right to the crowne than king william and that king william is not lawfull king , and that he is a nasty little fellow `` .

William Pennington , a London labourer , allegedly said in December 1689 `` God damne King William and Queene Mary for a Dutch Dogg and a Dutch Bitch `` , whilst in the summer of that year George Smith , after drinking a pot of ale in an alehouse in Coleman Street , had said `` God Damn all the Dutch Men … Bake them in An Oven and Broile them on a GridIron `` .
william pennington , a london labourer , allegedly said in december 1689 `` god damne king william and queene mary for a dutch dogg and a dutch bitch `` , [while] in the summer of that year george smith , after drinking a pot of ale in an alehouse in coleman street , had said `` god damn all the dutch men … bake them in an oven and broile them on a gridiron `` .

It is true that cases of seditious words brought before the courts at the time of the disturbances show that disaffection was often expressed in terms of a belief in Stuart legitimism : in early 1715 , Londoner Phillip Hide cursed King George and said `` he had no right to the Crowne of England `` , whilst on 29 May 1715 , during the Jacobite demonstrations in London , John Burnoist was noticed to be wandering the streets shouting `` James the third is right and Lawfull King of England `` , the `` protector of the protestant religion `` , and `` George is a Usurper to the Crown `` .
it is true that cases of seditious words brought before the courts at the time of the disturbances show that disaffection was often expressed in terms of a belief in stuart legitimism : in early 1715 , londoner phillip hide cursed king george and said `` he had no right to the crowne of england `` , [while] on 29 may 1715 , during the jacobite demonstrations in london , john burnoist was noticed to be wandering the streets shouting `` james the third is right and lawfull king of england `` , the `` protector of the protestant religion `` , and `` george is a usurper to the crown `` .

As we have seen , there were a variety of different types of Jacobitism , whilst the serious source problems involved in studying this subject will always limit our understanding and inevitably mean that there will continue to be much room for interpretative disagreements .
as we have seen , there were a variety of different types of jacobitism , [while] the serious source problems involved in studying this subject will always limit our understanding and inevitably mean that there will continue to be much room for interpretative disagreements .

The battle was fought out in three short Parliaments which met between 1679 and 1681 , after which politics was driven out-of-doors for the rest of the reign , whilst during the period of the Tory Reaction a successful campaign of legal recriminations taken against the political enemies of the Court meant that the first Whigs as a political movement were almost destroyed .
the battle was fought out in three short parliaments which met between 1679 and 1681 , after which politics was driven out-of-doors for the rest of the reign , [while] during the period of the tory reaction a successful campaign of legal recriminations taken against the political enemies of the court meant that the first whigs as a political movement were almost destroyed .

Certainly there were new developments after 1660 which created new sources of political tension and which fed into the emergence of party , whilst over time the parties modified and adapted their positions to cope with new problems , issues and contingencies .
certainly there were new developments after 1660 which created new sources of political tension and which fed into the emergence of party , [while] over time the parties modified and adapted their positions to cope with new problems , issues and contingencies .

Under William and Anne a certain degree of ideological adjustment can be detected for both parties , as the Whigs shed their Country wing and became to all intents and purposes a Court party , whilst the Country platform came to be absorbed within Toryism .
under william and anne a certain degree of ideological adjustment can be detected for both parties , as the whigs shed their country wing and became to all intents and purposes a court party , [while] the country platform came to be absorbed within toryism .

Whilst games are not of themselves drama , many do contain important dramatic elements : ritual , role play , narrative , symbolic action and symbolic use of space for example .
[while] games are not of themselves drama , many do contain important dramatic elements : ritual , role play , narrative , symbolic action and symbolic use of space for example .

Whilst it is productive to ask boys and girls to work in small groups together , it is often very embarrassing for them to be asked to choose a partner of the opposite gender .
[while] it is productive to ask boys and girls to work in small groups together , it is often very embarrassing for them to be asked to choose a partner of the opposite gender .

Whilst it is our preference to generate fees for the provision of professional advice on a transaction we may also generate fees for a brokerage transaction .
[while] it is our preference to generate fees for the provision of professional advice on a transaction we may also generate fees for a brokerage transaction .

directors , officers and employees of such bodies whilst acting in their professional capacity , whose employment involves them in investment business activities .
directors , officers and employees of such bodies [while] acting in their professional capacity , whose employment involves them in investment business activities .

Whilst an anonymous approach is accepted practice , the purchaser should be advised of the negative features of this approach so that it can consider whether its need for initial anonymity is warranted .
[while] an anonymous approach is accepted practice , the purchaser should be advised of the negative features of this approach so that it can consider whether its need for initial anonymity is warranted .

Whilst the purchaser may wish to elicit the vendors ' considered expectations before giving any indication , it is doubtful that much progress will be made in satisfying the above objectives without the purchaser giving a suitably caveated valuation range or at least an indication of the band of earnings multiples/net asset premiums it may be prepared to apply .
[while] the purchaser may wish to elicit the vendors ' considered expectations before giving any indication , it is doubtful that much progress will be made in satisfying the above objectives without the purchaser giving a suitably caveated valuation range or at least an indication of the band of earnings multiples/net asset premiums it may be prepared to apply .

Whilst the heads as a whole should be marked ‘ subject to contract and not legally binding ’ , where the heads refer to confidentiality and exclusivity these clauses should be expressly marked as legally binding .
[while] the heads as a whole should be marked ‘ subject to contract and not legally binding ’ , where the heads refer to confidentiality and exclusivity these clauses should be expressly marked as legally binding .

Whilst in most cases evident , the contract should identify those members of the client 's board , management or the client 's agents on whose instructions the firm is entitled to act .
[while] in most cases evident , the contract should identify those members of the client 's board , management or the client 's agents on whose instructions the firm is entitled to act .

Whilst the timetable may need to be flexed throughout the transaction , it needs to include regular meetings to coordinate the input from the various parties .
[while] the timetable may need to be flexed throughout the transaction , it needs to include regular meetings to coordinate the input from the various parties .

Whilst boards of directors may delegate the day to day conduct of an offer to individual directors or committees of directors , the board as a whole must ensure that proper arrangements are in place to enable it to monitor that conduct in order that each director may fulfil that responsibility .
[while] boards of directors may delegate the day to day conduct of an offer to individual directors or committees of directors , the board as a whole must ensure that proper arrangements are in place to enable it to monitor that conduct in order that each director may fulfil that responsibility .

Whilst we may agree , at your request , to release a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for release is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to release a draft it , if in our view , release is not appropriate .
[while] we may agree , at your request , to release a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for release is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to release a draft it , if in our view , release is not appropriate .

Whilst an estimate of our fees has been given , additional costs may be required as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in obtaining information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused additional work not included in the original estimate .
[while] an estimate of our fees has been given , additional costs may be required as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in obtaining information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused additional work not included in the original estimate .

Whilst we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to verify its contents .
[while] we shall be responsible for the preparation of the memorandum , you should appreciate that we will not attempt to verify its contents .

This decision has been vindicated by the fact that sales have grown whilst showroom costs have clearly been reduced .
this decision has been vindicated by the fact that sales have grown [while] showroom costs have clearly been reduced .

This feature should clearly be borne in mind whilst selecting a shortlist .
this feature should clearly be borne in mind [while] selecting a shortlist .

All fee quotations exclude Value Added Tax and any outlays that we may incur whilst carrying our assignments .
all fee quotations exclude value added tax and any outlays that we may incur [while] carrying our assignments .

Whilst the Purchaser can accept that the Memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the Purchaser in agreeing to buy the Business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the Vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .
[while] the purchaser can accept that the memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the purchaser in agreeing to buy the business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .

Furthermore , whilst the audited accounts may provide comfort in relation to the overall financial position of the Business , the Purchaser needs to be able to rely on the past records of the business for all sorts of other reasons — e.g .
furthermore , [while] the audited accounts may provide comfort in relation to the overall financial position of the business , the purchaser needs to be able to rely on the past records of the business for all sorts of other reasons — e.g .

This will take four made up rods , landing net and accessories whilst still leaving enough room for several rods in cloth bags to be carried internally .
this will take four made up rods , landing net and accessories [while] still leaving enough room for several rods in cloth bags to be carried internally .

The Fox Super Deluxe Bedchair is ideal for long sessions , whilst the Adjusta Level Chair is ideal for the roving angler .
the fox super deluxe bedchair is ideal for long sessions , [while] the adjusta level chair is ideal for the roving angler .

The main frame is constructed out of three shock corded poles which break down for convenient transportation whilst the dome itself fits away compactly .
the main frame is constructed out of three shock corded poles which break down for convenient transportation [while] the dome itself fits away compactly .

To catch a 2lb roach whilst actually fishing for roach is the pinnacle of success .
to catch a 2lb roach [while] actually fishing for roach is the pinnacle of success .

The advantages of being able to run baits out to any spot within range of your radio signal are obvious even to an objector and to sit on a reservoir bank as electro-man catches pike on free-lined herrings at 200 yards , whilst my weapon hangs limp in the still air waiting for a stiff breeze has been frustrating .
the advantages of being able to run baits out to any spot within range of your radio signal are obvious even to an objector and to sit on a reservoir bank as electro-man catches pike on free-lined herrings at 200 yards , [while] my weapon hangs limp in the still air waiting for a stiff breeze has been frustrating .

The study puts both the Great Famine and the potato in the Irish diet into perspective whilst attempting a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional techniques and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social conditions .
the study puts both the great famine and the potato in the irish diet into perspective [while] attempting a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional techniques and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social conditions .

Whilst much has been written about its open fields , the community at Laxton has received relatively little attention .
[while] much has been written about its open fields , the community at laxton has received relatively little attention .

Whilst some preliminary evaluation of local enterprise agencies has taken place , none has focused on the particular conditions of business development in rural areas .
[while] some preliminary evaluation of local enterprise agencies has taken place , none has focused on the particular conditions of business development in rural areas .

Whilst these decision aids have been successfully used in certain instances , they are not in regular use in the majority of organisations .
[while] these decision aids have been successfully used in certain instances , they are not in regular use in the majority of organisations .

Whilst the information revolution has resulted in a great deal of attention being paid to the technology of information processing , unfortunately less attention has been given to the environment in which this processing takes place .
[while] the information revolution has resulted in a great deal of attention being paid to the technology of information processing , unfortunately less attention has been given to the environment in which this processing takes place .

It is also known that whilst some companies provide only the minimum information required by law , other companies provide additional information voluntarily .
it is also known that [while] some companies provide only the minimum information required by law , other companies provide additional information voluntarily .

Whilst the Reynolds Committee guidelines and the Winfield Report are beginning to influence research student supervision , there still remains considerable variety in provision .
[while] the reynolds committee guidelines and the winfield report are beginning to influence research student supervision , there still remains considerable variety in provision .

Whilst they may compete quality scientists away from local firms , they may also enhance their knowledge and broaden their research horizons and perceptions .
[while] they may compete quality scientists away from local firms , they may also enhance their knowledge and broaden their research horizons and perceptions .

Whilst the costs of conservation can be measured relatively easily ( for example , the direct costs of site management or the production possibilities if the land were used for agriculture or forestry ) , there are almost no tangible measures of the benefits of conservation .
[while] the costs of conservation can be measured relatively easily ( for example , the direct costs of site management or the production possibilities if the land were used for agriculture or forestry ) , there are almost no tangible measures of the benefits of conservation .

This research aims to do that and , whilst it will not ‘ value ’ the benefits , these will be itemised and related to those costs and perhaps cheaper ways of producing similar benefits found .
this research aims to do that and , [while] it will not ‘ value ’ the benefits , these will be itemised and related to those costs and perhaps cheaper ways of producing similar benefits found .

Private renting has now been largely replaced by owner occupation and council renting and manufacturing jobs have increasingly disappeared , whilst managerial and professional jobs have shown a rapid increase .
private renting has now been largely replaced by owner occupation and council renting and manufacturing jobs have increasingly disappeared , [while] managerial and professional jobs have shown a rapid increase .

The existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and additional mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of increasing returns whilst avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may possess .
the existence of significant economies of scale within the economy also means that the standard theorems of welfare economics on the efficiency of a market economy no longer apply , and additional mechanisms must be designed for achieving the advantages of increasing returns [while] avoiding the disadvantages of the exploitation of market power which large organisations may possess .

Whilst it is not possible to fool the private sector repeatedly , issues of credibility and the extent of discretion are important .
[while] it is not possible to fool the private sector repeatedly , issues of credibility and the extent of discretion are important .

Mortgage Protection — Whilst it is not compulsory , it may be advisable to ensure that in the event of death before the loan is repaid , funds will be available to pay off the loan .
mortgage protection — [while] it is not compulsory , it may be advisable to ensure that in the event of death before the loan is repaid , funds will be available to pay off the loan .

Whilst Lympho-paque is ideal for most mammalian lymphocytes .
[while] lympho-paque is ideal for most mammalian lymphocytes .

Whilst practioners argue that still more monies need to be spent , government concern over demand-led expenditure has increased .
[while] practioners argue that still more monies need to be spent , government concern over demand-led expenditure has increased .

Similarly , whilst until then the activity rates of older women had been climbing , thereafter they have levelled off .
similarly , [while] until then the activity rates of older women had been climbing , thereafter they have levelled off .

Whilst we know it is much more common than previously thought , we do not know how common it is .
[while] we know it is much more common than previously thought , we do not know how common it is .

Samples of 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 year old girls and young women will be drawn from the records of two schools which , whilst having similar socio-economic composition , differ in their overall crime rates .
samples of 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 year old girls and young women will be drawn from the records of two schools which , [while] having similar socio-economic composition , differ in their overall crime rates .

There will be meetings in 1986 in Beijing and in Cambridge , whilst in 1987 it is hoped that a national conference attended by the Rank Xerox Unit will introduce the whole of China to the techniques and analysis .
there will be meetings in 1986 in beijing and in cambridge , [while] in 1987 it is hoped that a national conference attended by the rank xerox unit will introduce the whole of china to the techniques and analysis .

Whilst there has been considerable theoretical work in the area , there has been little empirical study of either state , or colleague control of professional practice .
[while] there has been considerable theoretical work in the area , there has been little empirical study of either state , or colleague control of professional practice .

Whilst many voluntary and private child care organisations have diversified , the majority remain heavily committed in terms of both human and capital resources to the provision of residential care .
[while] many voluntary and private child care organisations have diversified , the majority remain heavily committed in terms of both human and capital resources to the provision of residential care .

The central objective of that method is to exploit research into second language learning , and to equip students with a practical mastery of speaking , listening , reading and writing skills , whilst maintaining and extending the intellectual demands on the learner .
the central objective of that method is to exploit research into second language learning , and to equip students with a practical mastery of speaking , listening , reading and writing skills , [while] maintaining and extending the intellectual demands on the learner .

Seven projects were funded under this initiative ; three focussed on multilingual education whilst the other four were concerned with the relationship of ethnic minority pupils with their white counterparts , their teachers and the organisational structure of schools .
seven projects were funded under this initiative ; three focussed on multilingual education [while] the other four were concerned with the relationship of ethnic minority pupils with their white counterparts , their teachers and the organisational structure of schools .

Whilst paying due attention to individual differences among incoming students as a potential source of subsequent competence , the investigator is especially concerned with the effects upon this of variation in course provision and course participation .
[while] paying due attention to individual differences among incoming students as a potential source of subsequent competence , the investigator is especially concerned with the effects upon this of variation in course provision and course participation .

The first part of the research will focus on local authorities ' total expenditure , whilst the second principle objective of the research will be to investigate whether the reforms lead to a change in the pattern of service provision .
the first part of the research will focus on local authorities ' total expenditure , [while] the second principle objective of the research will be to investigate whether the reforms lead to a change in the pattern of service provision .

Whilst thinking furiously about the play of the rest of the hand , you try the queen of hearts from dummy , which wins the first trick .
[while] thinking furiously about the play of the rest of the hand , you try the queen of hearts from dummy , which wins the first trick .

Whilst this is an excellent weekend for lighthearted gatherings and sociable soirees it 's a tough time for taking orders or giving way to the superior power or authority of others .
[while] this is an excellent weekend for lighthearted gatherings and sociable soirees it 's a tough time for taking orders or giving way to the superior power or authority of others .

Keep this in your mind whilst considering a domestic or emotional problem .
keep this in your mind [while] considering a domestic or emotional problem .

The plans then were delayed considerably whilst discussions were pursued with the Scottish Office and the Treasury over the financial details .
the plans then were delayed considerably [while] discussions were pursued with the scottish office and the treasury over the financial details .

For some citizens local affairs are seen as ‘ political ’ whilst others regard them as ‘ non-political ’ .
for some citizens local affairs are seen as ‘ political ’ [while] others regard them as ‘ non-political ’ .

Sally Line donated a crossing to another team who reached Paris , others were given coach tickets at Victoria Coach Station , teams reached Bristol , Lindisfarne and Gretna Green whilst the Elephant Washing Company went to Windsor Safari Park and washed an elephant .
sally line donated a crossing to another team who reached paris , others were given coach tickets at victoria coach station , teams reached bristol , lindisfarne and gretna green [while] the elephant washing company went to windsor safari park and washed an elephant .

Whilst these conditions prevail the Board of Inland Revenue will allow a modest extension of the 12 month period if there has been a continuing intention to sell .
[while] these conditions prevail the board of inland revenue will allow a modest extension of the 12 month period if there has been a continuing intention to sell .

Whilst farmers increased their borrowing in 1991 , in 1992 it was reduced .
[while] farmers increased their borrowing in 1991 , in 1992 it was reduced .

Your initial appraisal indicates that whilst the contract is n't laydown , there are reasonable prospects for success .
your initial appraisal indicates that [while] the contract is n't laydown , there are reasonable prospects for success .

We recognise that our resources are different in nature and serve different purposes , and that whilst computers may suit one use , paper records are better for others .
we recognise that our resources are different in nature and serve different purposes , and that [while] computers may suit one use , paper records are better for others .

The historical archives collection , whilst now in reasonable physical condition , and in ‘ primary-sort ’ order ( principally by the Regius Keeper at the date of the correspondence ) , is unindexed .
the historical archives collection , [while] now in reasonable physical condition , and in ‘ primary-sort ’ order ( principally by the regius keeper at the date of the correspondence ) , is unindexed .

Whilst the 1985 Act obliges us to ‘ afford access to our lands for the purposes of knowledge and enjoyment ’ , it is perhaps true to say that most visitors , possibly as many as 95 % , make use of the Gardens as an amenity , and that we may have failed to emphasise the ‘ knowledge ’ goal .
[while] the 1985 act obliges us to ‘ afford access to our lands for the purposes of knowledge and enjoyment ’ , it is perhaps true to say that most visitors , possibly as many as 95 % , make use of the gardens as an amenity , and that we may have failed to emphasise the ‘ knowledge ’ goal .

Experimental horticulture at this level would provide much-needed scientific background data for improved cultivation methods for plants from extreme environments , whilst providing visitors with an appreciation of the principles involved in habitat modeling , plant diversity , and plant collecting in the regions we specialise in .
experimental horticulture at this level would provide much-needed scientific background data for improved cultivation methods for plants from extreme environments , [while] providing visitors with an appreciation of the principles involved in habitat modeling , plant diversity , and plant collecting in the regions we specialise in .

Whilst some of our design work can be contracted out , the recent installation of computer hardware and software dedicated to graphic design will reduce costs after staff have been suitably trained .
[while] some of our design work can be contracted out , the recent installation of computer hardware and software dedicated to graphic design will reduce costs after staff have been suitably trained .

Whilst much of our design work should be carried out within Public Services , there are other staff who carry out design work in Garden Departments , Business , Publications , and other areas .
[while] much of our design work should be carried out within public services , there are other staff who carry out design work in garden departments , business , publications , and other areas .

We strongly feel that the implementation of sound information policies will lead to improvements in efficiency , and hence to cost savings , whilst supporting a much higher level of research within the organization .
we strongly feel that the implementation of sound information policies will lead to improvements in efficiency , and hence to cost savings , [while] supporting a much higher level of research within the organization .

Whilst we can take suitable precautions within the Library to protect books , we are unable to protect publications on loan to staff , or indeed staff 's own copies of leather-bound books within the Herbarium .
[while] we can take suitable precautions within the library to protect books , we are unable to protect publications on loan to staff , or indeed staff 's own copies of leather-bound books within the herbarium .

Conversely , whilst there may in a few cases be valid reasons for a high quality paper not being submitted to such journals , it could be argued that in some cases publication outside the core represents a negative value judgement on the quality of that research .
conversely , [while] there may in a few cases be valid reasons for a high quality paper not being submitted to such journals , it could be argued that in some cases publication outside the core represents a negative value judgement on the quality of that research .

Whilst peers may not read everything written in their field , they do at least know who is writing .
[while] peers may not read everything written in their field , they do at least know who is writing .

Such a situation could only come about if researchers are encouraged to at least prepare for publication , if not to actually publish , papers on their research whilst they are still in the environs of the university .
such a situation could only come about if researchers are encouraged to at least prepare for publication , if not to actually publish , papers on their research [while] they are still in the environs of the university .

Whilst geological studies were employed during the last War , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges etc .
[while] geological studies were employed during the last war , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges etc .

Many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; whilst many others are involved in other mineral extraction industries .
many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; [while] many others are involved in other mineral extraction industries .

The literature of Scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the Scottish Journal of Geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as Precambrian Research , Chemical Geology , Tectonophysics , and similar publications .
the literature of scottish geology , however , [while] it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the scottish journal of geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as precambrian research , chemical geology , tectonophysics , and similar publications .

If a stepping motor is used to change the position of a mechanical load by several steps the system designer needs to know how much torque the motor can produce whilst accelerating , decelerating or running at constant speed .
if a stepping motor is used to change the position of a mechanical load by several steps the system designer needs to know how much torque the motor can produce [while] accelerating , decelerating or running at constant speed .

Whilst present cost considerations may exclude the use of a dedicated microprocessor it may be possible to direct any spare processing capability towards stepping motor control .
[while] present cost considerations may exclude the use of a dedicated microprocessor it may be possible to direct any spare processing capability towards stepping motor control .

In the Appalachian region there were repeated uplifts giving rise to coarse detritus in the trough to the west , whilst a vast shallow carbonate-depositing sea extended over the stable interior of North America as far as the Pacific ranges .
in the appalachian region there were repeated uplifts giving rise to coarse detritus in the trough to the west , [while] a vast shallow carbonate-depositing sea extended over the stable interior of north america as far as the pacific ranges .

At this time , the payroll activity , with the exception of salaries and the London weekly payroll , was within the Finance Directorate reporting to site accountants whilst personnel was within the Personnel Directorate and reporting to Site Personnel Managers ( see figure 2 ) .
at this time , the payroll activity , with the exception of salaries and the london weekly payroll , was within the finance directorate reporting to site accountants [while] personnel was within the personnel directorate and reporting to site personnel managers ( see figure 2 ) .

For instance , the state may provide goods and services that are in little demand , whilst discouraging others ( via taxation ) that might otherwise have been bought .
for instance , the state may provide goods and services that are in little demand , [while] discouraging others ( via taxation ) that might otherwise have been bought .

The scale of their operations and their expertise enable them to provide lenders with easily marketable paper claims , denominated in small units and with relatively low yield , whilst at the same time lending to borrowers on a long-term higher-yield basis ( e.g .
the scale of their operations and their expertise enable them to provide lenders with easily marketable paper claims , denominated in small units and with relatively low yield , [while] at the same time lending to borrowers on a long-term higher-yield basis ( e.g .

Insurance companies use people 's savings to acquire a range or portfolio of assets which they then manage in such a way as to make profit , whilst at the same time providing cover against contingencies .
insurance companies use people 's savings to acquire a range or portfolio of assets which they then manage in such a way as to make profit , [while] at the same time providing cover against contingencies .

they prove defective whilst ‘ in consumer use ’ ( i.e. not used exclusively for the purposes of a business ) .
they prove defective [while] ‘ in consumer use ’ ( i.e. not used exclusively for the purposes of a business ) .

Where customary , the seller must give sufficient information to the buyer to enable him to insure the goods whilst in transit by sea , section 32(3) .
where customary , the seller must give sufficient information to the buyer to enable him to insure the goods [while] in transit by sea , section 32(3) .

She was also attracted by the opportunity to do advocacy whilst serving articles , which is only possible in a local authority .
she was also attracted by the opportunity to do advocacy [while] serving articles , which is only possible in a local authority .

Whilst agreeing with the Commission about the desirability of reducing the number of crown court cases which are prepared for trial but where the defendant unexpectedly pleads guilty at the last moment , it believes that there are other ways of tackling this problem which do not pose a threat to the interests of justice .
[while] agreeing with the commission about the desirability of reducing the number of crown court cases which are prepared for trial but where the defendant unexpectedly pleads guilty at the last moment , it believes that there are other ways of tackling this problem which do not pose a threat to the interests of justice .

Whilst welcoming the recommendation that the defence has an enforceable right of access to forensic material held by the prosecution , the Law Society is concerned and surprised that it is not proposed that this will extend to unused material generally .
[while] welcoming the recommendation that the defence has an enforceable right of access to forensic material held by the prosecution , the law society is concerned and surprised that it is not proposed that this will extend to unused material generally .

Improved supervision and training in the supervision of investigations — whilst recognising the de-motivating ‘ pressure for results ’ [ which do not necessarily benefit the public ] under which the police often work , the Law Society is concerned that unless these pressures are removed and replaced by monitoring which measures the quality of their work instead , some police officers will continue to allow their preconceptions about an individual 's guilt to affect the way in which they investigate crimes , limiting their enquiries to those which bolster the prosecution case .
improved supervision and training in the supervision of investigations — [while] recognising the de-motivating ‘ pressure for results ’ [ which do not necessarily benefit the public ] under which the police often work , the law society is concerned that unless these pressures are removed and replaced by monitoring which measures the quality of their work instead , some police officers will continue to allow their preconceptions about an individual 's guilt to affect the way in which they investigate crimes , limiting their enquiries to those which bolster the prosecution case .

‘ Whilst the service has been very high , we are investigating with Eurodollar of ways to further increase customer satisfaction , ’ explained .
‘ [while] the service has been very high , we are investigating with eurodollar of ways to further increase customer satisfaction , ’ explained .

‘ The media also realised that the burning of coal causes acid rain — causing damage to lakes and forests — whilst nuclear power does not , ’ he added .
‘ the media also realised that the burning of coal causes acid rain — causing damage to lakes and forests — [while] nuclear power does not , ’ he added .

Whilst understanding the reasons for change as part of AEAs evolution , he was unclear as to why the announcement had been made now but appreciated being given the information so explicitly and comprehensively .
[while] understanding the reasons for change as part of aeas evolution , he was unclear as to why the announcement had been made now but appreciated being given the information so explicitly and comprehensively .

They exist only whilst the computer is turned on and the word-processing program is active .
they exist only [while] the computer is turned on and the word-processing program is active .

It 's noticeable that BoP is in version 1.0 , whilst Designer Labels is at version 1.2 , and certainly , Designer Labels is the slicker of the two .
it 's noticeable that bop is in version 1.0 , [while] designer labels is at version 1.2 , and certainly , designer labels is the slicker of the two .

Whilst colour dithering enables the user to get a rough and ready idea of the true colours it is not really suitable for anyone involved in full colour work .
[while] colour dithering enables the user to get a rough and ready idea of the true colours it is not really suitable for anyone involved in full colour work .

MegaCAD 3.3 claims to be just this — with ‘ rapid learning whilst maintaining the highest efficiency being the uppermost principles ’ .
megacad 3.3 claims to be just this — with ‘ rapid learning [while] maintaining the highest efficiency being the uppermost principles ’ .

When one or more applications are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one application can be chosen to be active whilst the others remain idle but ready for use .
when one or more applications are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one application can be chosen to be active [while] the others remain idle but ready for use .

Double clicking the mouse whilst the pointer is over a selected area is the normal way of starting any application from an icon .
double clicking the mouse [while] the pointer is over a selected area is the normal way of starting any application from an icon .

Whilst the window is reduced to an icon , none of the program icons within the window can be activated .
[while] the window is reduced to an icon , none of the program icons within the window can be activated .

Each software house has its own methods of getting the code together — some have one team of programmers working on everything within the package , whilst others have teams devoted to separate bits , the whole lot coming together later down the road .
each software house has its own methods of getting the code together — some have one team of programmers working on everything within the package , [while] others have teams devoted to separate bits , the whole lot coming together later down the road .

Whilst the program can never replace a formal training course , it is still a very useful training method for both novice and experienced typists .
[while] the program can never replace a formal training course , it is still a very useful training method for both novice and experienced typists .

Different languages have varying alphabetic characters — the French have lots of accents , as do Germans and Dutch , whilst some European languages do n't use letters that others do .
different languages have varying alphabetic characters — the french have lots of accents , as do germans and dutch , [while] some european languages do n't use letters that others do .

The user interface follows accepted Windows methods whilst retaining a strong individual identity , which is no bad thing , and shows that not all Windows applications need to be clones of each other .
the user interface follows accepted windows methods [while] retaining a strong individual identity , which is no bad thing , and shows that not all windows applications need to be clones of each other .

The fire and safety project represents a substantial order and is for a new installation on the Umm-Shaif development , whilst the second incorporates a major element of fire protection systems for retrofit of an existing installation , the Zakum Central Super Complex .
the fire and safety project represents a substantial order and is for a new installation on the umm-shaif development , [while] the second incorporates a major element of fire protection systems for retrofit of an existing installation , the zakum central super complex .

Coupled with a down-turn in North Sea exploration which affected some areas of our business , this meant profits rose by some 10 per cent , whilst our turnover of £203.6 million increased by 17 per cent .
coupled with a down-turn in north sea exploration which affected some areas of our business , this meant profits rose by some 10 per cent , [while] our turnover of £203.6 million increased by 17 per cent .

John runs all year for fun and whilst training for this special event he was running between 5–20 miles a day .
john runs all year for fun and [while] training for this special event he was running between 5–20 miles a day .

More than ever before , the process industries are having to demonstrate , often publicly , improved safety and environmental performance , greater technical sophistication , and better quality and resource management , whilst always aiming for higher profits .
more than ever before , the process industries are having to demonstrate , often publicly , improved safety and environmental performance , greater technical sophistication , and better quality and resource management , [while] always aiming for higher profits .

Whilst Julia Browne 's interviews with animal portrait artists , none of whom have felt the effects of the recession in the art world , gives us any insight into a very different world , a world which rarely attracts any notice from the serious art press .
[while] julia browne 's interviews with animal portrait artists , none of whom have felt the effects of the recession in the art world , gives us any insight into a very different world , a world which rarely attracts any notice from the serious art press .

Whilst improvements in the material well-being of children during the period under consideration is measurable in the decrease in child mortality rates , and advances in education provision and medical care ( in other words the material evidence of the control and monitoring of children by the state ) , the historical changes which occur in the emotional/psychological category , ‘ the child ’ , are largely unknowable .
[while] improvements in the material well-being of children during the period under consideration is measurable in the decrease in child mortality rates , and advances in education provision and medical care ( in other words the material evidence of the control and monitoring of children by the state ) , the historical changes which occur in the emotional/psychological category , ‘ the child ’ , are largely unknowable .

Whilst humility , piety and obedience were the key words in the education for the deserving poor , the children of dynastic families were equally controlled as their representations suggest .
[while] humility , piety and obedience were the key words in the education for the deserving poor , the children of dynastic families were equally controlled as their representations suggest .

Gerald Brockhurst 's ‘ Adolescence ’ ( 1932 ) represents that awareness by the woman of her body and sexual identity whilst Eileen Cooper 's ‘ Play Dead ’ ( 1991 ) represents her own awareness of the developing sexuality of her son .
gerald brockhurst 's ‘ adolescence ’ ( 1932 ) represents that awareness by the woman of her body and sexual identity [while] eileen cooper 's ‘ play dead ’ ( 1991 ) represents her own awareness of the developing sexuality of her son .

Whilst some of the series include enough body to qualify as half-length , this separation severs any implied connection between head and body .
[while] some of the series include enough body to qualify as half-length , this separation severs any implied connection between head and body .

Whilst a mirror can allow a clear view of a painted ceiling , it can nonetheless be disorientating and disquieting .
[while] a mirror can allow a clear view of a painted ceiling , it can nonetheless be disorientating and disquieting .

Past President Jack Lee had a surprise whilst on holiday with Shirley in Austria .
past president jack lee had a surprise [while] on holiday with shirley in austria .

The prisoners were marched for thirty-four days , whilst carrying all our belongings , not to mention the blisters , from Kaisersteinbruch to Brunau .
the prisoners were marched for thirty-four days , [while] carrying all our belongings , not to mention the blisters , from kaisersteinbruch to brunau .

Whilst there is no denying that cartography in its more advanced forms was never seen as an integral part of geography , it is nevertheless true that as cartography adopted more advanced technology it became more remote from geography , possibly as a result of the relatively lower interest in technology among most geographers .
[while] there is no denying that cartography in its more advanced forms was never seen as an integral part of geography , it is nevertheless true that as cartography adopted more advanced technology it became more remote from geography , possibly as a result of the relatively lower interest in technology among most geographers .

We ordered them while on holiday there last Summer : an enforced break from the building — but we managed some fabulous flying in the sun whilst we were away .
we ordered them while on holiday there last summer : an enforced break from the building — but we managed some fabulous flying in the sun [while] we were away .

However , whilst other approaches offer superficial change , Disability arts carries the possibility of triggering the kind of fundamental change in mainstream arts that is vital for true integration .
however , [while] other approaches offer superficial change , disability arts carries the possibility of triggering the kind of fundamental change in mainstream arts that is vital for true integration .

Whilst making choices sounds simple , constant discrimination or extreme segregation have removed from many Disabled people the skills needed to make even basic decisions .
[while] making choices sounds simple , constant discrimination or extreme segregation have removed from many disabled people the skills needed to make even basic decisions .

Whilst Disabled people need to learn the opposite of traditional roles , non-Disabled people need to adopt altogether new roles , away from direction and towards facilitation .
[while] disabled people need to learn the opposite of traditional roles , non-disabled people need to adopt altogether new roles , away from direction and towards facilitation .

Facilitation means taking responsibility for making the fundamental changes necessary for true integration , whilst accepting the direction for that change from Disabled people 's own organisations .
facilitation means taking responsibility for making the fundamental changes necessary for true integration , [while] accepting the direction for that change from disabled people 's own organisations .

Nausicaa , a princess , has taken the palace washing to clean in the sea with her attendants , whilst also having a picnic .
nausicaa , a princess , has taken the palace washing to clean in the sea with her attendants , [while] also having a picnic .

The space created will be like a tented temple in which everything may be seen in a different landscape , the familiar becomes strange and muted whilst the unfamiliar echoes past resemblances .
the space created will be like a tented temple in which everything may be seen in a different landscape , the familiar becomes strange and muted [while] the unfamiliar echoes past resemblances .

Whilst the end of an era for , April 1 , was the first day of the rest of 's life .
[while] the end of an era for , april 1 , was the first day of the rest of 's life .

and reached the individuals finals whilst a team with , and performed well in the fours .
and reached the individuals finals [while] a team with , and performed well in the fours .

It could be that there are major goals which businesses fulfil , such as maximising the return on capital , whilst having shorter term aims , such as increasing turnover .
it could be that there are major goals which businesses fulfil , such as maximising the return on capital , [while] having shorter term aims , such as increasing turnover .

Whilst doing so , the systems planning team must not lose sight of the overall plan , so that the benefits of the database approach , especially data sharing , can be achieved , and thus there can be better use of the information resource , greater flexibility in its use and an improved ability to meet new situations and applications .
[while] doing so , the systems planning team must not lose sight of the overall plan , so that the benefits of the database approach , especially data sharing , can be achieved , and thus there can be better use of the information resource , greater flexibility in its use and an improved ability to meet new situations and applications .

Whilst some relationships are manadatory , others are optional .
[while] some relationships are manadatory , others are optional .

In other words , whilst analysing documents , other information , such as that gained from interviews , can be incorporated into the model .
in other words , [while] analysing documents , other information , such as that gained from interviews , can be incorporated into the model .

Systems analysis could be described as ‘ what is ’ and ‘ what is required ’ whilst systems design is ‘ what could be ’ .
systems analysis could be described as ‘ what is ’ and ‘ what is required ’ [while] systems design is ‘ what could be ’ .

If a Labour Prime Minister had died or retired whilst in office the Parliamentary Party election procedure would have produced a new leader .
if a labour prime minister had died or retired [while] in office the parliamentary party election procedure would have produced a new leader .

Whilst Ministers were assembling , Harold called Ted Short , the Deputy Leader , Denis Healey and me to his study and there broke the news to the three of us .
[while] ministers were assembling , harold called ted short , the deputy leader , denis healey and me to his study and there broke the news to the three of us .

On a brief evening stroll Maxim had also noticed a few tourists who had clearly solved the problem of eating whilst asleep ; it is an oddity of American that only tourists are truly fat never the locals .
on a brief evening stroll maxim had also noticed a few tourists who had clearly solved the problem of eating [while] asleep ; it is an oddity of american that only tourists are truly fat never the locals .

The air dinned with the cries of the apprentices , the roar of the crowd , the curses of carpenters , whilst in every corner hawkers and tinkers shouted their wares .
the air dinned with the cries of the apprentices , the roar of the crowd , the curses of carpenters , [while] in every corner hawkers and tinkers shouted their wares .

She knew me to be a rogue as soon as she clapped eyes on me and , whilst her father ushered me to a seat , she watched girlishly out of the corner of her eye .
she knew me to be a rogue as soon as she clapped eyes on me and , [while] her father ushered me to a seat , she watched girlishly out of the corner of her eye .

Visors and artificial beards hid their faces whilst false hair of fine gold wire and black silk covered the rest of their heads .
visors and artificial beards hid their faces [while] false hair of fine gold wire and black silk covered the rest of their heads .

The leading masquer then stood on the dais , whilst a herald challenged anyone in the hall to play this strange man at dice .
the leading masquer then stood on the dais , [while] a herald challenged anyone in the hall to play this strange man at dice .

We were left in the guesthouse , drinking chilled white wine , whilst the sisters welcomed Lady Francesca and Sir Robert Clinton in a flurry of joy at seeing their old pupil and protg .
we were left in the guesthouse , drinking chilled white wine , [while] the sisters welcomed lady francesca and sir robert clinton in a flurry of joy at seeing their old pupil and protg .

Lady Clinton went to see old friends whilst Mother Superior , a formidable old bird in her gold-edged habit , took Sir Robert away , her arm linked through his , for quiet chatter in her own private apartment .
lady clinton went to see old friends [while] mother superior , a formidable old bird in her gold-edged habit , took sir robert away , her arm linked through his , for quiet chatter in her own private apartment .

‘ Whilst Waldegrave was rather small ? ’
‘ [while] waldegrave was rather small ? ’

Venner grinned amiably around whilst Clinton , as cool as ever , drummed his fingers soundlessly on the table top .
venner grinned amiably around [while] clinton , as cool as ever , drummed his fingers soundlessly on the table top .

Women in thick , serge dresses and wooden clogs gathered at the doors of their houses and watched us pass whilst half-naked children ran behind us , screaming in their patois for a sou or something to eat .
women in thick , serge dresses and wooden clogs gathered at the doors of their houses and watched us pass [while] half-naked children ran behind us , screaming in their patois for a sou or something to eat .

We mounted and rode back through the lazy summer sunshine , the Scottish troopers massing behind whilst Vauban pushed forward between us .
we mounted and rode back through the lazy summer sunshine , the scottish troopers massing behind [while] vauban pushed forward between us .

Benjamin did establish that all memoranda , letters and documents sent from Westminster were handled by Dacourt , Peckle and Millet , whilst our mysterious young secretary did take the ambassador 's presents down to the Abbe Gerard .
benjamin did establish that all memoranda , letters and documents sent from westminster were handled by dacourt , peckle and millet , [while] our mysterious young secretary did take the ambassador 's presents down to the abbe gerard .

Dacourt , Clinton and the rest congregated in the main hall whilst servants lit torches and others brought ale or wine for the conquering heroes .
dacourt , clinton and the rest congregated in the main hall [while] servants lit torches and others brought ale or wine for the conquering heroes .

It is the banks that are benefitting handsomely whilst economies as a whole stagnate in both North and South .
it is the banks that are benefitting handsomely [while] economies as a whole stagnate in both north and south .

They bought tanks and fighter planes , nuclear plants , huge dams , and a host of other unproductive projects — whilst billions were stolen and often smuggled out of the country .
they bought tanks and fighter planes , nuclear plants , huge dams , and a host of other unproductive projects — [while] billions were stolen and often smuggled out of the country .

The North receives a kind of colonial tribute in debt service , whilst getting its raw materials at rock-bottom prices .
the north receives a kind of colonial tribute in debt service , [while] getting its raw materials at rock-bottom prices .

It is a spectacularly successful conjuring trick that capitalism in the West has pulled off : with one hand cutting down on paid labour by encouraging people to regard the jobs that used to be done by other workers as new forms of leisure , whilst with the other hand establishing new ( and more profitable ) economic sectors around voluntary pastoral care , such as care for the elderly .
it is a spectacularly successful conjuring trick that capitalism in the west has pulled off : with one hand cutting down on paid labour by encouraging people to regard the jobs that used to be done by other workers as new forms of leisure , [while] with the other hand establishing new ( and more profitable ) economic sectors around voluntary pastoral care , such as care for the elderly .

To take two examples , the French farmers receive some £90 per acre for set-aside land whilst we receive less than £50 .
to take two examples , the french farmers receive some £90 per acre for set-aside land [while] we receive less than £50 .

May we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ That this House is deeply concerned that ( a ) in October 1991 , the Inspectorate of Pollution issued an improvement notice plus additional requirements upon Coal Products Ltd. , Avenue Works , Wingerworth , Derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in November 1991 , the North East Derbyshire District Council rejected a planning application for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in December 1991 , the National Rivers Authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby Grassmoor ; and calls upon the Secretary of State for the Environment to undertake an urgent environmental audit of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at Coal Products Ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , whilst seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]
may we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ that this house is deeply concerned that ( a ) in october 1991 , the inspectorate of pollution issued an improvement notice plus additional requirements upon coal products ltd. , avenue works , wingerworth , derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in november 1991 , the north east derbyshire district council rejected a planning application for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in december 1991 , the national rivers authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby grassmoor ; and calls upon the secretary of state for the environment to undertake an urgent environmental audit of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at coal products ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , [while] seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]

‘ Who is the leader here ? ’ Magistrate Peck asked the question whilst looking directly at Noah .
‘ who is the leader here ? ’ magistrate peck asked the question [while] looking directly at noah .

Envelopes accrued from the disbanded local self-help group of a charity , whilst a career conference foolscap pad serves as ‘ Minute Book ’ .
envelopes accrued from the disbanded local self-help group of a charity , [while] a career conference foolscap pad serves as ‘ minute book ’ .

The steam trial on 5 December was blessed with fine weather , although a little dull . The occasion was a closely kept secret , but somehow there seemed to be a ‘ leak ’ as photographers appeared from behind every tree and bush — one was even chased by a bull whilst crossing a field !
the steam trial on 5 december was blessed with fine weather , although a little dull . the occasion was a closely kept secret , but somehow there seemed to be a ‘ leak ’ as photographers appeared from behind every tree and bush — one was even chased by a bull [while] crossing a field !

She reiterated the Governments view ’ first expressed by us in 1985 that the majority of full-time students should not have access to benefits as a means of supporting themselves whilst studying .
she reiterated the governments view ’ first expressed by us in 1985 that the majority of full-time students should not have access to benefits as a means of supporting themselves [while] studying .

Yet in the army , a person who admits to having raped a married woman whilst her husband was fighting to preserve peace can get away with it .
yet in the army , a person who admits to having raped a married woman [while] her husband was fighting to preserve peace can get away with it .

Whilst the weather could have been kinder for the photographers wishing to capture the splendid liveries of the trams , both in the sheds and on the extensive outdoor system , we managed to dodge the couple of showers and visited the considerable number of preserved vehicles and small exhibits .
[while] the weather could have been kinder for the photographers wishing to capture the splendid liveries of the trams , both in the sheds and on the extensive outdoor system , we managed to dodge the couple of showers and visited the considerable number of preserved vehicles and small exhibits .

The second class return Bishop 's Castle to Horderley , by the style , suggests that it is an early printing , whilst the single from Bishop 's Castle to Horderley is without doubt a very late printing .
the second class return bishop 's castle to horderley , by the style , suggests that it is an early printing , [while] the single from bishop 's castle to horderley is without doubt a very late printing .

Not worthless quite , whilst they with Truth agree .
not worthless quite , [while] they with truth agree .

In such a case the only way to make sense of the rule that the buyer must bear the loss is still to make him pay whilst allowing him to take whatever remains of the goods .
in such a case the only way to make sense of the rule that the buyer must bear the loss is still to make him pay [while] allowing him to take whatever remains of the goods .

Putterman ( 1984 ) , whilst accepting the necessity for hierarchy in a complex organization , questions whether this needs to be associated with the domination of capital over labour .
putterman ( 1984 ) , [while] accepting the necessity for hierarchy in a complex organization , questions whether this needs to be associated with the domination of capital over labour .

Whilst federalism was not mentioned in her critique of Europe 's future , she made her feelings plain when she expressed her opposition to the suppression of nationhood and to the fitting of British customs and traditions into an ‘ identikit European personality ’ .
[while] federalism was not mentioned in her critique of europe 's future , she made her feelings plain when she expressed her opposition to the suppression of nationhood and to the fitting of british customs and traditions into an ‘ identikit european personality ’ .

Whilst this system controls the cost per case , the incentive to the supplier is still to treat as many cases as possible and experience suggests that overall expenditure does not necessarily fall , since more cases are treated .
[while] this system controls the cost per case , the incentive to the supplier is still to treat as many cases as possible and experience suggests that overall expenditure does not necessarily fall , since more cases are treated .

Work from British Rail and three local authorities is already forthcoming , whilst additional studies are being sought .
work from british rail and three local authorities is already forthcoming , [while] additional studies are being sought .

Young drug users typically experience conflict with their parents , who may encourage them to spend much of their time away from the family setting or conform to strict boundaries whilst the family home .
young drug users typically experience conflict with their parents , who may encourage them to spend much of their time away from the family setting or conform to strict boundaries [while] the family home .

Interestingly , German managers whilst not showing any difference in their feelings of physical health , did show superior psychological health compared to their British counterparts , and these appear to be due to their more frequently and effectively using stress-coping techniques such as ‘ social support ’ , ‘ task strategies ’ , ‘ time ’ and ‘ involvement ’ .
interestingly , german managers [while] not showing any difference in their feelings of physical health , did show superior psychological health compared to their british counterparts , and these appear to be due to their more frequently and effectively using stress-coping techniques such as ‘ social support ’ , ‘ task strategies ’ , ‘ time ’ and ‘ involvement ’ .

Many questions about emotions remain unanswered , such as , why are some people unhappy whilst others in similar circumstances are happy ?
many questions about emotions remain unanswered , such as , why are some people unhappy [while] others in similar circumstances are happy ?

People who have suffered cerebral injuries ( such as strokes ) , however , may lose the ability to recognise stimuli from any one of these classes whilst remaining able to recognise stimuli from the other two classes .
people who have suffered cerebral injuries ( such as strokes ) , however , may lose the ability to recognise stimuli from any one of these classes [while] remaining able to recognise stimuli from the other two classes .

It is more correct to refer to this as a cistern , since a ‘ tank ’ is , strictly , closed on all sides and under pressure whilst a cistern is open at the top .
it is more correct to refer to this as a cistern , since a ‘ tank ’ is , strictly , closed on all sides and under pressure [while] a cistern is open at the top .

With two heaters or a dual element heater , it is possible to keep a small amount of water hot — enough for hand washing and washing up whilst a single heater will heat the whole cylinder .
with two heaters or a dual element heater , it is possible to keep a small amount of water hot — enough for hand washing and washing up [while] a single heater will heat the whole cylinder .

This enigmatic fictitious episode hangs in the air , whilst he gathers the packages up again .
this enigmatic fictitious episode hangs in the air , [while] he gathers the packages up again .

Jasper tries to look up my skirt whilst handing me a drink .
jasper tries to look up my skirt [while] handing me a drink .

For the first time we do n't have to scramble out of the hotel in a bad-tempered flurry of unwilling activity , whilst those boys hit the airport in their own good time .
for the first time we do n't have to scramble out of the hotel in a bad-tempered flurry of unwilling activity , [while] those boys hit the airport in their own good time .

Whilst certain with the question , there is a concern there about being so obvious .
[while] certain with the question , there is a concern there about being so obvious .

Whilst they are not obscenely fat , yet , they are well on their way to hippo status .
[while] they are not obscenely fat , yet , they are well on their way to hippo status .

Often men will look to see if they fancy you , keeping you waiting whilst they assess how they will do business with you .
often men will look to see if they fancy you , keeping you waiting [while] they assess how they will do business with you .

There were many stations which , whilst not being strictly private , were set up by a narrow section of the public and usually barred to casual travellers . So we find special stations for sporting activities such as :
there were many stations which , [while] not being strictly private , were set up by a narrow section of the public and usually barred to casual travellers . so we find special stations for sporting activities such as :

Even for those items that are designated relevant , some may be judged to be highly relevant , whilst others may be regarded as partially or only marginally relevant .
even for those items that are designated relevant , some may be judged to be highly relevant , [while] others may be regarded as partially or only marginally relevant .

Although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the Greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , whilst providing a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . The problems that are encountered with enumerative classification schemes can be identified as follows :
although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , [while] providing a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . the problems that are encountered with enumerative classification schemes can be identified as follows :

For instance , whilst a person may be concerned about the length of notation , this is not usually important to a computer ; moreover , a computer has little use for mnemonics ( it does not forget ! )
for instance , [while] a person may be concerned about the length of notation , this is not usually important to a computer ; moreover , a computer has little use for mnemonics ( it does not forget ! )

Thus whilst the main schedules may give a number for ‘ Cats ’ , by the application of Table 1 it is possible to distinguish between a document which is an encyclopaedia concerned with cats , and a document on societies concerned with cats .
thus [while] the main schedules may give a number for ‘ cats ’ , by the application of table 1 it is possible to distinguish between a document which is an encyclopaedia concerned with cats , and a document on societies concerned with cats .

Whilst it may seem attractive to design a classification scheme for each different set of circumstances , it is important to remember the drawbacks of special classification schemes and to assess thoroughly whether a published general scheme will not , after all , be acceptable . Amongst the disincentives to compiling and maintaining a special classification scheme can be numbered the following :
[while] it may seem attractive to design a classification scheme for each different set of circumstances , it is important to remember the drawbacks of special classification schemes and to assess thoroughly whether a published general scheme will not , after all , be acceptable . amongst the disincentives to compiling and maintaining a special classification scheme can be numbered the following :

General works on this subject are listed at the end of Chapter 12 , whilst more specific readings can be found at the end of Chapters 16 , 17 and 18 .
general works on this subject are listed at the end of chapter 12 , [while] more specific readings can be found at the end of chapters 16 , 17 and 18 .

Concepts should , in general , be described as simply as possible , whilst retaining sought and well-known terminology .
concepts should , in general , be described as simply as possible , [while] retaining sought and well-known terminology .

Whilst standard published lists of terms provide useful models and certainly aid the searcher of a large publicly available database , any information worker needing to establish an in-house database , catalogue or index will need to consider devising a local list of indexing terms .
[while] standard published lists of terms provide useful models and certainly aid the searcher of a large publicly available database , any information worker needing to establish an in-house database , catalogue or index will need to consider devising a local list of indexing terms .

Our short walk through London soon cheered me up , especially the taverns — The Raven 's Watch , The Bible and Swan , The Leg and Seven Stars — with drinkers outside , their flagons full of ‘ angel 's food ’ or ‘ dragon 's milk ’ , whilst the air was sweet with the smell of soft raisin-filled saffron cakes baking in the cookshops .
our short walk through london soon cheered me up , especially the taverns — the raven 's watch , the bible and swan , the leg and seven stars — with drinkers outside , their flagons full of ‘ angel 's food ’ or ‘ dragon 's milk ’ , [while] the air was sweet with the smell of soft raisin-filled saffron cakes baking in the cookshops .

Anyway a gang of these had been caught and the crowd now vented their fury by pelting them with rotten eggs whilst householders tipped chamber pots from upper stories .
anyway a gang of these had been caught and the crowd now vented their fury by pelting them with rotten eggs [while] householders tipped chamber pots from upper stories .

He would sit and hold her , rocking her gently to and fro as if she was a child whilst she , muttering gibberish , rubbed salt into his wound by believing he was the nobleman come back to claim her .
he would sit and hold her , rocking her gently to and fro as if she was a child [while] she , muttering gibberish , rubbed salt into his wound by believing he was the nobleman come back to claim her .

Once , whilst in Venice , the Inquisition caught me , tried and condemned me to burn in the great piazza before St Mark 's .
once , [while] in venice , the inquisition caught me , tried and condemned me to burn in the great piazza before st mark 's .

On the corner of Carter Lane , with the mass of St Paul 's cathedral towering above us , we had to pause whilst labourers using ward hooks pulled down the still smouldering , blackening timbers of a burnt-out tenement to ensure no spark ignited neighbouring houses .
on the corner of carter lane , with the mass of st paul 's cathedral towering above us , we had to pause [while] labourers using ward hooks pulled down the still smouldering , blackening timbers of a burnt-out tenement to ensure no spark ignited neighbouring houses .

Lady Beatrice ignored my wandering eye , young Rachel dared only smile shyly at us , whilst the Agentes were a law unto themselves .
lady beatrice ignored my wandering eye , young rachel dared only smile shyly at us , [while] the agentes were a law unto themselves .

Banners of different colours , scarlet , red , green and blue , hung from the hammer-timbered roof whilst around the church were carved statuettes of the most breathtaking beauty depicting the Virgin Mary , St Joseph , St Patrick , and the whole heavenly host .
banners of different colours , scarlet , red , green and blue , hung from the hammer-timbered roof [while] around the church were carved statuettes of the most breathtaking beauty depicting the virgin mary , st joseph , st patrick , and the whole heavenly host .

The sky , grey and lowering , threatened more snow whilst the previous day 's fall carpeted the hedgerows and fields , choking the ditches and making the trackways slippery and dangerous .
the sky , grey and lowering , threatened more snow [while] the previous day 's fall carpeted the hedgerows and fields , choking the ditches and making the trackways slippery and dangerous .

The Midnight Destroyer sits at your right elbow whilst the Lord Satan squats at your left .
the midnight destroyer sits at your right elbow [while] the lord satan squats at your left .

This rich Lord of the Manor now stood in the middle of the hall revelling in his ostentatious show of wealth whilst servants placed high-backed chairs in front of the fire .
this rich lord of the manor now stood in the middle of the hall revelling in his ostentatious show of wealth [while] servants placed high-backed chairs in front of the fire .

‘ Whilst our elders and betters take their rest , let me show you round our home .
‘ [while] our elders and betters take their rest , let me show you round our home .

Each had a large fourposter bed , an oaken wardrobe , a table , stool and chair , whilst the arrow-slit windows had been widened and filled with tinted glass .
each had a large fourposter bed , an oaken wardrobe , a table , stool and chair , [while] the arrow-slit windows had been widened and filled with tinted glass .

Buckingham was arrested : he went to the block whilst poor Taplow was burnt at Smithfield .
buckingham was arrested : he went to the block [while] poor taplow was burnt at smithfield .

He had only one candle which was not powerful enough to start such a blaze so quickly whilst the fire was whitened ash .
he had only one candle which was not powerful enough to start such a blaze so quickly [while] the fire was whitened ash .

Lady Beatrice and Rachel murmured their excuses whilst Sir John stretched , grumbling that it was all a dreadful business but the affairs of the estate demanded his attention .
lady beatrice and rachel murmured their excuses [while] sir john stretched , grumbling that it was all a dreadful business but the affairs of the estate demanded his attention .

The Scots still threaten in the north whilst in Europe great alliances are formed which leave England isolated .
the scots still threaten in the north [while] in europe great alliances are formed which leave england isolated .

Hands clutched at my legs whilst the horse , thoroughly alarmed , reared , flailing his iron-shod hooves .
hands clutched at my legs [while] the horse , thoroughly alarmed , reared , flailing his iron-shod hooves .

The water was covered with a film of ice whilst above it a grey mist boiled .
the water was covered with a film of ice [while] above it a grey mist boiled .

When the King was a boy , rebels from the West Country made him flee from the city whilst the pretender , Perkin Warbeck , actually laid siege to Exeter .
when the king was a boy , rebels from the west country made him flee from the city [while] the pretender , perkin warbeck , actually laid siege to exeter .

Our meeting then broke up , Mandeville stalking back into the hall whilst we returned to our chambers .
our meeting then broke up , mandeville stalking back into the hall [while] we returned to our chambers .

Benjamin tried his best to make light conversation but Mandeville and Southgate were withdrawn , Sir John Santerre lost in his own thoughts , Lady Beatrice looked anxious whilst the pale-faced Rachel merely toyed with her food .
benjamin tried his best to make light conversation but mandeville and southgate were withdrawn , sir john santerre lost in his own thoughts , lady beatrice looked anxious [while] the pale-faced rachel merely toyed with her food .

Mandeville glared at me whilst Eadred and Benjamin seemed preoccupied with their fingers .
mandeville glared at me [while] eadred and benjamin seemed preoccupied with their fingers .

According to the book of legends you have just shown us , Arthur came here to drink from the Grail , whilst one of his knights , Sir Bedivere , reputedly took Excalibur down to Narepool which is only three miles from Glastonbury .
according to the book of legends you have just shown us , arthur came here to drink from the grail , [while] one of his knights , sir bedivere , reputedly took excalibur down to narepool which is only three miles from glastonbury .

The Santerres were waiting for us with Bowyer who looked as if he had really settled in , shirt open at the collar , stubby feet enclosed in buskins whilst his fat face was flushed with drink and his breath smelt like a wine press .
the santerres were waiting for us with bowyer who looked as if he had really settled in , shirt open at the collar , stubby feet enclosed in buskins [while] his fat face was flushed with drink and his breath smelt like a wine press .

‘ Was your visit to Glastonbury profitable ? ’ Sir John asked as we warmed ourselves before the great fire whilst Lady Beatrice and Rachel served spiced wine .
‘ was your visit to glastonbury profitable ? ’ sir john asked as we warmed ourselves before the great fire [while] lady beatrice and rachel served spiced wine .

Bowyer 's drunk as a lord , Mandeville and Southgate are scared , whilst you seem more absorbed in Rachel than anything else .
bowyer 's drunk as a lord , mandeville and southgate are scared , [while] you seem more absorbed in rachel than anything else .

Santerre had changed into a doublet and hose of grey-silver whilst his wife and daughter both looked resplendent in gowns of blue satin trimmed with gold .
santerre had changed into a doublet and hose of grey-silver [while] his wife and daughter both looked resplendent in gowns of blue satin trimmed with gold .

Lady Beatrice became hysterical , crouching against the wall , covering her face , whilst Rachel tried to comfort her .
lady beatrice became hysterical , crouching against the wall , covering her face , [while] rachel tried to comfort her .

Santerre was shocked sober whilst Sir Edmund and Southgate were torn between a mixture of anger and fear .
santerre was shocked sober [while] sir edmund and southgate were torn between a mixture of anger and fear .

They stood straining at their leashes whilst , on the other side of the yard , a pack of mastiffs whimpered in protest at the muzzles on their grizzled snouts and the lash of their whippers-in .
they stood straining at their leashes [while] , on the other side of the yard , a pack of mastiffs whimpered in protest at the muzzles on their grizzled snouts and the lash of their whippers-in .

At last we all mounted , downing one final cup of posset whilst the huntsmen were sent on before us , the barking of the dogs shattering the silence of the cold country air .
at last we all mounted , downing one final cup of posset [while] the huntsmen were sent on before us , the barking of the dogs shattering the silence of the cold country air .

Benjamin ignored my warnings : he went into the box , talking gently to the horse , smoothing its flanks whilst he examined its underbelly .
benjamin ignored my warnings : he went into the box , talking gently to the horse , smoothing its flanks [while] he examined its underbelly .

We skimmed across the surface of that sodding lake whilst all around us gathered the dark hosts of hell .
we skimmed across the surface of that sodding lake [while] all around us gathered the dark hosts of hell .

My master crouched , breathing in deeply to calm himself , whilst Old Shallot dealt with the threat in his usual formidable way .
my master crouched , breathing in deeply to calm himself , [while] old shallot dealt with the threat in his usual formidable way .

Lady Beatrice watched fearfully whilst Rachel sat like an innocent child waiting for a play to begin .
lady beatrice watched fearfully [while] rachel sat like an innocent child waiting for a play to begin .

Corbett agreed , telling Ranulf to accompany her whilst he stabled their horses at The Bull .
corbett agreed , telling ranulf to accompany her [while] he stabled their horses at the bull .

Corbett pointed to the one stained glass window in the room where the artist had painted a graphic vision of demons , their eyes glaring fiercely , their mouths and nostrils poured forth fetid breath as they tore the flesh of sinners with red hot pincers and pierced their bodies with glowing iron nails , whilst others beat the unfortunates with spikes and scourges .
corbett pointed to the one stained glass window in the room where the artist had painted a graphic vision of demons , their eyes glaring fiercely , their mouths and nostrils poured forth fetid breath as they tore the flesh of sinners with red hot pincers and pierced their bodies with glowing iron nails , [while] others beat the unfortunates with spikes and scourges .

She put an end to the nuns ’ little treats and tricks , whilst at the same time allowing a whore to take up residence there .
she put an end to the nuns ’ little treats and tricks , [while] at the same time allowing a whore to take up residence there .

Whilst Edward of England sat fuming over what he had learnt , Sir Amaury de Craon was nursing his bruised wrist and shouting orders to his retinue for a swift return to Oxfordshire .
[while] edward of england sat fuming over what he had learnt , sir amaury de craon was nursing his bruised wrist and shouting orders to his retinue for a swift return to oxfordshire .

Grooms took their horses whilst a pompous steward of the Prince 's household led them up the main steps into the spacious hall .
grooms took their horses [while] a pompous steward of the prince 's household led them up the main steps into the spacious hall .

The royal favourite sat in a quilted window seat whilst young Edward lounged in a chair near him .
the royal favourite sat in a quilted window seat [while] young edward lounged in a chair near him .

For his part , Gaveston scrutinised the clerk whilst running the tip of his tongue over full fleshy lips .
for his part , gaveston scrutinised the clerk [while] running the tip of his tongue over full fleshy lips .

He felt uncomfortable , uneasy at the way the Prince and Gaveston hardly spared them a glance whilst their companions at table treated them as if they simply did not exist .
he felt uncomfortable , uneasy at the way the prince and gaveston hardly spared them a glance [while] their companions at table treated them as if they simply did not exist .

Corbett chewed absent-mindedly on the bread whilst analysing the problem which faced him .
corbett chewed absent-mindedly on the bread [while] analysing the problem which faced him .

Whilst Ranulf and Maltote stayed with the horses and pulled long expressions so they could join the mourners , Corbett strode across the leaf-strewn village green and through the wicket gate of the church .
[while] ranulf and maltote stayed with the horses and pulled long expressions so they could join the mourners , corbett strode across the leaf-strewn village green and through the wicket gate of the church .

Corbett agreed , allowing the Lady Prioress to serve him a full cup of malmsey whilst chattering about everyday matters and his recent trip to Woodstock .
corbett agreed , allowing the lady prioress to serve him a full cup of malmsey [while] chattering about everyday matters and his recent trip to woodstock .

Corbett stared around whilst the Lady Prioress was speaking and noticed how troubled Dame Frances looked , but then the Lady Prioress snapped her fingers and impetuously summoned him forward .
corbett stared around [while] the lady prioress was speaking and noticed how troubled dame frances looked , but then the lady prioress snapped her fingers and impetuously summoned him forward .

In an adjoining field a sower , a basket cradled in his hands , scattered the life-bearing seeds , whilst behind him two young boys danced and cavorted , swinging their slings to drive off the marauding crows and ravens .
in an adjoining field a sower , a basket cradled in his hands , scattered the life-bearing seeds , [while] behind him two young boys danced and cavorted , swinging their slings to drive off the marauding crows and ravens .

The ladies of the town shrieked with laughter whilst Ranulf , his face flushed , hurried on as fast as he could .
the ladies of the town shrieked with laughter [while] ranulf , his face flushed , hurried on as fast as he could .

Corbett asked the others to stay at the great gate whilst he went across the open square .
corbett asked the others to stay at the great gate [while] he went across the open square .

Sometimes it 's a beggar stretching out a hand for coins whilst the other conceals the knife .
sometimes it 's a beggar stretching out a hand for coins [while] the other conceals the knife .

Corbett remained sitting for hours following various trains of thought whilst Ranulf , having seen his son , was bouncing about on the broad , silk-canopied bed of Mistress Semplar .
corbett remained sitting for hours following various trains of thought [while] ranulf , having seen his son , was bouncing about on the broad , silk-canopied bed of mistress semplar .

How pleased Ranulf was now finding out , whilst outside the front door a drunken Maltote kept watch .
how pleased ranulf was now finding out , [while] outside the front door a drunken maltote kept watch .

Corbett rested for an hour whilst his old friend , arms full of sheaves and rolls of parchment , searched the records of armorial bearings and heraldic designs . At first Couville confidently announced , ‘ It will not take long , Hugh , believe me ! ’
corbett rested for an hour [while] his old friend , arms full of sheaves and rolls of parchment , searched the records of armorial bearings and heraldic designs . at first couville confidently announced , ‘ it will not take long , hugh , believe me ! ’

He laid it carefully out on the long table whilst waving Corbett over .
he laid it carefully out on the long table [while] waving corbett over .

Corbett walked away whilst Couville , muttering to himself , pored over the Roll of Kenilworth .
corbett walked away [while] couville , muttering to himself , pored over the roll of kenilworth .

Ranulf and Maltote disappeared like will-o'-the-wisps whilst Corbett received one of Maeve 's lectures about the need to rest , as well as the dangers of charging about on the King 's business in weather not fit for the worst of sinners .
ranulf and maltote disappeared like will-o'-the-wisps [while] corbett received one of maeve 's lectures about the need to rest , as well as the dangers of charging about on the king 's business in weather not fit for the worst of sinners .

Corbett released the messenger whilst muttering his apologies and allowed Maeve and two of the servants to drag the fellow down the hallway into the buttery .
corbett released the messenger [while] muttering his apologies and allowed maeve and two of the servants to drag the fellow down the hallway into the buttery .

She forced a cup of watered wine between the fellow 's lips whilst Corbett paced up and down .
she forced a cup of watered wine between the fellow 's lips [while] corbett paced up and down .

It 's odd how you can chat so animatedly whilst someone you 've only just met is poking your most intimate spots , is n't it ? At one of my less intimate spots , my right ear , he stopped sharp .
it 's odd how you can chat so animatedly [while] someone you 've only just met is poking your most intimate spots , is n't it ? at one of my less intimate spots , my right ear , he stopped sharp .

Meanwhile , in your spare time you can write out recipes for a new-angle celebrity cookbook , some of the proceeds of which go to a cause so worthy it makes your eyelids retract . Whilst drawing a cartoon , fishing out a school report , and recollecting your memories of ‘ My First Goldfish ’ and ‘ Why
meanwhile , in your spare time you can write out recipes for a new-angle celebrity cookbook , some of the proceeds of which go to a cause so worthy it makes your eyelids retract . [while] drawing a cartoon , fishing out a school report , and recollecting your memories of ‘ my first goldfish ’ and ‘ why

My father had a stroke whilst staying chez Rosenthal , and my most vivid memory of the day we followed the ambulance to the hospital was of the junior doctor in charge trying , and failing , to clean her own glasses .
my father had a stroke [while] staying chez rosenthal , and my most vivid memory of the day we followed the ambulance to the hospital was of the junior doctor in charge trying , and failing , to clean her own glasses .

The main road was blocked for twenty-five minutes whilst the three-quarter-ton monster was winched out on to the tracks , and cars soon began diverting themselves through the portals of the nearby Methodist Church .
the main road was blocked for twenty-five minutes [while] the three-quarter-ton monster was winched out on to the tracks , and cars soon began diverting themselves through the portals of the nearby methodist church .

Of course , one of the advantages of waking up in the night in a sweat is that you tend to have your best ideas whilst failing to get back to sleep .
of course , one of the advantages of waking up in the night in a sweat is that you tend to have your best ideas [while] failing to get back to sleep .

Vivian Ellis of Mr Cinders and Bless the Bride talked enchantingly about Joyce , whilst Reggie and family and Simon Williams and other chums queued down the stairway for a hug and a plastic cup of champagne .
vivian ellis of mr cinders and bless the bride talked enchantingly about joyce , [while] reggie and family and simon williams and other chums queued down the stairway for a hug and a plastic cup of champagne .

Whilst , for the cases the intersection on the other side of a ) becomes unboundedly large as δ tends to unity .
[while] , for the cases the intersection on the other side of a ) becomes unboundedly large as δ tends to unity .

The incumbent 's output starts at a high level and gradually declines , whilst the entrants ' output starts low and gradually increases the more it discovers about the market .
the incumbent 's output starts at a high level and gradually declines , [while] the entrants ' output starts low and gradually increases the more it discovers about the market .

Whilst anecdotal evidence suggests that deregulation of capital controls stimulated foreign portfolio investment , an adequate measure of investment constraints is not readily available in the literature .
[while] anecdotal evidence suggests that deregulation of capital controls stimulated foreign portfolio investment , an adequate measure of investment constraints is not readily available in the literature .

Whilst the assumption that asset demands are set at such a level so as to minimize ( 4 ) yields models that are both tractable and consistent with observed empirical realities , the justification for quadratic costs in such models is always somewhat ad hoc .
[while] the assumption that asset demands are set at such a level so as to minimize ( 4 ) yields models that are both tractable and consistent with observed empirical realities , the justification for quadratic costs in such models is always somewhat ad hoc .

However , as Pagan ( 1984 ) notes , whilst this technique will give consistent parameter estimates , the reported standard errors will be inconsistent .
however , as pagan ( 1984 ) notes , [while] this technique will give consistent parameter estimates , the reported standard errors will be inconsistent .

The lagged dependent variables suggest that adjustment costs are of importance whilst the presence of lagged determinants of the desired stock suggests that there is more in the data than a simple first-order partial adjustment model might permit .
the lagged dependent variables suggest that adjustment costs are of importance [while] the presence of lagged determinants of the desired stock suggests that there is more in the data than a simple first-order partial adjustment model might permit .

Athelstan tossed her a coin and asked her to bring a fresh tankard and some wine whilst he roused Sir John .
athelstan tossed her a coin and asked her to bring a fresh tankard and some wine [while] he roused sir john .

Athelstan blessed the man , holding his hand , reassuring his good wife that all would be well whilst trying not to look at the blood .
athelstan blessed the man , holding his hand , reassuring his good wife that all would be well [while] trying not to look at the blood .

Nevertheless , she scurried around , putting on her dress and smock whilst muttering how , if other people had left her alone , she would have things ready anyway .
nevertheless , she scurried around , putting on her dress and smock [while] muttering how , if other people had left her alone , she would have things ready anyway .

There were many who talked and sang incessantly , whilst others , particularly the women , who knew they were not there for too long , refused to clean themselves and lay about like sows in their own filth .
there were many who talked and sang incessantly , [while] others , particularly the women , who knew they were not there for too long , refused to clean themselves and lay about like sows in their own filth .

You , Sir Richard , wish him good night whilst Lady Isabella sends down a maidservant to ask if he wishes for anything .
you , sir richard , wish him good night [while] lady isabella sends down a maidservant to ask if he wishes for anything .

He had spent time watching the stars whilst people like Meg of Four Lanes died horrible deaths , their bodies afterwards lowered into obscure graves .
he had spent time watching the stars [while] people like meg of four lanes died horrible deaths , their bodies afterwards lowered into obscure graves .

That night , whilst Sir John roistered in his house like Hector home from the wars , Athelstan fed Philomel and Bonaventure .
that night , [while] sir john roistered in his house like hector home from the wars , athelstan fed philomel and bonaventure .

‘ Now is the best time , ’ Athelstan replied , drawing closer , whispering into Sir John 's ear , conscious that Lady Maude was totally absorbed in the pageant before her whilst Benedicta , distracted , was still staring back at the admiring gallant .
‘ now is the best time , ’ athelstan replied , drawing closer , whispering into sir john 's ear , conscious that lady maude was totally absorbed in the pageant before her [while] benedicta , distracted , was still staring back at the admiring gallant .

‘ Sir John , the Springall house is empty now . Let us strike whilst the iron is hot ! ’
‘ sir john , the springall house is empty now . let us strike [while] the iron is hot ! ’

By the looks of them , they had been playing whilst the cat was away .
by the looks of them , they had been playing [while] the cat was away .

The serpent carved there seemed to writhe , its tongue darting , whilst its intended victim , Eve , stood like the personification of innocence with one hand covering her groin , the other raised to hold back her long flowing hair .
the serpent carved there seemed to writhe , its tongue darting , [while] its intended victim , eve , stood like the personification of innocence with one hand covering her groin , the other raised to hold back her long flowing hair .

Athelstan went into the nave and sat at the base of a pillar , legs crossed , whilst he stared up at the high altar behind the rood screen .
athelstan went into the nave and sat at the base of a pillar , legs crossed , [while] he stared up at the high altar behind the rood screen .

Athelstan leaned back , letting his head rest against the coldness of the pillar whilst he stared into the darkness , trying to rearrange what he knew , to make the pattern complete and trap the murderer .
athelstan leaned back , letting his head rest against the coldness of the pillar [while] he stared into the darkness , trying to rearrange what he knew , to make the pattern complete and trap the murderer .

It was dark and some of the merchants had lit the lantern-horns outside their doors , whilst Athelstan glimpsed the beacon light shining red and full in the steeple of St Mary Le Bow .
it was dark and some of the merchants had lit the lantern-horns outside their doors , [while] athelstan glimpsed the beacon light shining red and full in the steeple of st mary le bow .

Athelstan was dumbfounded by the magnificent spectacle awaiting them : the hall was long , the hammer-beam roof high , whilst every piece of woodwork and stone was covered in the most luxurious velvet and samite hangings , gorgeous banners and hangings of every hue .
athelstan was dumbfounded by the magnificent spectacle awaiting them : the hall was long , the hammer-beam roof high , [while] every piece of woodwork and stone was covered in the most luxurious velvet and samite hangings , gorgeous banners and hangings of every hue .

Father Crispin and Buckingham smiled wanly whilst Lady Isabella looked decidedly agitated .
father crispin and buckingham smiled wanly [while] lady isabella looked decidedly agitated .

Whilst data presented in graphical form have pictorial value , permitting crude general statements to be made about a sediment , they are of little value for detailed comparisons with other samples .
[while] data presented in graphical form have pictorial value , permitting crude general statements to be made about a sediment , they are of little value for detailed comparisons with other samples .

Mossop , faithful both to preference and history , remained in the car whilst Harry walked up the front path , trying to ignore the ravenous alsatian growling and tearing at the neighbour 's fence .
mossop , faithful both to preference and history , remained in the car [while] harry walked up the front path , trying to ignore the ravenous alsatian growling and tearing at the neighbour 's fence .

It was an insignificant point in its way , for Harry knew from Marjorie Mallender that Clare had met Minter whilst at Oxford — he must simply have been at another college — yet somehow his faith in his own reasoning was undermined .
it was an insignificant point in its way , for harry knew from marjorie mallender that clare had met minter [while] at oxford — he must simply have been at another college — yet somehow his faith in his own reasoning was undermined .

He had been disappointed to find Dr Ockleton absent from his rooms in the morning , but a pretty girl in jogging kit , who had come loping down the stairs whilst he was knocking at Ockleton 's door , had run on the spot long enough to tell him that the doctor lectured on Tuesday mornings and that Harry would probably have better luck after lunch .
he had been disappointed to find dr ockleton absent from his rooms in the morning , but a pretty girl in jogging kit , who had come loping down the stairs [while] he was knocking at ockleton 's door , had run on the spot long enough to tell him that the doctor lectured on tuesday mornings and that harry would probably have better luck after lunch .

They all looked suitably taken aback by his entrance , muttering disapproval whilst he insisted that Ockleton step outside .
they all looked suitably taken aback by his entrance , muttering disapproval [while] he insisted that ockleton step outside .

Why he felt as if they had just agreed to an illicit liaison he did not know , unless it was the air of sexual invitation this woman wore as other women wore perfume , the practised composition of glance and gesture that she used to imply everything whilst proposing nothing .
why he felt as if they had just agreed to an illicit liaison he did not know , unless it was the air of sexual invitation this woman wore as other women wore perfume , the practised composition of glance and gesture that she used to imply everything [while] proposing nothing .

Whilst Harry recounted the circumstances of his brush with Kingdom at Papaioannou 's trinket shop , Dysart listened attentively .
[while] harry recounted the circumstances of his brush with kingdom at papaioannou 's trinket shop , dysart listened attentively .

It seems he surprised Clare gazing lovingly at a photograph of a man whilst you were away from the table .
it seems he surprised clare gazing lovingly at a photograph of a man [while] you were away from the table .

He had the impression whilst he paused to recover himself that Cornelius was watching him intently , that his piercing gaze was sweeping over him in search of every weakness , every strength , every facet of his character that an opponent might need to know .
he had the impression [while] he paused to recover himself that cornelius was watching him intently , that his piercing gaze was sweeping over him in search of every weakness , every strength , every facet of his character that an opponent might need to know .

In some areas this resulted in generous secondary provision , whilst other areas did as little as possible .
in some areas this resulted in generous secondary provision , [while] other areas did as little as possible .

Whilst the examples used avoid questioning the assumptions on which these ideologies are based , mathematics is said to be neutral and divorced from social issues .
[while] the examples used avoid questioning the assumptions on which these ideologies are based , mathematics is said to be neutral and divorced from social issues .

An essential part of developing an effective multicultural curriculum will be the willingness of individuals to work within the field whilst being prepared to recognise that the mistakes they make will be the lessons for future teachers .
an essential part of developing an effective multicultural curriculum will be the willingness of individuals to work within the field [while] being prepared to recognise that the mistakes they make will be the lessons for future teachers .

One child looked in surprise whilst members of her group zeroed the pointer on the balance before weighing the sand filling one of the boxes .
one child looked in surprise [while] members of her group zeroed the pointer on the balance before weighing the sand filling one of the boxes .

Rates of progress are erratic : the transition from one idea to another may be accomplished by one pupil in a matter of minutes , whilst another will take months apparently covering the same ground .
rates of progress are erratic : the transition from one idea to another may be accomplished by one pupil in a matter of minutes , [while] another will take months apparently covering the same ground .

Whilst Rick 's aim in changing the curriculum was to focus on mathematical thinking , this was at odds not only with many parents ' perceptions of mathematics , but also those of one member of his department and the headteacher .
[while] rick 's aim in changing the curriculum was to focus on mathematical thinking , this was at odds not only with many parents ' perceptions of mathematics , but also those of one member of his department and the headteacher .

When she uses the scheme she stays at her desk whilst pupils queue for help , for marking or to find out what they should do next .
when she uses the scheme she stays at her desk [while] pupils queue for help , for marking or to find out what they should do next .

One possible reason for the lack of motivation within her class could be attributed to tasks not being sufficiently challenging for some pupils , whilst being beyond the intellectual grasp of others .
one possible reason for the lack of motivation within her class could be attributed to tasks not being sufficiently challenging for some pupils , [while] being beyond the intellectual grasp of others .

Betty 's classroom practice changed whilst she worked with the advisory teacher , but the lack of congruence between her beliefs about mathematics and about how children learn and those behind the innovation , made it unlikely that such changes would be sustained once he left .
betty 's classroom practice changed [while] she worked with the advisory teacher , but the lack of congruence between her beliefs about mathematics and about how children learn and those behind the innovation , made it unlikely that such changes would be sustained once he left .

If she did so , however , whilst this agreement was in force the 30s .
if she did so , however , [while] this agreement was in force the 30s .

The first , concerned with the objectives of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve existing practices , whilst at its other is the desire to make radical changes to classroom practice .
the first , concerned with the objectives of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve existing practices , [while] at its other is the desire to make radical changes to classroom practice .

Examples of the former would include the development of greater skill in the use of available equipment , whilst the second attempts to develop fundamental changes in school and classroom practices .
examples of the former would include the development of greater skill in the use of available equipment , [while] the second attempts to develop fundamental changes in school and classroom practices .

Both approaches , whilst encouraging interaction between teachers and project staff , left the teacher in the less influential position .
both approaches , [while] encouraging interaction between teachers and project staff , left the teacher in the less influential position .

In primary schools for example , whilst the girls tend to know the names of everyone in the class , the boys know the names of the boys only .
in primary schools for example , [while] the girls tend to know the names of everyone in the class , the boys know the names of the boys only .

Whilst most teachers would view with distaste the ascription of such ‘ global ’ traits to whole groups of children on the basis of class ( Nick , being working class , tends to be rather slaphappy ! )
[while] most teachers would view with distaste the ascription of such ‘ global ’ traits to whole groups of children on the basis of class ( nick , being working class , tends to be rather slaphappy ! )

[ The story ] must at one and the same time relate to all aspects of his ( sic ) personality — and this without ever belittling but , on the contrary , giving full credence to the seriousness of the child 's predicaments , whilst simultaneously promoting confidence in himself ( sic ) and his future .
[ the story ] must at one and the same time relate to all aspects of his ( sic ) personality — and this without ever belittling but , on the contrary , giving full credence to the seriousness of the child 's predicaments , [while] simultaneously promoting confidence in himself ( sic ) and his future .

It is certainly true that whilst such lists can provide an important first step towards making visible the nature of gender bias , it is the consequent further and more detailed thought concerning each question which often results in :
it is certainly true that [while] such lists can provide an important first step towards making visible the nature of gender bias , it is the consequent further and more detailed thought concerning each question which often results in :

Whilst general claims about the prevalence of such awareness and commitment in the teaching population as a whole can not be made from such a small sample , it would seem safe to assume that the ‘ scene is set ’ as regards ‘ good will ’ .
[while] general claims about the prevalence of such awareness and commitment in the teaching population as a whole can not be made from such a small sample , it would seem safe to assume that the ‘ scene is set ’ as regards ‘ good will ’ .

At the micro level , described by Lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be selected and retained whilst others are excluded .
at the micro level , described by lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be selected and retained [while] others are excluded .

The assimilation of moderate levels of complexity into higher levels of orderliness lies at the heart of Smith 's aesthetic , in which excitement is generated by complexity whilst delight results from the apprehension of an overriding sense of order .
the assimilation of moderate levels of complexity into higher levels of orderliness lies at the heart of smith 's aesthetic , in which excitement is generated by complexity [while] delight results from the apprehension of an overriding sense of order .

It deals purely with the visual information out of which perceived similarities become evident as pattern whilst variations are sufficiently constrained to proclaim likeness rather than difference .
it deals purely with the visual information out of which perceived similarities become evident as pattern [while] variations are sufficiently constrained to proclaim likeness rather than difference .

Some are clear-cut , simple and obvious whilst others are intangible , elusive , fragmentary and difficult to communicate .
some are clear-cut , simple and obvious [while] others are intangible , elusive , fragmentary and difficult to communicate .

Whilst most writers resort to some form of categorization of responses , there is a general emphasis , underlined by Kaelin , that , whilst such structuring may be useful for learning or communication , its value is transitory and it should be readily discarded in favour of the unity of the aesthetic experience itself .
[while] most writers resort to some form of categorization of responses , there is a general emphasis , underlined by kaelin , that , [while] such structuring may be useful for learning or communication , its value is transitory and it should be readily discarded in favour of the unity of the aesthetic experience itself .

The theories and models considered , whilst by no means presenting clear answers , do go some of the way towards exploring that realm full of complexity and uncertainty with which this chapter began .
the theories and models considered , [while] by no means presenting clear answers , do go some of the way towards exploring that realm full of complexity and uncertainty with which this chapter began .

It consists of constantly comparing things , people , occurrences and aspects , some of which are seen as good , beautiful or interesting whilst others are viewed in a more negative light as ugly or unpleasant .
it consists of constantly comparing things , people , occurrences and aspects , some of which are seen as good , beautiful or interesting [while] others are viewed in a more negative light as ugly or unpleasant .

Whilst constructs and elements may be supplied to a respondent , this is contrary to Kelly 's original theory which emphasizes the individual elicitation of both .
[while] constructs and elements may be supplied to a respondent , this is contrary to kelly 's original theory which emphasizes the individual elicitation of both .

Surface counters are noted as elements whilst judgments , often of a bi-polar nature , are also listed .
surface counters are noted as elements [while] judgments , often of a bi-polar nature , are also listed .

Whilst some evidence suggested that repeated construal might break into this circle , a more effective way would be by making available the construals of others .
[while] some evidence suggested that repeated construal might break into this circle , a more effective way would be by making available the construals of others .

‘ Yes , ’ said Theodora finding no difficulty at all in launching straight into theological discussion whilst arranging her fruit in a bowl .
‘ yes , ’ said theodora finding no difficulty at all in launching straight into theological discussion [while] arranging her fruit in a bowl .

The judge swung himself calmly into the saddle and the mare stood without moving whilst he adjusted his stirrups .
the judge swung himself calmly into the saddle and the mare stood without moving [while] he adjusted his stirrups .

Clearly , then , the church reflects the important early medieval status of Brimpsfield with its castle and priory , whilst also providing an indicator that the centre of gravity of the village has shifted westwards over the last 800 years .
clearly , then , the church reflects the important early medieval status of brimpsfield with its castle and priory , [while] also providing an indicator that the centre of gravity of the village has shifted westwards over the last 800 years .

Some roads have been lost , whilst others have been created or moved , and features previously thought stable , like village greens , can be shown to be recent additions to some plans .
some roads have been lost , [while] others have been created or moved , and features previously thought stable , like village greens , can be shown to be recent additions to some plans .

The cereals grown would have been taken down the long lane to the water mill to be ground for flour , whilst vegetables , poultry and perhaps pigs would have been raised in the crofts behind each farmstead in the village street .
the cereals grown would have been taken down the long lane to the water mill to be ground for flour , [while] vegetables , poultry and perhaps pigs would have been raised in the crofts behind each farmstead in the village street .

Operant conditioning relies on positive and negative reward for reinforcement of values and actions , whilst Classical conditioning consists of association of an event with a stimulus .
operant conditioning relies on positive and negative reward for reinforcement of values and actions , [while] classical conditioning consists of association of an event with a stimulus .

That mothers treat the sexes differently is confirmed by the study in which toddlers were dressed in clothes belonging to the opposite sex and then were observed whilst being looked after by a woman who was not their mother .
that mothers treat the sexes differently is confirmed by the study in which toddlers were dressed in clothes belonging to the opposite sex and then were observed [while] being looked after by a woman who was not their mother .

In all cases the ‘ boys ’ were given more freedom to explore whilst the ‘ girls ’ were kept close and scolded for being noisy and for ‘ tomboyish ’ behaviour !
in all cases the ‘ boys ’ were given more freedom to explore [while] the ‘ girls ’ were kept close and scolded for being noisy and for ‘ tomboyish ’ behaviour !

As can be seen by figure 1 , the number of households headed by women in Latin America and the Caribbean , accounts for 25 per cent of the region 's households , and in Africa 17 per cent , whilst those of the developed regions only account for 20 per cent .
as can be seen by figure 1 , the number of households headed by women in latin america and the caribbean , accounts for 25 per cent of the region 's households , and in africa 17 per cent , [while] those of the developed regions only account for 20 per cent .

This is the principal economic activity in Africa and is carried out almost exclusively by women , whilst men engage in cash crop production .
this is the principal economic activity in africa and is carried out almost exclusively by women , [while] men engage in cash crop production .

As can be seen in figure women in Nepal and the Ivory Coast spend the majority of their time in housework , whilst the men spend very little time .
as can be seen in figure women in nepal and the ivory coast spend the majority of their time in housework , [while] the men spend very little time .

There were of course exceptions such as Mrs Cellier , mid-wife and women 's champion who against all the odds managed to carve a niche for herself as a nurse , to hold her own whilst on trial at the Old Bailey , calmly storing in her pocket stones thrown at her whilst in the stocks and attempted to found a college of therapeutic midwifery .
there were of course exceptions such as mrs cellier , mid-wife and women 's champion who against all the odds managed to carve a niche for herself as a nurse , to hold her own [while] on trial at the old bailey , calmly storing in her pocket stones thrown at her [while] in the stocks and attempted to found a college of therapeutic midwifery .

The year has seen further growth in Far East markets together with a rapid expansion of our business in the Middle East , whilst new product ranges have provided opportunities in traditional European markets .
the year has seen further growth in far east markets together with a rapid expansion of our business in the middle east , [while] new product ranges have provided opportunities in traditional european markets .

Print France had a good year , despite the poor European economic situation , and enjoyed significant growth in key sectors of the North American market . Technical advances have helped them to achieve world leadership in the supply of transfers for the collectors ' plate industry whilst providing a solid foundation for
print france had a good year , despite the poor european economic situation , and enjoyed significant growth in key sectors of the north american market . technical advances have helped them to achieve world leadership in the supply of transfers for the collectors ' plate industry [while] providing a solid foundation for

Administrative and warehousing functions are now performed by a central unit in Paris , whilst operations in other countries have been replaced by customer service centres which can concentrate on the needs of local customers .
administrative and warehousing functions are now performed by a central unit in paris , [while] operations in other countries have been replaced by customer service centres which can concentrate on the needs of local customers .

Daily contact with the Partners , whilst a very demanding experience , is equally rewarding .
daily contact with the partners , [while] a very demanding experience , is equally rewarding .

Hilary ( our agent ) and also Elizabeth ( our courier ) made a splendid job of serving up the wine and snacks whilst we toured the city , listening to an accordionist who spent most of his time falling in love with the ladies .
hilary ( our agent ) and also elizabeth ( our courier ) made a splendid job of serving up the wine and snacks [while] we toured the city , listening to an accordionist who spent most of his time falling in love with the ladies .

Whilst it could only be considered such with the wisdom of hindsight , it was nevertheless seen at the time as a geographically limited episode of a much wider-ranging struggle .
[while] it could only be considered such with the wisdom of hindsight , it was nevertheless seen at the time as a geographically limited episode of a much wider-ranging struggle .

Whilst the crisis which led to the unification was brewing in the Nationalist zone , a similar struggle for internal control was under way within the Republican ranks .
[while] the crisis which led to the unification was brewing in the nationalist zone , a similar struggle for internal control was under way within the republican ranks .

Such battalions had the flexibility and versatility of self-sufficiency , whilst the Army as a whole lost no cohesion .
such battalions had the flexibility and versatility of self-sufficiency , [while] the army as a whole lost no cohesion .

In his view , as the victors , the Nationalists had acquired the right to exercise that authority , whilst the Republicans , as the vanquished , had lost all rights and must simply obey .
in his view , as the victors , the nationalists had acquired the right to exercise that authority , [while] the republicans , as the vanquished , had lost all rights and must simply obey .

In addition , whilst Falangists Arrese and Girón de Velasco were ousted respectively from the Party Secretariat and the Ministry of Labour , they were replaced by two men who were also Falangists but who , by contrast , were known to be more moderate and flexible in their views than their predecessors .
in addition , [while] falangists arrese and girón de velasco were ousted respectively from the party secretariat and the ministry of labour , they were replaced by two men who were also falangists but who , by contrast , were known to be more moderate and flexible in their views than their predecessors .

From January until July 1992 , whilst the debt campaign is running down and before the 1992 and Trade campaign is under way , there will be some emphasis on the environment .
from january until july 1992 , [while] the debt campaign is running down and before the 1992 and trade campaign is under way , there will be some emphasis on the environment .

brief students on the need for their proactivity whilst on placement .
brief students on the need for their proactivity [while] on placement .

Two Noblemen of Scotland , Macdonald of the Isles , and the Thane of Cawdor , conspired to set up a rebellion in the Highlands to draw the King 's army to quell it , whilst Sweno , the Norwegian King , appeared with his own army , and started to march across Scotland .
two noblemen of scotland , macdonald of the isles , and the thane of cawdor , conspired to set up a rebellion in the highlands to draw the king 's army to quell it , [while] sweno , the norwegian king , appeared with his own army , and started to march across scotland .

Whilst an engineer 's responsibility in contract can ( subject to limits imposed by the general law ) be defined and regulated by the parties involved , such is not the case with liabilities in Tort ( i.e .
[while] an engineer 's responsibility in contract can ( subject to limits imposed by the general law ) be defined and regulated by the parties involved , such is not the case with liabilities in tort ( i.e .

Whilst there is broad agreement on individual risk guideline figures it is difficult to do the same for societal risk .
[while] there is broad agreement on individual risk guideline figures it is difficult to do the same for societal risk .

Training and experience provide the expertise , whilst company culture and experience shape the attitudes .
training and experience provide the expertise , [while] company culture and experience shape the attitudes .

‘ Whatever future conclusion we may reach as to this , we can not deny that an object once attended to will remain in the memory , whilst one inattentively allowed to pass will leave no traces behind .
‘ whatever future conclusion we may reach as to this , we can not deny that an object once attended to will remain in the memory , [while] one inattentively allowed to pass will leave no traces behind .

The stimuli in this study were 48 videos each showing an unobstructed driver 's view ahead whilst driving through a junction .
the stimuli in this study were 48 videos each showing an unobstructed driver 's view ahead [while] driving through a junction .

The reality of the offer is that whilst the Council is honouring National agreements they are also tearing up local agreements .
the reality of the offer is that [while] the council is honouring national agreements they are also tearing up local agreements .

It was whilst at Manchester University studying for his BSc in construction management that he began to take his lifelong hobby a little more seriously and started to enter competitions .
it was [while] at manchester university studying for his bsc in construction management that he began to take his lifelong hobby a little more seriously and started to enter competitions .

Here we are fortunate in that John Evans in Cardiff , Graham Hillier in Plymouth and Tony Elliott in Singapore have been committed to promoting the company , and its capabilities , whilst supervising the locally based staff and discharging the responsibilities of the senior company representative in their geographical area .
here we are fortunate in that john evans in cardiff , graham hillier in plymouth and tony elliott in singapore have been committed to promoting the company , and its capabilities , [while] supervising the locally based staff and discharging the responsibilities of the senior company representative in their geographical area .

Whilst the Ontario housing market remain hesitant owing to economic problems which are exacerbated by frustrating political decisions , our business hopes to see enough improvement in the market to support further development of our activities in the Toronto area .
[while] the ontario housing market remain hesitant owing to economic problems which are exacerbated by frustrating political decisions , our business hopes to see enough improvement in the market to support further development of our activities in the toronto area .

The performance of the homes sits in the Orlando area - Davenport Glen and Chatham Park — exceeded our expectations , whilst Monterey in Dade County produced a range of homes which appealed very strongly to local residents including some whose motivation to purchase had been prompted by the hurricane while swept through southern Florida last year .
the performance of the homes sits in the orlando area - davenport glen and chatham park — exceeded our expectations , [while] monterey in dade county produced a range of homes which appealed very strongly to local residents including some whose motivation to purchase had been prompted by the hurricane while swept through southern florida last year .

The weaknesses in the executive homes market and the rural move-up market led to lower sales than anticipated in Bryncliffe and Garland Ranch , whilst at Thornbury it was necessary to add incentives to a successful product in order to maintain sales momentum .
the weaknesses in the executive homes market and the rural move-up market led to lower sales than anticipated in bryncliffe and garland ranch , [while] at thornbury it was necessary to add incentives to a successful product in order to maintain sales momentum .

Whilst we can all look forward to cleaner ( and less smelly ) diesel car exhaust the situation is sadly not so clear for trucks and buses .
[while] we can all look forward to cleaner ( and less smelly ) diesel car exhaust the situation is sadly not so clear for trucks and buses .

Whilst the ride itself was uneventful , the reception we received as we visited each of the sites in turn was fantastic .
[while] the ride itself was uneventful , the reception we received as we visited each of the sites in turn was fantastic .

Whilst much had changed , particularly since John Shaw 's retirement , the visit clearly brought back poignant memories of how it had all begun .
[while] much had changed , particularly since john shaw 's retirement , the visit clearly brought back poignant memories of how it had all begun .

Whilst the company had grown significantly during the Wadeville years little could compare with the move to Germiston .
[while] the company had grown significantly during the wadeville years little could compare with the move to germiston .

Whilst the equipment on each vehicle is not identical , opportunities are provided for work in Mechanisms ; Microelectronics , Pneumatics ; Microprocessors for Control and Communication .
[while] the equipment on each vehicle is not identical , opportunities are provided for work in mechanisms ; microelectronics , pneumatics ; microprocessors for control and communication .

Local organisers are responsible both for the academic and technical staffing of a vehicle whilst it is in their charge .
local organisers are responsible both for the academic and technical staffing of a vehicle [while] it is in their charge .

To date , six vehicles have been converted ( five buses and one trailer ) as mobile teaching/exhibition units each providing a programme of ‘ hands on ’ technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range . Whilst the work stations on each vehicle are not identical opportunities are provided for work in :
to date , six vehicles have been converted ( five buses and one trailer ) as mobile teaching/exhibition units each providing a programme of ‘ hands on ’ technological activities for girls in the 13–14 age range . [while] the work stations on each vehicle are not identical opportunities are provided for work in :

It is suggested that schools should arrange for each group of girls ( 12–16 per group ) to spend a minimum of 1 to 1 hours covering at least two of the workstations , preferably using the kind of equipment with which they are unfamiliar , although it would appear that whilst some of the equipment may be available in schools , girls commonly claim that it is only the boys who gain access to it !
it is suggested that schools should arrange for each group of girls ( 12–16 per group ) to spend a minimum of 1 to 1 hours covering at least two of the workstations , preferably using the kind of equipment with which they are unfamiliar , although it would appear that [while] some of the equipment may be available in schools , girls commonly claim that it is only the boys who gain access to it !

Whilst some girls have indicated that they were not , and are still not , particularly interested in pursuing an engineering or science career , nevertheless they have appreciated being made aware of the possibilities and opportunities which are available .
[while] some girls have indicated that they were not , and are still not , particularly interested in pursuing an engineering or science career , nevertheless they have appreciated being made aware of the possibilities and opportunities which are available .

On return to work , you will be required to submit to your Manager evidence of all monies received whilst attending jury service ; he/she will ensure that the Personnel and Pay Departments are informed as necessary .
on return to work , you will be required to submit to your manager evidence of all monies received [while] attending jury service ; he/she will ensure that the personnel and pay departments are informed as necessary .

The Company will indemnify your next of kin for travelling expenses incurred necessarily in visiting you should you be confined to hospital as a direct result of an accident sustained whilst engaged on Company business .
the company will indemnify your next of kin for travelling expenses incurred necessarily in visiting you should you be confined to hospital as a direct result of an accident sustained [while] engaged on company business .

Conversely , whilst there may in a few cases be valid reasons for a high quality paper not being submitted to such journals , it could be argued that in some cases publication outside the core represents a negative value judgement on the quality of that research .
conversely , [while] there may in a few cases be valid reasons for a high quality paper not being submitted to such journals , it could be argued that in some cases publication outside the core represents a negative value judgement on the quality of that research .

Whilst peers may not read everything written in their field , they do at least know who is writing .
[while] peers may not read everything written in their field , they do at least know who is writing .

For example , whilst many of the papers published in Scottish Journal of Geology are geochemical in nature , the core set of journals in geochemistry may well not contain it , and so researchers may well choose to publish in the core set for their sub-field , rather than the core set for Scottish geology .
for example , [while] many of the papers published in scottish journal of geology are geochemical in nature , the core set of journals in geochemistry may well not contain it , and so researchers may well choose to publish in the core set for their sub-field , rather than the core set for scottish geology .

Such a situation could only come about if researchers are encouraged to at least prepare for publication , if not to actually publish , papers on their research whilst they are still in the environs of the university .
such a situation could only come about if researchers are encouraged to at least prepare for publication , if not to actually publish , papers on their research [while] they are still in the environs of the university .

Whilst geological studies were employed during the last War , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges etc .
[while] geological studies were employed during the last war , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges etc .

Many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; whilst many others are involved in other mineral extraction industries .
many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; [while] many others are involved in other mineral extraction industries .

The literature of Scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the Scottish Journal of Geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as Precambrian Research , Chemical Geology , Tectonophysics , and similar publications .
the literature of scottish geology , however , [while] it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the scottish journal of geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as precambrian research , chemical geology , tectonophysics , and similar publications .

Whilst it is not suggested that such behaviour is common , the temptation to copy , or at least to fail to acknowledge the other thesis as a source , is made stronger by the knowledge that such unscrupulous acts are very difficult to detect , because the original works , if unpublished , may only be known to the researchers and to their supervisors .
[while] it is not suggested that such behaviour is common , the temptation to copy , or at least to fail to acknowledge the other thesis as a source , is made stronger by the knowledge that such unscrupulous acts are very difficult to detect , because the original works , if unpublished , may only be known to the researchers and to their supervisors .

Within the much more diverse and non-centralised British university system , such central control would be unacceptable , but the less rigid system which has evolved here , whilst allowing individual universities considerable flexibility in access and loan facilities , at least ensures a reasonable measure of bibliographic control .
within the much more diverse and non-centralised british university system , such central control would be unacceptable , but the less rigid system which has evolved here , [while] allowing individual universities considerable flexibility in access and loan facilities , at least ensures a reasonable measure of bibliographic control .

The problem is that such transformations are seldom perceived whilst they are occurring ; they are usually identified long after the event .
the problem is that such transformations are seldom perceived [while] they are occurring ; they are usually identified long after the event .

Journals can and do change , and their contents may at one period reflect the leading edge , whilst in another they may become review journals , or more ephemeral in nature .
journals can and do change , and their contents may at one period reflect the leading edge , [while] in another they may become review journals , or more ephemeral in nature .

The enclosed water area now covers some 89 hectares whilst the land area is in excess of 150 hectares .
the enclosed water area now covers some 89 hectares [while] the land area is in excess of 150 hectares .

The berths were practically dry at low water and vessels lay aground on the mud bottom whilst loading and discharging their cargoes .
the berths were practically dry at low water and vessels lay aground on the mud bottom [while] loading and discharging their cargoes .

Having initially believed the story to be `` fanciful `` , Sick said that his mind had been changed as a result of `` the weight of testimony `` provided by the hundreds of interviews which he had conducted whilst researching the affair .
having initially believed the story to be `` fanciful `` , sick said that his mind had been changed as a result of `` the weight of testimony `` provided by the hundreds of interviews which he had conducted [while] researching the affair .

The day after the announcement of the new travel policy it was revealed that Bush 's former Education Secretary , Lauro Cavazos , was under criminal investigation for the abuse of air travel privileges whilst in office .
the day after the announcement of the new travel policy it was revealed that bush 's former education secretary , lauro cavazos , was under criminal investigation for the abuse of air travel privileges [while] in office .

It was reported on May 13 that a grand jury had decided not to indict any of the 17 officers who stood by and watched whilst their colleagues repeatedly punched and kicked the handcuffed man .
it was reported on may 13 that a grand jury had decided not to indict any of the 17 officers who stood by and watched [while] their colleagues repeatedly punched and kicked the handcuffed man .

The militants had been intercepted in the Tithwal sector whilst crossing the Line of Actual Control from Azad Kashmir ( the Pakistan-controlled sector ) into India .
the militants had been intercepted in the tithwal sector [while] crossing the line of actual control from azad kashmir ( the pakistan-controlled sector ) into india .

20972 ; 21310 ] — whilst not explicitly dealing with the issue of comfort women — had nevertheless resolved all matters relating to war reparations .
20972 ; 21310 ] — [while] not explicitly dealing with the issue of comfort women — had nevertheless resolved all matters relating to war reparations .

Opinion polls indicated that whilst Cuomo was the best known and most popular of potential Democratic candidates , he commanded only 23 per cent support compared with 66 per cent for Bush .
opinion polls indicated that [while] cuomo was the best known and most popular of potential democratic candidates , he commanded only 23 per cent support compared with 66 per cent for bush .

Members of the local black community were enraged by reports that the driver of the vehicle , Yoseph Lisef , 22 , who had sustained only minor injuries , was quickly taken away from the scene of the accident by a private Jewish ambulance service , whilst the more seriously injured children were left to wait for attention from a city ambulance crew .
members of the local black community were enraged by reports that the driver of the vehicle , yoseph lisef , 22 , who had sustained only minor injuries , was quickly taken away from the scene of the accident by a private jewish ambulance service , [while] the more seriously injured children were left to wait for attention from a city ambulance crew .

The centre of the fighting was the headquarters of the Hasidic Lubavitcher sect where blacks and Jews exchanges volleys of bricks and bottles , whilst police in riot gear tried to keep the two groups separated .
the centre of the fighting was the headquarters of the hasidic lubavitcher sect where blacks and jews exchanges volleys of bricks and bottles , [while] police in riot gear tried to keep the two groups separated .

The convictions followed a four-month trial at which it was alleged that Sir Terence had taken bribes whilst in office in return for protecting illegal activities such as prostitution and gambling .
the convictions followed a four-month trial at which it was alleged that sir terence had taken bribes [while] in office in return for protecting illegal activities such as prostitution and gambling .

Allied aircraft had come under fire from the island — little more than an uninhabited rock supporting a navigational beacon — whilst they were attacking two Iraqi naval vessels on Jan. 22 .
allied aircraft had come under fire from the island — little more than an uninhabited rock supporting a navigational beacon — [while] they were attacking two iraqi naval vessels on jan. 22 .

Whilst admitting that there had been procedural `` irregularities `` , Hoeveler rejected a defence motion that the charges against Noriega be dismissed .
[while] admitting that there had been procedural `` irregularities `` , hoeveler rejected a defence motion that the charges against noriega be dismissed .

China , whilst approving the airport plan in principle , had been insistent that it should be able to set its own terms for the size and financing of the project .
china , [while] approving the airport plan in principle , had been insistent that it should be able to set its own terms for the size and financing of the project .

Soviet President Gorbachev made an official stop-over visit to the South Korean island of Cheju on April 19-20 , whilst returning to Moscow from his four-day visit to Japan [ see p. 38148 ] .
soviet president gorbachev made an official stop-over visit to the south korean island of cheju on april 19-20 , [while] returning to moscow from his four-day visit to japan [ see p. 38148 ] .

The debacle , whilst illustrating the depth of divisions between the party factions , also reaffirmed that the traditional dominance of the party 's right wing had not been undermined by the leadership contest .
the debacle , [while] illustrating the depth of divisions between the party factions , also reaffirmed that the traditional dominance of the party 's right wing had not been undermined by the leadership contest .

Although each side made significant compromises — the bill 's proponents rewrote at least four of its sections whilst the Administration withdrew its objections to at least two provisions — they remained divided .
although each side made significant compromises — the bill 's proponents rewrote at least four of its sections [while] the administration withdrew its objections to at least two provisions — they remained divided .

Little tangible progress was achieved , however ; as at September 's Seoul meeting , the Southern delegation demanded the agreement of inter-Korean reconciliation measures , including telephone and mail links , freer travel and economic exchanges and co-operation , whilst the Northern delegation insisted upon a joint non-aggression declaration and a commitment to disarmament .
little tangible progress was achieved , however ; as at september 's seoul meeting , the southern delegation demanded the agreement of inter-korean reconciliation measures , including telephone and mail links , freer travel and economic exchanges and co-operation , [while] the northern delegation insisted upon a joint non-aggression declaration and a commitment to disarmament .

On July 10 a White House spokeswoman , acknowledging that Thomas had taken `` several puffs `` of marijuana whilst a student , said that Bush considered such youthful experimentation as `` inconsequential `` .
on july 10 a white house spokeswoman , acknowledging that thomas had taken `` several puffs `` of marijuana [while] a student , said that bush considered such youthful experimentation as `` inconsequential `` .

The bill had also been endorsed in general terms by President George Bush , whilst the House of Representatives was due to consider its own anti-crime bill in September 1991 .
the bill had also been endorsed in general terms by president george bush , [while] the house of representatives was due to consider its own anti-crime bill in september 1991 .

Stavros Dimas , the Minister of Industry , Energy and Technology , resigned on July 26 whilst accompanying Mitsotakis in the Soviet Union .
stavros dimas , the minister of industry , energy and technology , resigned on july 26 [while] accompanying mitsotakis in the soviet union .

He now appeared as a prosecution witness whilst himself facing prosecution in separate proceedings .
he now appeared as a prosecution witness [while] himself facing prosecution in separate proceedings .

Bush also took credit for the end of the Cold War and for pursuing a successful foreign policy , whilst blaming the obstruction of the Democrat-controlled Congress for the failure to realize much of his domestic agenda .
bush also took credit for the end of the cold war and for pursuing a successful foreign policy , [while] blaming the obstruction of the democrat-controlled congress for the failure to realize much of his domestic agenda .

Unlike previous years , however , the significance of the Iowa contests was reduced by the fact that neither of Bush 's two challengers ( Buchanan and former Ku Klux Klansman David Duke ) contested the caucus , whilst amongst the Democrats it had long been accepted that the contest would be won by Tom Harkin , one of the state 's representatives in the Senate , and so there had been a minimal amount of campaigning .
unlike previous years , however , the significance of the iowa contests was reduced by the fact that neither of bush 's two challengers ( buchanan and former ku klux klansman david duke ) contested the caucus , [while] amongst the democrats it had long been accepted that the contest would be won by tom harkin , one of the state 's representatives in the senate , and so there had been a minimal amount of campaigning .

As predicted , the Republican contest was duly won by Bush , whilst Harkin massively outscored his Democratic rivals .
as predicted , the republican contest was duly won by bush , [while] harkin massively outscored his democratic rivals .

For Tsongas this was considered a reward for his diligent and intelligent campaigning in the state , whilst for Clinton it represented a powerful resurgence for a campaign which , in early February , was being widely written off as doomed .
for tsongas this was considered a reward for his diligent and intelligent campaigning in the state , [while] for clinton it represented a powerful resurgence for a campaign which , in early february , was being widely written off as doomed .

In the House , a decision was delayed whilst Democrats and Republicans negotiated in an unsuccessful attempt to reach a consensus over the scope and procedures of the inquiry .
in the house , a decision was delayed [while] democrats and republicans negotiated in an unsuccessful attempt to reach a consensus over the scope and procedures of the inquiry .

In the first direct move against members of Ershad 's Cabinet , former Home Minister Maj.-Gen. ( retd ) Mahmudul Hasan was arrested in Dhaka on Dec. 11 whilst allegedly planning to organize a pro-Ershad rally .
in the first direct move against members of ershad 's cabinet , former home minister maj.-gen. ( retd ) mahmudul hasan was arrested in dhaka on dec. 11 [while] allegedly planning to organize a pro-ershad rally .

Whilst suggesting that he had been keen to run , he explained his decision on the grounds that his obligation to the people of his state came before his personal ambition for the presidency .
[while] suggesting that he had been keen to run , he explained his decision on the grounds that his obligation to the people of his state came before his personal ambition for the presidency .

He denounced the Republicans in the New York state legislature for bringing the state to the `` brink of disaster `` by blocking agreement on a plan to close an estimated $ 875 million gap in the current state budget and deal with a $ 3,600 million deficit for the coming year , but acknowledged that he could not contemplate campaigning in New Hampshire whilst his state faced such a crisis .
he denounced the republicans in the new york state legislature for bringing the state to the `` brink of disaster `` by blocking agreement on a plan to close an estimated $ 875 million gap in the current state budget and deal with a $ 3,600 million deficit for the coming year , but acknowledged that he could not contemplate campaigning in new hampshire [while] his state faced such a crisis .

In 1984 some 2,500 Inuit of the western Arctic were given title to 35,000 square miles ; in March 1990 some 7,000 Indians in the Yukon reached agreement over 16,000 square miles , whilst in the following month some 13,000 Dene-Metis Indians agreed in principle to a settlement of 70,000 square miles of Arctic and sub-Arctic territory .
in 1984 some 2,500 inuit of the western arctic were given title to 35,000 square miles ; in march 1990 some 7,000 indians in the yukon reached agreement over 16,000 square miles , [while] in the following month some 13,000 dene-metis indians agreed in principle to a settlement of 70,000 square miles of arctic and sub-arctic territory .

Aquino 's decision to press the case — and to undergo a ferocious and lengthy cross-examination — was seen by some to have needlessly exposed her already tarnished public image to further damage , whilst others applauded it as further proof of the tenacious courage which she had displayed in opposing Marcos .
aquino 's decision to press the case — and to undergo a ferocious and lengthy cross-examination — was seen by some to have needlessly exposed her already tarnished public image to further damage , [while] others applauded it as further proof of the tenacious courage which she had displayed in opposing marcos .

In December petrol prices were raised by a further 32 per cent , whilst on Jan. 3 , 1991 , Aquino signed an executive order which imposed an additional 9 per cent duty on almost all imports , including oil .
in december petrol prices were raised by a further 32 per cent , [while] on jan. 3 , 1991 , aquino signed an executive order which imposed an additional 9 per cent duty on almost all imports , including oil .

Robert Holmes à Court died of a heart attack on Sept. 2 , while on Oct. 7 Packer suffered a massive heart attack whilst playing polo .
robert holmes à court died of a heart attack on sept. 2 , while on oct. 7 packer suffered a massive heart attack [while] playing polo .

In Florida voters amended the state constitution to impose a three-day waiting period on the purchase of handguns , whilst in Alaska the private use of marijuana was recriminalized .
in florida voters amended the state constitution to impose a three-day waiting period on the purchase of handguns , [while] in alaska the private use of marijuana was recriminalized .

By withholding his signature ( required by midnight on Nov. 10 ) whilst Congress was not in session , the President exercised the so-called `` pocket veto `` — the elimination of a piece of legislation without recourse to the use of a formal executive veto .
by withholding his signature ( required by midnight on nov. 10 ) [while] congress was not in session , the president exercised the so-called `` pocket veto `` — the elimination of a piece of legislation without recourse to the use of a formal executive veto .

In Georgia Buchanan came very close to the 37 per cent which he had scored in New Hampshire , whilst in Colorado and Maryland , where he had hardly campaigned , he won 30 per cent .
in georgia buchanan came very close to the 37 per cent which he had scored in new hampshire , [while] in colorado and maryland , where he had hardly campaigned , he won 30 per cent .

On April 7 Djibouti lifted all trade and travel restrictions whilst Côte d'Ivoire announced the establishment of full diplomatic relations , making it the second African country ( after Malawi ) to exchange ambassadors .
on april 7 djibouti lifted all trade and travel restrictions [while] côte d'ivoire announced the establishment of full diplomatic relations , making it the second african country ( after malawi ) to exchange ambassadors .

Whilst Iraq made no attempt to contest allied air superiority — the only recorded flights by Iraqi aircraft were of those fleeing to Iranian airfields — the firing of Scud missiles against Israel and Saudi Arabia continued throughout February .
[while] iraq made no attempt to contest allied air superiority — the only recorded flights by iraqi aircraft were of those fleeing to iranian airfields — the firing of scud missiles against israel and saudi arabia continued throughout february .

The Maryland House of Delegates on Feb. 18 approved legislation guaranteeing continued access to legal abortions , whilst requiring doctors to inform the parents of any young woman under 18 who was seeking an abortion .
the maryland house of delegates on feb. 18 approved legislation guaranteeing continued access to legal abortions , [while] requiring doctors to inform the parents of any young woman under 18 who was seeking an abortion .

Whilst swearing to uphold the country 's 1987 Constitution , he emphasised that his election marked a break with the past and promised to combat the greed and corruption which had characterized the county 's previous governments .
[while] swearing to uphold the country 's 1987 constitution , he emphasised that his election marked a break with the past and promised to combat the greed and corruption which had characterized the county 's previous governments .

Whilst the sale itself can be effected only by acte notarie , it is worth remembering that many of the contracts drawn by sellers ' Agents are prepared without a sight of the title deeds .
[while] the sale itself can be effected only by acte notarie , it is worth remembering that many of the contracts drawn by sellers ' agents are prepared without a sight of the title deeds .

And to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question … Whilst it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their Lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord … The nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the conditions of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the transfer of the reversion should create in the transferee an additional and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid …
and to ask whether it affects the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant is an exercise which begs the question … [while] it is true that the deposit is paid to the original payee because it is security for the performance of contractual obligations assumed throughout the term by the payer and because the payee is the party to whom the contract is entered into , it is , in their lordships ' view , more realistic to regard the obligation as one entered into with the landlord qua payee rather than qua landlord … the nature of the obligation is simply that of an obligation to repay money which has been received and it is neither necessary nor logical , simply because the conditions of repayment relate to the performance of covenants in a lease , that the transfer of the reversion should create in the transferee an additional and co-extensive obligation to pay money which he has never received and in which he never had any interest or that the assignment of the term should vest in the assignee the right to receive a sum which he has never paid …

In bathrooms , scale build up on shower heads constricts water flow , whilst build up around sanitary fittings and lavatory bowls is unsightly and unhygienic .
in bathrooms , scale build up on shower heads constricts water flow , [while] build up around sanitary fittings and lavatory bowls is unsightly and unhygienic .

Whilst most commercial environments are designed to stimulate motivate , even excite the guest , the hotel is , in general , quite the reverse .
[while] most commercial environments are designed to stimulate motivate , even excite the guest , the hotel is , in general , quite the reverse .

As these works are carried out whilst the hotel is occupied and operation , it requires a flexible approach to the work and very close co-operation with the hotel and their representatives .
as these works are carried out [while] the hotel is occupied and operation , it requires a flexible approach to the work and very close co-operation with the hotel and their representatives .

These structures need to be erected and dismantled quickly with a minimum of disturbance whilst encountering many difficult locations .
these structures need to be erected and dismantled quickly with a minimum of disturbance [while] encountering many difficult locations .

If one considers that , whilst diners may be perfectly at ease lingering over the dessert and coffee stage of a meal , there is usually a sense of urgency surrounding the arrival at table of the main event , the entrée .
if one considers that , [while] diners may be perfectly at ease lingering over the dessert and coffee stage of a meal , there is usually a sense of urgency surrounding the arrival at table of the main event , the entrée .

Whilst never daring to suggest these catering methods are new they can be the key to a foodservice that is certainly vastly improved .
[while] never daring to suggest these catering methods are new they can be the key to a foodservice that is certainly vastly improved .

Whilst reheating can be successfully achieved by using other modes , this is a speciality mode developed in recognition that the majority of food will be stored in a refrigerator .
[while] reheating can be successfully achieved by using other modes , this is a speciality mode developed in recognition that the majority of food will be stored in a refrigerator .

He attempted to descend a steep staircase which had no handrail , whilst holding a small child by the hand .
he attempted to descend a steep staircase which had no handrail , [while] holding a small child by the hand .

Whilst certain provisions in the memorandum and articles are essential in order to comply with legal provisions and/or with the rules , all that is required is that the memorandum and articles of a recognised body comply with both the rules and the necessary legal provisions ; the format does not have to be followed .
[while] certain provisions in the memorandum and articles are essential in order to comply with legal provisions and/or with the rules , all that is required is that the memorandum and articles of a recognised body comply with both the rules and the necessary legal provisions ; the format does not have to be followed .

Whilst this at least saves National Insurance contributions the incentive must be to take out salary at least to a level of £71,400 so as to get the maximum allowance base for pension contributions .
[while] this at least saves national insurance contributions the incentive must be to take out salary at least to a level of £71,400 so as to get the maximum allowance base for pension contributions .

As Sir John Fielding put it in 1758 : The infinite variety of professions , trades , and manufactures joined to the army , navy and services , leave few men idle , unless from choice ; whilst women have but few trades , and fewer manufactures to employ them .
as sir john fielding put it in 1758 : the infinite variety of professions , trades , and manufactures joined to the army , navy and services , leave few men idle , unless from choice ; [while] women have but few trades , and fewer manufactures to employ them .

Often when on a winter 's night we youngsters were seated round the hearth … would she set her wheel aside , take a pinch of snuff , hutch her chair towards the other hob , and excite our curiosity and wonder by strange and fearful tales of witches , spirits , and apparitions , whilst we listened in silence and awe , and scarcely breathing , contemplated in imagination , the visions of an unseen world , which her narratives conjured up before us .
often when on a winter 's night we youngsters were seated round the hearth … would she set her wheel aside , take a pinch of snuff , hutch her chair towards the other hob , and excite our curiosity and wonder by strange and fearful tales of witches , spirits , and apparitions , [while] we listened in silence and awe , and scarcely breathing , contemplated in imagination , the visions of an unseen world , which her narratives conjured up before us .

Unlike the blackboard model , it embodies only weak interactions , whilst unlike the hierarchical model it uses a uniform global data structure .
unlike the blackboard model , it embodies only weak interactions , [while] unlike the hierarchical model it uses a uniform global data structure .

The plaintiff 's former employee was very familiar with the interface element ( known as `` Adapter `` ) which was part of the plaintiff 's `` CA-Scheduler `` program and had even been allowed to take a copy of the `` Adapter `` source code home whilst working on it .
the plaintiff 's former employee was very familiar with the interface element ( known as `` adapter `` ) which was part of the plaintiff 's `` ca-scheduler `` program and had even been allowed to take a copy of the `` adapter `` source code home [while] working on it .

At one end of the spectrum a work will be produced using a computer as a tool , just as a writer uses a pen or a typewriter , whilst at the other end the computer will produce its works with little or no direct human effort .
at one end of the spectrum a work will be produced using a computer as a tool , just as a writer uses a pen or a typewriter , [while] at the other end the computer will produce its works with little or no direct human effort .

Ex-employees have to make a living and much of the ex-employee 's skill will involve what he learnt whilst in his previous employment , thus providing the courts with a dilemma .
ex-employees have to make a living and much of the ex-employee 's skill will involve what he learnt [while] in his previous employment , thus providing the courts with a dilemma .

Whilst still in employment , there was an implied term imposing a duty of good faith .
[while] still in employment , there was an implied term imposing a duty of good faith .

Whilst a patent will be refused for a computer program simpliciter ( or any of the other exceptions in section 1 ( 2 ) for that matter ) it will be allowed if the purpose of the program is to bring about some practical effect and it is that effect which is the subject matter of the patent application .
[while] a patent will be refused for a computer program simpliciter ( or any of the other exceptions in section 1 ( 2 ) for that matter ) it will be allowed if the purpose of the program is to bring about some practical effect and it is that effect which is the subject matter of the patent application .

This approach is in line with common sense and prevents others from flouting patent law by changing details of an invention whilst retaining the underlying principles involved and is justified on the basis that patent specifications and claims are directed to technical people , not lawyers .
this approach is in line with common sense and prevents others from flouting patent law by changing details of an invention [while] retaining the underlying principles involved and is justified on the basis that patent specifications and claims are directed to technical people , not lawyers .

Methods or principles of construction are verging on patent law , whilst eye-appeal resulting from function , or from fitting with another article are excluded because it is an indirect effect .
methods or principles of construction are verging on patent law , [while] eye-appeal resulting from function , or from fitting with another article are excluded because it is an indirect effect .

The fact that organizations developing or supplying software or manufacturing and distributing hardware could be liable for the consequences of failure requires them to consider means of reducing or limiting liability and , whilst practical measures such as quality control and testing are of vital importance , regard must be had to the legal position regarding defects .
the fact that organizations developing or supplying software or manufacturing and distributing hardware could be liable for the consequences of failure requires them to consider means of reducing or limiting liability and , [while] practical measures such as quality control and testing are of vital importance , regard must be had to the legal position regarding defects .

Mandarin Hotel 's profits declined by 17 per cent for the year to 31 December whilst trading profit for Boddington 's hotel and restaurant division increased by 7.3 per cent to £2.6 million in 1991 from £2.4 million in 1990 .
mandarin hotel 's profits declined by 17 per cent for the year to 31 december [while] trading profit for boddington 's hotel and restaurant division increased by 7.3 per cent to £2.6 million in 1991 from £2.4 million in 1990 .

At this juncture , it is important to note that whilst there are interesting positions on offer in all fields at all levels , terms and conditions for non-executive jobs tend to be based on market rates relative to the country of origin for those nationalities usually recruited to perform the tasks in question .
at this juncture , it is important to note that [while] there are interesting positions on offer in all fields at all levels , terms and conditions for non-executive jobs tend to be based on market rates relative to the country of origin for those nationalities usually recruited to perform the tasks in question .

Whilst this situation has changed in recent years , it will only be when local female populations attain the same educational standard as their male counter-parts and take a key role in management decisions that substantial progress will be made .
[while] this situation has changed in recent years , it will only be when local female populations attain the same educational standard as their male counter-parts and take a key role in management decisions that substantial progress will be made .

At dinner we serve 900 entrées in 30 minutes , whilst on our largest ships we cater for 2600 and 950 crew .
at dinner we serve 900 entrées in 30 minutes , [while] on our largest ships we cater for 2600 and 950 crew .

The material can be used , therefore , by those in work seeking to enhance and broaden their knowledge whilst working towards membership of the professional body and the new vocational qualifications .
the material can be used , therefore , by those in work seeking to enhance and broaden their knowledge [while] working towards membership of the professional body and the new vocational qualifications .

The trainers are aware of the need to shorten the training course whilst still preserving our standards and are looking for an optional mode of training which is more flexible .
the trainers are aware of the need to shorten the training course [while] still preserving our standards and are looking for an optional mode of training which is more flexible .

The trainers are aware of the need to shorten the training course whilst still preserving our standards and are looking for an optional mode of training which is more flexible .
the trainers are aware of the need to shorten the training course [while] still preserving our standards and are looking for an optional mode of training which is more flexible .

She had clearly by various decree created a force majeure over mineral workings and whilst at the time this would have appeared an admirable standing , nevertheless the monopoly began to serve , in later years , as a disincentive to exploration and development .
she had clearly by various decree created a force majeure over mineral workings and [while] at the time this would have appeared an admirable standing , nevertheless the monopoly began to serve , in later years , as a disincentive to exploration and development .

The next meeting was set for the 23rd April but three days later disaster struck the party whilst they were viewing the God 's Gift Copper Mine .
the next meeting was set for the 23rd april but three days later disaster struck the party [while] they were viewing the god 's gift copper mine .

, whilst a quintal was one cwt .
, [while] a quintal was one cwt .

In this Windle and Maidwell are described as glass sellers , whilst Thomas Gunson has become a pawnbroker .
in this windle and maidwell are described as glass sellers , [while] thomas gunson has become a pawnbroker .

At least this dust was somewhat localized whilst that from machine drills could fill headings and stopes until at times it was impossible for a miner to see his hand in front of his face in the dim candlelight .
at least this dust was somewhat localized [while] that from machine drills could fill headings and stopes until at times it was impossible for a miner to see his hand in front of his face in the dim candlelight .

Numerous such accidents happened whilst igniting , for if the slow fuze happened to be not so slow , or the miner inadvertently touched the straw with his candle , then he might have but a few impossible seconds to make good his escape .
numerous such accidents happened [while] igniting , for if the slow fuze happened to be not so slow , or the miner inadvertently touched the straw with his candle , then he might have but a few impossible seconds to make good his escape .

, whilst at Muckle Gill , above the top waterfall in Tilberthwaite Gill , the veins , even then , `` as the shafts get deeper , become less rich … getting more coarse and more mineralised with sulphur . ``
, [while] at muckle gill , above the top waterfall in tilberthwaite gill , the veins , even then , `` as the shafts get deeper , become less rich … getting more coarse and more mineralised with sulphur . ``

By studying map Fig. 5 , it will be seen that small ruined sheds or " hutts " are sited about the opened veins whilst piles of hand cobbed , or knapped , deads are associated with these .
by studying map fig. 5 , it will be seen that small ruined sheds or " hutts " are sited about the opened veins [while] piles of hand cobbed , or knapped , deads are associated with these .

Those able to read totalled 63 ( 90 per cent ) , whilst 76 per cent attended Sunday School with 81 per cent being present at public worship .
those able to read totalled 63 ( 90 per cent ) , [while] 76 per cent attended sunday school with 81 per cent being present at public worship .

One was almost 10 , whilst the youngest attended school .
one was almost 10 , [while] the youngest attended school .

Frances ( Fanney in the '41 Census ) married a mason , John Braithwaite of Ulverston , whilst her brother John , 9 , became apprenticed to the mason trade , possibly with the Braithwaites .
frances ( fanney in the '41 census ) married a mason , john braithwaite of ulverston , [while] her brother john , 9 , became apprenticed to the mason trade , possibly with the braithwaites .

The principle was the same however — the reliance of the mineral with its heavier specific gravity , settling down quickly whilst the waste rode off with the water .
the principle was the same however — the reliance of the mineral with its heavier specific gravity , settling down quickly [while] the waste rode off with the water .

over seven months for plastering the buildings , whilst James Wearing received £284 : 0s .
over seven months for plastering the buildings , [while] james wearing received £284 : 0s .

Other notable vicars of Halling became Headmasters of Kings School whilst still at Halling : Michael Chapman headmaster in 1631 , Thomas Yardley 1660–3 , John Edwards 1668–78 , John Price 1729–39 .
other notable vicars of halling became headmasters of kings school [while] still at halling : michael chapman headmaster in 1631 , thomas yardley 1660–3 , john edwards 1668–78 , john price 1729–39 .

There are many incidents recorded in the registers of Haymo whilst here at Hailing , carrying out many ordinations and there are many instances recorded of monks receiving their tonsures at the Chapel at Halling .
there are many incidents recorded in the registers of haymo [while] here at hailing , carrying out many ordinations and there are many instances recorded of monks receiving their tonsures at the chapel at halling .

Whilst the plague lasted many chaplains and curates were not carrying out their duties and the Bishop commanded them under pain of interdict and suspension to return to their parishes .
[while] the plague lasted many chaplains and curates were not carrying out their duties and the bishop commanded them under pain of interdict and suspension to return to their parishes .

In the year 1531 , an attempt had been made to poison Fisher whilst at his palace at Lambeth , the attempt failing owing to the bishop being unable to take food , but 19 people died and others were taken seriously ill .
in the year 1531 , an attempt had been made to poison fisher [while] at his palace at lambeth , the attempt failing owing to the bishop being unable to take food , but 19 people died and others were taken seriously ill .

The problem by and large is a problem of levels , and whilst the bottoms of the pits now support fully grown trees these are Separated from the surrounding fields and roads by massive chalk cliffs — in some places several hundred feet high !
the problem by and large is a problem of levels , and [while] the bottoms of the pits now support fully grown trees these are separated from the surrounding fields and roads by massive chalk cliffs — in some places several hundred feet high !

For example , if somebody says `` university `` , `` controversial `` and `` determination `` it is probably a Finnish speaker , whilst `` Washington `` , `` Oslo `` and `` Stockholm `` would be the pronunciation of Frenchman .
for example , if somebody says `` university `` , `` controversial `` and `` determination `` it is probably a finnish speaker , [while] `` washington `` , `` oslo `` and `` stockholm `` would be the pronunciation of frenchman .

They are just ways of filling time whilst the realities of power assert themselves .
they are just ways of filling time [while] the realities of power assert themselves .

The difference between a bullet and a rocket is that ground control can alter the course of the rocket whilst it is still in flight .
the difference between a bullet and a rocket is that ground control can alter the course of the rocket [while] it is still in flight .

Some people seem able to indicate disapproval without causing offence whilst others cause resentment even with the mildest expression of dissatisfaction .
some people seem able to indicate disapproval without causing offence [while] others cause resentment even with the mildest expression of dissatisfaction .

It may be that exports are forging ahead whilst home sales sag — or the other way round .
it may be that exports are forging ahead [while] home sales sag — or the other way round .

It may be that larger cars are not selling whilst smaller cars are .
it may be that larger cars are not selling [while] smaller cars are .

Whilst ‘ Kubla Khan ’ may delight us it does not delight Coleridge , who has seem the real thing .
[while] ‘ kubla khan ’ may delight us it does not delight coleridge , who has seem the real thing .

In three of these patients ( patients 5 , 6 , and 7 ) , ultrastructural examination , however , showed abnormalities of smooth muscle fibres whilst normal argyrophilic neurones were seen in the silver preparations .
in three of these patients ( patients 5 , 6 , and 7 ) , ultrastructural examination , however , showed abnormalities of smooth muscle fibres [while] normal argyrophilic neurones were seen in the silver preparations .

It has been the practice to suggest that the air in the theatre should be completely changed at least ten times per hour whilst working .
it has been the practice to suggest that the air in the theatre should be completely changed at least ten times per hour [while] working .

The cavalcade stopped and orders were issued for us to rest in the fields around the church whilst Queen Margaret and her principal attendants went inside .
the cavalcade stopped and orders were issued for us to rest in the fields around the church [while] queen margaret and her principal attendants went inside .

We all filed out of the church , leaving Queen Margaret with her shadows whilst we waited in the warm autumn sunshine .
we all filed out of the church , leaving queen margaret with her shadows [while] we waited in the warm autumn sunshine .

Moodie squeaked in support whilst Ruthven just dismissed them all with one scathing look .
moodie squeaked in support [while] ruthven just dismissed them all with one scathing look .

Now and again we came across the signs and secret symbols of the Templar Order : huge black crosses , thinly covered with whitewash , whilst the arms and escutcheons of long dead knights still hung high on the walls .
now and again we came across the signs and secret symbols of the templar order : huge black crosses , thinly covered with whitewash , [while] the arms and escutcheons of long dead knights still hung high on the walls .

Queen Margaret sat at the head of the cracked , dangerously shaky table whilst Catesby ordered benches to be brought in for the rest .
queen margaret sat at the head of the cracked , dangerously shaky table [while] catesby ordered benches to be brought in for the rest .

Catesby looked furious whilst Doctor Agrippa , eyes closed , arms folded , sat like some benevolent friar after a hearty meal .
catesby looked furious [while] doctor agrippa , eyes closed , arms folded , sat like some benevolent friar after a hearty meal .

Whilst grooms took our horses away , we were led into the dreary Chapter House , now made a little more comfortable with hangings and arras , cushions and chairs , from Queen Margaret 's stores .
[while] grooms took our horses away , we were led into the dreary chapter house , now made a little more comfortable with hangings and arras , cushions and chairs , from queen margaret 's stores .

Moodie looked sanctimonious whilst Scawsby could hardly hide his crows of triumph .
moodie looked sanctimonious [while] scawsby could hardly hide his crows of triumph .

Both looked very similar , faces and hair as white as snow whilst their eyes were strangely blue though red-rimmed .
both looked very similar , faces and hair as white as snow [while] their eyes were strangely blue though red-rimmed .

The Careys glared at me , Scawsby sneered and enquired sarcastically after my health whilst Melford , whenever his gaze caught mine , let his hand fall to the dagger at his belt .
the careys glared at me , scawsby sneered and enquired sarcastically after my health [while] melford , whenever his gaze caught mine , let his hand fall to the dagger at his belt .

Dumped poor Catherine and Mary in some deserted palace whilst he went whoring .
dumped poor catherine and mary in some deserted palace [while] he went whoring .

Benjamin spent most of the time sitting in a chair staring at the guttering candle flame , whilst my sleep was racked by terrible nightmares of my visit to Montfaucon .
benjamin spent most of the time sitting in a chair staring at the guttering candle flame , [while] my sleep was racked by terrible nightmares of my visit to montfaucon .

Two assailants were pressing Agrippa whilst the other three had apparently forgotten me and were intent on bringing my master down .
two assailants were pressing agrippa [while] the other three had apparently forgotten me and were intent on bringing my master down .

Sir Robert Catesby greeted Agrippa warmly , taking him aside for secret consultations whilst ignoring Benjamin and me .
sir robert catesby greeted agrippa warmly , taking him aside for secret consultations [while] ignoring benjamin and me .

Agrippa excused himself whilst Catesby took Benjamin and me across to the Queen 's spacious chamber on the second floor of the Tower just next to St Stephen 's Chapel .
agrippa excused himself [while] catesby took benjamin and me across to the queen 's spacious chamber on the second floor of the tower just next to st stephen 's chapel .

Whilst good prospects remain in its traditional areas of business , the company also secured a number of major overseas contracts during the year .
[while] good prospects remain in its traditional areas of business , the company also secured a number of major overseas contracts during the year .

Obviously he had taken the opportunity whilst in the station of running through her statement .
obviously he had taken the opportunity [while] in the station of running through her statement .

whilst only our near neighbours , inert ,
[while] only our near neighbours , inert ,

whilst , on a pediment below ,
[while] , on a pediment below ,

Some reports from quite small departments were rather lengthy whilst one report took up only one page .
some reports from quite small departments were rather lengthy [while] one report took up only one page .

Whilst teachers seemed to be fairly happy to comment on provision for equal opportunities , some heads of department had misgivings about commenting on provision for multicultural education .
[while] teachers seemed to be fairly happy to comment on provision for equal opportunities , some heads of department had misgivings about commenting on provision for multicultural education .

Whilst departmental reports could have been discussed and a broad evaluation of curriculum strategy discussed by staff as a whole , it seems reasonable that reports which contained confidential matters were not circulating round the school .
[while] departmental reports could have been discussed and a broad evaluation of curriculum strategy discussed by staff as a whole , it seems reasonable that reports which contained confidential matters were not circulating round the school .

Some were observed with every group they taught whilst others had very few visits to lessons .
some were observed with every group they taught [while] others had very few visits to lessons .

Senior staff in some cases had interviews with several advisers whilst other teachers were never interviewed .
senior staff in some cases had interviews with several advisers [while] other teachers were never interviewed .

Whilst this was not denied there seemed to be general confusion among teachers about the nature of ‘ multicultural education ’ and the nature of the school 's problems with respect to this issue .
[while] this was not denied there seemed to be general confusion among teachers about the nature of ‘ multicultural education ’ and the nature of the school 's problems with respect to this issue .

Whilst the self-appraisal might be viewed as the school 's attempt to defend its policies and practices , rather than to appraise itself , and to make a special case for extra resources and improved staffing , the inspection could be seen as a process of ensuring that the school was performing to an acceptable standard and that no serious problems existed in terms of teacher performance and in terms of resources needed to carry out the curriculum .
[while] the self-appraisal might be viewed as the school 's attempt to defend its policies and practices , rather than to appraise itself , and to make a special case for extra resources and improved staffing , the inspection could be seen as a process of ensuring that the school was performing to an acceptable standard and that no serious problems existed in terms of teacher performance and in terms of resources needed to carry out the curriculum .

For example the head of Craft , Design and Technology had received money to replace inadequate stock and an increase in capitation , whilst the head of Home Economics was in the process of gaining badly-needed equipment — although much of this was still in the ‘ pipeline ’ at the time of the interview .
for example the head of craft , design and technology had received money to replace inadequate stock and an increase in capitation , [while] the head of home economics was in the process of gaining badly-needed equipment — although much of this was still in the ‘ pipeline ’ at the time of the interview .

Whilst it is accepted that the department has done exceptionally well in getting every member of the school who does Art to provide themselves with pencils , rubbers and sketch pads , it is felt that the time is now right for the department to expand this and push for pupils to provide paints for themselves .
[while] it is accepted that the department has done exceptionally well in getting every member of the school who does art to provide themselves with pencils , rubbers and sketch pads , it is felt that the time is now right for the department to expand this and push for pupils to provide paints for themselves .

Whilst still positive , Solihull secondary school teachers are somewhat less so with regard to the flexibility and effectiveness of the booklet than with its general utility .
[while] still positive , solihull secondary school teachers are somewhat less so with regard to the flexibility and effectiveness of the booklet than with its general utility .

Anna and Jurgen , Charlotte and Horst — both sets of parents had been intent upon creating well-rounded offspring , and the holidays on Møn , whilst providing an excellent opportunity for the two young people to make music together , were designed to encourage other interests .
anna and jurgen , charlotte and horst — both sets of parents had been intent upon creating well-rounded offspring , and the holidays on møn , [while] providing an excellent opportunity for the two young people to make music together , were designed to encourage other interests .

At the war 's end , charity assembled to comfort her for a brief moment and whilst wishing her long life , nevertheless dispersed and never reassembled .
at the war 's end , charity assembled to comfort her for a brief moment and [while] wishing her long life , nevertheless dispersed and never reassembled .

As a critical or psychological judgement it is meaningless , since it is difficult to see how a conductor can reveal private soul-searching whilst recording the overture to Die Fledermaus or Beethoven 's Seventh Symphony , short , that is , of transposing each piece into the minor and playing it at half speed .
as a critical or psychological judgement it is meaningless , since it is difficult to see how a conductor can reveal private soul-searching [while] recording the overture to die fledermaus or beethoven 's seventh symphony , short , that is , of transposing each piece into the minor and playing it at half speed .

Whilst the record companies sat on their hands , nervous of another quadraphonic-style fiasco , Karajan announced after seeing the new technology as a working prototype that he would make no new recordings and sign no new contracts with any company that was not committed to digital recording and the earliest possible launch of the compact disc .
[while] the record companies sat on their hands , nervous of another quadraphonic-style fiasco , karajan announced after seeing the new technology as a working prototype that he would make no new recordings and sign no new contracts with any company that was not committed to digital recording and the earliest possible launch of the compact disc .

Whilst one of Karajan 's recording companies held back , the Deutsche Grammophon-Polygram group took the plunge .
[while] one of karajan 's recording companies held back , the deutsche grammophon-polygram group took the plunge .

The valves of a reciprocating pump are designed to enable one side of the moving piston to suck fluid whilst the other expels fluid .
the valves of a reciprocating pump are designed to enable one side of the moving piston to suck fluid [while] the other expels fluid .

On Earth , the westerly winds that blow against the sun are aggressive , whilst the easterly trade winds are warmer and kinder .
on earth , the westerly winds that blow against the sun are aggressive , [while] the easterly trade winds are warmer and kinder .

He found that he could direct a free horse to choose the correct feed bucket — the one containing oats whilst the others were empty — by visualising in his own mind the oats lying in the bottom of the bucket .
he found that he could direct a free horse to choose the correct feed bucket — the one containing oats [while] the others were empty — by visualising in his own mind the oats lying in the bottom of the bucket .

Whether such attachments are possible will depend very much on how much help and support he or she has received whilst going through the process of loss ( which we will be looking at later ) .
whether such attachments are possible will depend very much on how much help and support he or she has received [while] going through the process of loss ( which we will be looking at later ) .

It might be that we could ensure that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus alleviating the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters whilst trying to deal with extraordinary ones .
it might be that we could ensure that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus alleviating the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters [while] trying to deal with extraordinary ones .

The person trying to commit suicide has decided either rationally or whilst under extreme duress that their life is no longer bearable and that they must end it .
the person trying to commit suicide has decided either rationally or [while] under extreme duress that their life is no longer bearable and that they must end it .

Mortality rates were high and many children did not survive into adulthood , whilst adulthood itself implied a much shorter lifespan than it does today .
mortality rates were high and many children did not survive into adulthood , [while] adulthood itself implied a much shorter lifespan than it does today .

If the person has not made a will then the process usually takes a good deal longer which may mean that a whole range of practical issues are held in abeyance whilst the situation is resolved .
if the person has not made a will then the process usually takes a good deal longer which may mean that a whole range of practical issues are held in abeyance [while] the situation is resolved .

It is for someone to support the person whilst they try to unravel their thoughts in such a way that it becomes clear that they can say anything , no matter how bizarre or odd it sounds , because that will be the way they sort out their feelings in order to cope with them .
it is for someone to support the person [while] they try to unravel their thoughts in such a way that it becomes clear that they can say anything , no matter how bizarre or odd it sounds , because that will be the way they sort out their feelings in order to cope with them .

So to be concerned with fashion , to dress up and have fun with clothes , is to be stupid , even whilst every single day the fashion , advertising , and plastic surgery businesses ( not to mention slimming aids , diet books , fitness centres , cosmetics industry ) pump millions of pounds into all these things .
so to be concerned with fashion , to dress up and have fun with clothes , is to be stupid , even [while] every single day the fashion , advertising , and plastic surgery businesses ( not to mention slimming aids , diet books , fitness centres , cosmetics industry ) pump millions of pounds into all these things .

She wrote a long and moving letter , describing her terrifying experience of being raped whilst on holiday with two friends .
she wrote a long and moving letter , describing her terrifying experience of being raped [while] on holiday with two friends .

Whilst Alison states at the end of Chapter 11 that she would not like to have a period as it would signify that she had ‘ let up ’ control over her body , Freya feels quite differently , realising that getting her periods back would be a good sign of recovery .
[while] alison states at the end of chapter 11 that she would not like to have a period as it would signify that she had ‘ let up ’ control over her body , freya feels quite differently , realising that getting her periods back would be a good sign of recovery .

Some sports magazines and shops sell weighted strips of material that you can wear around your wrists or ankles whilst doing other exercise ( such as suppleness exercises or when running ) .
some sports magazines and shops sell weighted strips of material that you can wear around your wrists or ankles [while] doing other exercise ( such as suppleness exercises or when running ) .

Ma had sat , large , aproned , silent , whilst he talked .
ma had sat , large , aproned , silent , [while] he talked .

Blattern the postman walked slowly across the green , more slowly than ever , whilst Alida waited , twitching at the curtains , and then he paused at their gate before walking past .
blattern the postman walked slowly across the green , more slowly than ever , [while] alida waited , twitching at the curtains , and then he paused at their gate before walking past .

Whilst in the Paralympic Village we read the quote from Mr Dick Palmer , of the British Olympic Association , ‘ justifying ’ their not allowing our athletes to wear ‘ their ’ logo .
[while] in the paralympic village we read the quote from mr dick palmer , of the british olympic association , ‘ justifying ’ their not allowing our athletes to wear ‘ their ’ logo .

Cook food in the base of the wok , and then pull the food up the sides to keep warm whilst adding more to the base of the pan .
cook food in the base of the wok , and then pull the food up the sides to keep warm [while] adding more to the base of the pan .

David was sacked from his very first job at Vic Furlongs Music Shop in Bromley ; he was working there whilst still at school but , as Vic describes , ‘ He was a day-dreamer and had to be gotten rid of . ’
david was sacked from his very first job at vic furlongs music shop in bromley ; he was working there [while] still at school but , as vic describes , ‘ he was a day-dreamer and had to be gotten rid of . ’

Bought by collectors — and for the first time whilst , as it were , still wet — by museums .
bought by collectors — and for the first time [while] , as it were , still wet — by museums .

The union 's promise that no Irish team will be allowed to go to South Africa ‘ whilst the remainder of the apartheid laws exist ’ has not convinced many people , while drawing the wrath of their recent hosts down about the heads of Dawson and his fellow-travellers .
the union 's promise that no irish team will be allowed to go to south africa ‘ [while] the remainder of the apartheid laws exist ’ has not convinced many people , while drawing the wrath of their recent hosts down about the heads of dawson and his fellow-travellers .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by purchasing and retaining 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 [while] concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both component parts of that index .

The Heriard-Dubreuil dynasty holds a 51 per cent stake in the group whilst the Cointreau family , headed by Max Cointreau , owns the remaining 49 per cent .
the heriard-dubreuil dynasty holds a 51 per cent stake in the group [while] the cointreau family , headed by max cointreau , owns the remaining 49 per cent .

Bateleur Eagles are unusual in having dimorphic plumage , the female displays grey secondary feathers whilst males have entirely black wings .
bateleur eagles are unusual in having dimorphic plumage , the female displays grey secondary feathers [while] males have entirely black wings .

They use their tails to grip branches whilst reaching for food , mostly ripened fruit .
they use their tails to grip branches [while] reaching for food , mostly ripened fruit .

Whilst most bryozoa require microscopic examination , a few form colonies large and distinctive enough to be easily recognizable .
[while] most bryozoa require microscopic examination , a few form colonies large and distinctive enough to be easily recognizable .

47102 waits to return to Manchester whilst in charge of the demolition train .
47102 waits to return to manchester [while] in charge of the demolition train .

Midway between Valehouse and Hadfield , class 47 's 47200/146 pick their way through the weeds whilst returning the demolition train to Manchester .
midway between valehouse and hadfield , class 47 's 47200/146 pick their way through the weeds [while] returning the demolition train to manchester .

Whilst we hope you will find these facility ratings a helpful guide when making your holiday choice , it is important you appreciate both that circumstances can change after our brochure goes to press and that such facilities can not be guaranteed throughout the season , particularly where they are dependent on weather or the level of demand at a particular time .
[while] we hope you will find these facility ratings a helpful guide when making your holiday choice , it is important you appreciate both that circumstances can change after our brochure goes to press and that such facilities can not be guaranteed throughout the season , particularly where they are dependent on weather or the level of demand at a particular time .

Kings Road fashions are sold in the heart of Ibiza 's historic capital whilst San Antonio boasts some of the best nightclubs in the Mediterranean .
kings road fashions are sold in the heart of ibiza 's historic capital [while] san antonio boasts some of the best nightclubs in the mediterranean .

Naturist beaches can be found here whilst conditions are ideal for snorkelling , diving and deep sea fishing , and indeed the world windsurfing championships are held here annually .
naturist beaches can be found here [while] conditions are ideal for snorkelling , diving and deep sea fishing , and indeed the world windsurfing championships are held here annually .

The ‘ Café Maure ’ services traditional refreshments and Tunisian sweets and dates to cross-legged customers , whilst the shady terrace festooned with plants and colourful flowers is the perfect setting for a cool drink .
the ‘ café maure ’ services traditional refreshments and tunisian sweets and dates to cross-legged customers , [while] the shady terrace festooned with plants and colourful flowers is the perfect setting for a cool drink .

Small pretty fishing villages of terracotta rooftops and cobbled streets mingled with modern resorts , whilst the unspoilt interior contains graceful forests , golden cornfields , rich vineyards and dramatic mountain peaks reflected in deep , clear lakes .
small pretty fishing villages of terracotta rooftops and cobbled streets mingled with modern resorts , [while] the unspoilt interior contains graceful forests , golden cornfields , rich vineyards and dramatic mountain peaks reflected in deep , clear lakes .

Whilst we reserve the right to increase or decrease brochure prices at any time , the price of your holiday as shown on your Holiday Details Form and will not be increased unless you amend your booking after it is issued .
[while] we reserve the right to increase or decrease brochure prices at any time , the price of your holiday as shown on your holiday details form and will not be increased unless you amend your booking after it is issued .

If any client suffers personal injury , including illness or death whilst overseas arising out of an activity which does not form part of the inclusive holiday arrangements or excursions as described above and which is the responsibility of a third party , we will give you help in your resolving of any claim you may have against that third party .
if any client suffers personal injury , including illness or death [while] overseas arising out of an activity which does not form part of the inclusive holiday arrangements or excursions as described above and which is the responsibility of a third party , we will give you help in your resolving of any claim you may have against that third party .

One will see you off at your departure airport , whilst another will be on hand to meet you on your arrival abroad .
one will see you off at your departure airport , [while] another will be on hand to meet you on your arrival abroad .

The extensive buffet breakfast is taken in the chalet , whilst nearby evening meals can be purchased in the wood panelled restaurant ‘ Alte Post ’ .
the extensive buffet breakfast is taken in the chalet , [while] nearby evening meals can be purchased in the wood panelled restaurant ‘ alte post ’ .

There is a lively bar which extends outside under a portico , and where there is music 3 times a week , whilst the rooftop sun terrace is an ideal place to relax .
there is a lively bar which extends outside under a portico , and where there is music 3 times a week , [while] the rooftop sun terrace is an ideal place to relax .

Lakeside views from most rooms are available , whilst others overlook the bustling resort .
lakeside views from most rooms are available , [while] others overlook the bustling resort .

The decor in the bedrooms has been tastefully designed in cool pastel shades , whilst the beautiful furniture varies from light ash and mahogany to dark oak .
the decor in the bedrooms has been tastefully designed in cool pastel shades , [while] the beautiful furniture varies from light ash and mahogany to dark oak .

Breakfast is continental , whilst dinner is three courses from a set menu .
breakfast is continental , [while] dinner is three courses from a set menu .

Facilities in the centre are paid for locally , and include tennis , hot whirlpool , a Finnish sauna , a Turkish steam bath , cold water pool , fitness room , coin-operated solarium and a bar for people to use whilst in their swimwear .
facilities in the centre are paid for locally , and include tennis , hot whirlpool , a finnish sauna , a turkish steam bath , cold water pool , fitness room , coin-operated solarium and a bar for people to use [while] in their swimwear .

The four-to-eleven year olds learn through play the safe and correct way to behave in the mountains ; whilst eleven to fifteen year olds are taken on short excursions .
the four-to-eleven year olds learn through play the safe and correct way to behave in the mountains ; [while] eleven to fifteen year olds are taken on short excursions .

The old building is full of traditional charm , whilst the new building offers spotlessly clean and homely accommodation .
the old building is full of traditional charm , [while] the new building offers spotlessly clean and homely accommodation .

Ellmau has indoor and outdoor pools ; whilst in Going there is a lake ( Badesee ) .
ellmau has indoor and outdoor pools ; [while] in going there is a lake ( badesee ) .

Here guests are offered a breakfast buffet whilst the three-course dinner , with a choice of main course , is served in the Hotel Tyrol which is under the same management and stands immediately opposite .
here guests are offered a breakfast buffet [while] the three-course dinner , with a choice of main course , is served in the hotel tyrol which is under the same management and stands immediately opposite .

Do not forget to take a full driving licence if you intend to drive whilst abroad .
do not forget to take a full driving licence if you intend to drive [while] abroad .

Clients booked on coach and air combination holidays will be given details of their return journey whilst in their resort .
clients booked on coach and air combination holidays will be given details of their return journey [while] in their resort .

Whilst our Holiday Guarantee can not eliminate delays we hope it will help you cope with the inconvenience caused .
[while] our holiday guarantee can not eliminate delays we hope it will help you cope with the inconvenience caused .

So , if you 're looking for a hotel with great amenities , and a good atmosphere whilst still being only 15 minutes walk from the long , sandy beach and Lloret 's rocking nightlife , then look no further for Summer ‘ 90 !
so , if you 're looking for a hotel with great amenities , and a good atmosphere [while] still being only 15 minutes walk from the long , sandy beach and lloret 's rocking nightlife , then look no further for summer ‘ 90 !

Whilst we and other members of the travel industry are campaigning to have any such charges waived for holidaymakers , it is possible that they will be in force when you travel .
[while] we and other members of the travel industry are campaigning to have any such charges waived for holidaymakers , it is possible that they will be in force when you travel .

Yes , whilst the arrangements for holidays in this brochure are made many months in advance , changes may unfortunately be necessary .
yes , [while] the arrangements for holidays in this brochure are made many months in advance , changes may unfortunately be necessary .

The life-style of the wealthier peasants , whilst not luxurious , was not squalid by medieval standards and this is reflected in the substantial nature of their buildings .
the life-style of the wealthier peasants , [while] not luxurious , was not squalid by medieval standards and this is reflected in the substantial nature of their buildings .

The significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . The qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :
the significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships [while] ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . the qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :

We are constantly searching for ways to better the nutritional quality of our menu , whilst retaining the characteristic taste and flavour of our food .
we are constantly searching for ways to better the nutritional quality of our menu , [while] retaining the characteristic taste and flavour of our food .

Whilst not every child has the aptitude for sport , with such a large choice of activities in the country , there 's bound to be something which each child can enjoy .
[while] not every child has the aptitude for sport , with such a large choice of activities in the country , there 's bound to be something which each child can enjoy .

Of these about 40 lived in hutted accommodation adjacent to the works , whilst the remainder lived in lodgings in the surrounding villages .
of these about 40 lived in hutted accommodation adjacent to the works , [while] the remainder lived in lodgings in the surrounding villages .

The injuring of the finger occurred in November 1898 and is worthy of mention because the man received a 5 guinea gratuity from the Company , whilst the doctor and the solicitor who represented him received 2 guineas and 1 guinea respectively.7 ;
the injuring of the finger occurred in november 1898 and is worthy of mention because the man received a 5 guinea gratuity from the company , [while] the doctor and the solicitor who represented him received 2 guineas and 1 guinea respectively.7 ;

When this happened the traffic was held up for three of four days whilst the track was repaired .
when this happened the traffic was held up for three of four days [while] the track was repaired .

For economy of space occupied by the site of the lift the two inclined ways would generally be side by side and although at the same inclination and extending between the same levels they would not be in the same plane but echeloned so that the one extends , so to speak , from the right side of the head bay to the right side of the tail bay whilst the other extends from the left side of the head bay to the left side of the tail bay .
for economy of space occupied by the site of the lift the two inclined ways would generally be side by side and although at the same inclination and extending between the same levels they would not be in the same plane but echeloned so that the one extends , so to speak , from the right side of the head bay to the right side of the tail bay [while] the other extends from the left side of the head bay to the left side of the tail bay .

In fact a Mr Boothby said he knew of 10 prospective members whilst Mr Caldecott said he knew another man who could introduce 25 members !
in fact a mr boothby said he knew of 10 prospective members [while] mr caldecott said he knew another man who could introduce 25 members !

Over the years the Ladies ' Minutes , whilst complete , give no more than a glimpse of the main Club 's activity , but it can be deduced that clubhouse alterations were made in 1914 and again in 1920 at which period the course was also altered .
over the years the ladies ' minutes , [while] complete , give no more than a glimpse of the main club 's activity , but it can be deduced that clubhouse alterations were made in 1914 and again in 1920 at which period the course was also altered .

Easter that year must have been one of the mixed joy and sadness when many old members returned after the War whilst others did not .
easter that year must have been one of the mixed joy and sadness when many old members returned after the war [while] others did not .

By now finances were brightening and whilst still running at a loss , this was entirely because of spending on improvements .
by now finances were brightening and [while] still running at a loss , this was entirely because of spending on improvements .

Peter is also on Henley 's greenkeeping staff whilst his son Brian , is Head Greenkeeper at Buckingham Golf Club .
peter is also on henley 's greenkeeping staff [while] his son brian , is head greenkeeper at buckingham golf club .

Whilst fundamentally of no consequence , in that all Committee members were motivated by the Club 's well being , it was now a somewhat discordant situation in a period desirous of change .
[while] fundamentally of no consequence , in that all committee members were motivated by the club 's well being , it was now a somewhat discordant situation in a period desirous of change .

The talent he has encouraged and given much time and effort to , includes the 1986 Club Champion , 20-year-old Simon Barrington who was twice Junior Champion ; Michael Orris , the Joint Course record holder and County Alliance player ; Guy Phillips , still 17 , the Junior Champion and Captain ( handicap 5 ) and who whilst competing in the Daily Express Ford qualifying round at Royal Mid-Surrey in 1986 played to level par and went on to play in the finals in Spain ) ; Henry Bareham , also handicap 5 , who played for English Schools and Graham Booth , the Thames Valley League Junior Champion .
the talent he has encouraged and given much time and effort to , includes the 1986 club champion , 20-year-old simon barrington who was twice junior champion ; michael orris , the joint course record holder and county alliance player ; guy phillips , still 17 , the junior champion and captain ( handicap 5 ) and who [while] competing in the daily express ford qualifying round at royal mid-surrey in 1986 played to level par and went on to play in the finals in spain ) ; henry bareham , also handicap 5 , who played for english schools and graham booth , the thames valley league junior champion .

Whilst writing this throughout 1986 , it was clear that the Club had found a new style and confidence , although , just as in 1907 ( and on occasions since ) , the new furnishing is not universally popular .
[while] writing this throughout 1986 , it was clear that the club had found a new style and confidence , although , just as in 1907 ( and on occasions since ) , the new furnishing is not universally popular .

This history of the Club 's competitions and trophies is rather fluid and imprecise , and the following list is the best that can be arrived at . Some competitions have been and gone , others altered , some dropped and re-instated , whilst yet others have become inter-linked with other competitions , some with superb prizes but no trophies !
this history of the club 's competitions and trophies is rather fluid and imprecise , and the following list is the best that can be arrived at . some competitions have been and gone , others altered , some dropped and re-instated , [while] yet others have become inter-linked with other competitions , some with superb prizes but no trophies !

Sexual selection depends on the success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ; whilst natural selection depends on the success of both sexes , at all ages , in relation to the general conditions of life .
sexual selection depends on the success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ; [while] natural selection depends on the success of both sexes , at all ages , in relation to the general conditions of life .

The sexual struggle is of two kinds ; in the one it is between individuals of the same sex , generally the male sex , in order to drive away or kill their rivals , the females remain passive ; whilst in the other the struggle is likewise between the individuals of the same sex , in order to excite or charm those of the opposite sex , generally the females , which no longer remain passive , but select more agreeable partners .
the sexual struggle is of two kinds ; in the one it is between individuals of the same sex , generally the male sex , in order to drive away or kill their rivals , the females remain passive ; [while] in the other the struggle is likewise between the individuals of the same sex , in order to excite or charm those of the opposite sex , generally the females , which no longer remain passive , but select more agreeable partners .

Continually there is value in the teacher telling the story whilst the class are doing it ; everybody works at one and the same time , discovering for themselves how to do each thing .
continually there is value in the teacher telling the story [while] the class are doing it ; everybody works at one and the same time , discovering for themselves how to do each thing .

We will work to strengthen the external frontiers of the Community whilst maintaining the checks needed at our own borders against illegal immigration , drugs , terrorism and disease .
we will work to strengthen the external frontiers of the community [while] maintaining the checks needed at our own borders against illegal immigration , drugs , terrorism and disease .

We are not claiming either that He has somehow implanted in us a sixth sense that gives us certainty He exists whilst our other five senses provide no such assurance .
we are not claiming either that he has somehow implanted in us a sixth sense that gives us certainty he exists [while] our other five senses provide no such assurance .

Each side condemned the other as ‘ atheist ’ , whilst firmly claiming to believe in a god or gods .
each side condemned the other as ‘ atheist ’ , [while] firmly claiming to believe in a god or gods .

Some forms of Buddhism appear to deny belief in the existence of any god , whilst Hinduism is often associated with belief in several gods ( polytheism ) .
some forms of buddhism appear to deny belief in the existence of any god , [while] hinduism is often associated with belief in several gods ( polytheism ) .

The second supposed difference between the Near Eastern and the Indian religious traditions was that the former believe that God is separate from the world , whilst the latter make God or the gods a part of the world 's spiritual furniture .
the second supposed difference between the near eastern and the indian religious traditions was that the former believe that god is separate from the world , [while] the latter make god or the gods a part of the world 's spiritual furniture .

All these traditions attempt to represent the way in which God both permeates and undergirds the universe on the one hand , whilst transcending it on the other .
all these traditions attempt to represent the way in which god both permeates and undergirds the universe on the one hand , [while] transcending it on the other .

Whilst religious traditions may prefer the theme of light as more poetic , their theologians find more prosaic ways to represent the divine presence .
[while] religious traditions may prefer the theme of light as more poetic , their theologians find more prosaic ways to represent the divine presence .

But it may be , as this discussion suggests , that whilst the confusion Ayer points to is a real one , the meaning of the word ‘ existence ’ is genuinely complex .
but it may be , as this discussion suggests , that [while] the confusion ayer points to is a real one , the meaning of the word ‘ existence ’ is genuinely complex .

Whilst both sets of traditions talk in personal terms of God , it seems that the Near Eastern religions , perhaps because of a stronger sense of historical progress , have developed further the idea of God as an historical agent — someone who has revealed His hand by associating with particular events and claiming them as His own .
[while] both sets of traditions talk in personal terms of god , it seems that the near eastern religions , perhaps because of a stronger sense of historical progress , have developed further the idea of god as an historical agent — someone who has revealed his hand by associating with particular events and claiming them as his own .

Whilst not retracting anything that has been said about the inappropriateness of either a corporeal God or a God who is a person , it has to be said that interpreting certain historical events as the actions of God is the primary way in which a number of religions understand the divine nature .
[while] not retracting anything that has been said about the inappropriateness of either a corporeal god or a god who is a person , it has to be said that interpreting certain historical events as the actions of god is the primary way in which a number of religions understand the divine nature .

Whilst contents insurance is n't compulsory it is strongly advisable .
[while] contents insurance is n't compulsory it is strongly advisable .

The Group remains fully committed to the provision of mortgage finance to individuals whilst providing associated services and products from subsidiary companies .
the group remains fully committed to the provision of mortgage finance to individuals [while] providing associated services and products from subsidiary companies .

occurring whilst the Buildings are undergoing demolition structural alterations or structural repairs
occurring [while] the buildings are undergoing demolition structural alterations or structural repairs

If you have chosen Contents cover , your Contents are now covered against accidental loss or damage whilst in transit between your present and new private dwellings .
if you have chosen contents cover , your contents are now covered against accidental loss or damage [while] in transit between your present and new private dwellings .

damage occurring whilst the Buildings or any part of them are let or lent ;
damage occurring [while] the buildings or any part of them are let or lent ;

Legal & General will cover your Contents against accidental loss or damage whilst in transit between your Home and your new permanent residence within Great Britain , Northern Ireland , Isle of Man or the Channel Islands by professional removal contractors including temporary storage of up to three days , except for :
legal & general will cover your contents against accidental loss or damage [while] in transit between your home and your new permanent residence within great britain , northern ireland , isle of man or the channel islands by professional removal contractors including temporary storage of up to three days , except for :

Double Benefits of £80 each for husband and wife when hospitalised at the same time for any reason , whilst both insured under the same policy .
double benefits of £80 each for husband and wife when hospitalised at the same time for any reason , [while] both insured under the same policy .

Double Benefits for you and your Spouse — £160 each per day for a period of up to a year — in the event of you both being hospitalised at the same time because of an accident , whilst both insured under the same policy .
double benefits for you and your spouse — £160 each per day for a period of up to a year — in the event of you both being hospitalised at the same time because of an accident , [while] both insured under the same policy .

Its main focus is on helping people find solutions to current work problems , but in such a way that they learn whilst doing this .
its main focus is on helping people find solutions to current work problems , but in such a way that they learn [while] doing this .

Other may sit there stubbornly waiting for you to tell them what they are meant to do whilst making it abundantly clear that the session is hardly welcome , indeed is being conducted almost under duress .
other may sit there stubbornly waiting for you to tell them what they are meant to do [while] making it abundantly clear that the session is hardly welcome , indeed is being conducted almost under duress .

In addition , environmental daytime temperatures would be higher , and heat loss from our body would be more difficult , whilst heat gain from the sun would be greater .
in addition , environmental daytime temperatures would be higher , and heat loss from our body would be more difficult , [while] heat gain from the sun would be greater .

Whilst we stress the artificial nature of most time-cues , it would be misleading to suggest that natural light is without effect .
[while] we stress the artificial nature of most time-cues , it would be misleading to suggest that natural light is without effect .

Also , a large meal , particularly with coffee or tea , might keep you awake whilst it is being digested ( though some people find that it is easy to fall asleep after a meal ) .
also , a large meal , particularly with coffee or tea , might keep you awake [while] it is being digested ( though some people find that it is easy to fall asleep after a meal ) .

Our aircraft leads the way whilst the second weaves to left and right to cover our tail .
our aircraft leads the way [while] the second weaves to left and right to cover our tail .

It was Major Herriott 's turn to get out of the office , having held the fort whilst his leader had been away .
it was major herriott 's turn to get out of the office , having held the fort [while] his leader had been away .

Whilst the enemy had probed the positions the Jocks held , it had managed also to break through once more to the north .
[while] the enemy had probed the positions the jocks held , it had managed also to break through once more to the north .

The Second-in-Command organised the company into the final order of march whilst the other commanders carried out final checks .
the second-in-command organised the company into the final order of march [while] the other commanders carried out final checks .

Whilst the signaller busied himself with decoding the latest message from on high , the Troop Commander 's mind raced back over a fairly hectic three weeks , Which had taken the troop from Hameln ( of Pied Piper fame ) , the regiment 's home base on the River Weser , eastwards to the River Leine and north the River Aller , before swinging north-west to the mouth of the Weser in the Bremerhaven area .
[while] the signaller busied himself with decoding the latest message from on high , the troop commander 's mind raced back over a fairly hectic three weeks , which had taken the troop from hameln ( of pied piper fame ) , the regiment 's home base on the river weser , eastwards to the river leine and north the river aller , before swinging north-west to the mouth of the weser in the bremerhaven area .

On patrol in Northern Ireland . Whilst one man moves the other covers him
on patrol in northern ireland . [while] one man moves the other covers him

The long metal tubes , detonators , detonating cord and homemade explosives are laid out on the ground , whilst the Police and the host of other interested parties take photographs .
the long metal tubes , detonators , detonating cord and homemade explosives are laid out on the ground , [while] the police and the host of other interested parties take photographs .

Upon return to their base the Captain disappears to the Ops Room to brief them about the incident , whilst his team once again prepare the equipment .
upon return to their base the captain disappears to the ops room to brief them about the incident , [while] his team once again prepare the equipment .

( In their 1988 survey , Mintel noted that ‘ the proportion of consumer expenditure represented by alcohol consumption has fallen steadily , whilst at the same time that spent on leisure as a whole has increased ’ ( Hunt , p42 ) . )
( in their 1988 survey , mintel noted that ‘ the proportion of consumer expenditure represented by alcohol consumption has fallen steadily , [while] at the same time that spent on leisure as a whole has increased ’ ( hunt , p42 ) . )

Whilst the age of the theme pub may be over , more and more old pubs are being transformed into identical , pseudo-historical clones .
[while] the age of the theme pub may be over , more and more old pubs are being transformed into identical , pseudo-historical clones .

‘ Shop-taverns ’ , serving the passing trade as well as the locals , had become common in many towns , whilst many pubs had been partitioned into two distinct areas — the bar room and the tap room .
‘ shop-taverns ’ , serving the passing trade as well as the locals , had become common in many towns , [while] many pubs had been partitioned into two distinct areas — the bar room and the tap room .

Due to lack of governmental or any other official support this unique and valuable organisation has had to suspend its training activities temporarily , whilst trying to secure for itself a sound and permanent financial basis for the future .
due to lack of governmental or any other official support this unique and valuable organisation has had to suspend its training activities temporarily , [while] trying to secure for itself a sound and permanent financial basis for the future .

But whilst this muddy vesture of decay
but [while] this muddy vesture of decay

In the Critique of Pure Reason , Kant 's aim was to show how objective experience is possible , to set out the conditions necessary for this ; whilst Piaget 's aim was to show , given certain Kantian assumptions , how objective experience actually develops .
in the critique of pure reason , kant 's aim was to show how objective experience is possible , to set out the conditions necessary for this ; [while] piaget 's aim was to show , given certain kantian assumptions , how objective experience actually develops .

Whilst owing his debt to Lorca , it has to be said that this volume is markedly conservative .
[while] owing his debt to lorca , it has to be said that this volume is markedly conservative .

Then immediately back-pedal as quickly as you can whilst throwing punches .
then immediately back-pedal as quickly as you can [while] throwing punches .

Stop a front kick by barring down with your leading guard whilst reverse-punching to the opponent 's chest
stop a front kick by barring down with your leading guard [while] reverse-punching to the opponent 's chest

First aid for a bleeding nose is to pinch the nostrils closed whilst tilting the head back
first aid for a bleeding nose is to pinch the nostrils closed [while] tilting the head back

Nigel Sears will be taking up the role as permanent coach to the Cellnet Challenger Squad , whilst John Paish will be working with the Achiever Squad .
nigel sears will be taking up the role as permanent coach to the cellnet challenger squad , [while] john paish will be working with the achiever squad .

The Head Nodal technology reduces shock to the arm helping to prevent injury , whilst the double power wedge strengthens the tip of the racquet , increasing power without losing control .
the head nodal technology reduces shock to the arm helping to prevent injury , [while] the double power wedge strengthens the tip of the racquet , increasing power without losing control .

It supports and stabilizes the foot preventing rollover , whilst absorbing shock from impact .
it supports and stabilizes the foot preventing rollover , [while] absorbing shock from impact .

The full grain leather upper moulds to the foot for a good fit , whilst resisting wear and tear .
the full grain leather upper moulds to the foot for a good fit , [while] resisting wear and tear .

Michael , the second of three tennis playing brothers , took the 21 and under title with a powerful 6–3 6–3 victory over Graham Hobbs ( Dorset ) : whilst younger brother Craig , fought back from one set down against James Lake ( Lincs ) to win the 12 and under title 4–6 6–2 6–1 .
michael , the second of three tennis playing brothers , took the 21 and under title with a powerful 6–3 6–3 victory over graham hobbs ( dorset ) : [while] younger brother craig , fought back from one set down against james lake ( lincs ) to win the 12 and under title 4–6 6–2 6–1 .

The 16's final was an all Derby affair , in which Tina Crosen defeated Helen Frankland 6–2 6–3 , whilst the 21 and under title went to Lizzie Jelfs ( Oxon ) who outfought one of our top student players , Maggie Loughton ( Yorks ) 7–6 4–6 7–5 with an excellent performance .
the 16's final was an all derby affair , in which tina crosen defeated helen frankland 6–2 6–3 , [while] the 21 and under title went to lizzie jelfs ( oxon ) who outfought one of our top student players , maggie loughton ( yorks ) 7–6 4–6 7–5 with an excellent performance .

Whilst a prospective burglar might fumbling with the clock and wondering why it wo n't lift , his movement will have activated the pressure pad which controls an audible alarm giving out 85dbs .
[while] a prospective burglar might fumbling with the clock and wondering why it wo n't lift , his movement will have activated the pressure pad which controls an audible alarm giving out 85dbs .

The baroque carvers in Germany and France made extensive use of this type of gouge in the drapery of their ecclesiastical figures , enabling them to make difficult pipes and folds against the grain , whilst keeping a smooth flow .
the baroque carvers in germany and france made extensive use of this type of gouge in the drapery of their ecclesiastical figures , enabling them to make difficult pipes and folds against the grain , [while] keeping a smooth flow .

Madame imagined that while she was doing this to Boy she would tell him everything she knew , she would talk to him quietly each night whilst brushing his hair before bedtime .
madame imagined that while she was doing this to boy she would tell him everything she knew , she would talk to him quietly each night [while] brushing his hair before bedtime .

But the two lifestyles were incompatible ; the herdsman followed — and later drove — his animals from grazing to grazing and became a nomad , whilst the gatherer settled down to till the soil and defend his crops from predators .
but the two lifestyles were incompatible ; the herdsman followed — and later drove — his animals from grazing to grazing and became a nomad , [while] the gatherer settled down to till the soil and defend his crops from predators .

To a lesser degree they still exist nearer home ; in the Alps herdsmen take their cattle to the ‘ Alm ’ meadows where they tend them during the summer , and in Scotland and Wales the hill sheep spend half the year on the mountain commons whilst the lower , enclosed land grows winter keep .
to a lesser degree they still exist nearer home ; in the alps herdsmen take their cattle to the ‘ alm ’ meadows where they tend them during the summer , and in scotland and wales the hill sheep spend half the year on the mountain commons [while] the lower , enclosed land grows winter keep .

By and large , however , the best arable crops are grown in the South and East whilst the North and West are devoted to livestock rearing .
by and large , however , the best arable crops are grown in the south and east [while] the north and west are devoted to livestock rearing .

As well as cereals , root crops — particularly potatoes and sugar beet — are widely grown on the best arable land , whilst in areas nearer the big cities , vegetables are most profitable , particularly on well-drained sandy loams .
as well as cereals , root crops — particularly potatoes and sugar beet — are widely grown on the best arable land , [while] in areas nearer the big cities , vegetables are most profitable , particularly on well-drained sandy loams .

Possibly the most trouble-free and profitable course in the first year is to grass-let part of the farm , on your own terms , thereby keeping the farm in work whilst leaving you free to get on with your development plans .
possibly the most trouble-free and profitable course in the first year is to grass-let part of the farm , on your own terms , thereby keeping the farm in work [while] leaving you free to get on with your development plans .

Whilst crop rotations are being established and fertility built up , it will probably be necessary to buy in some feeding-stuffs .
[while] crop rotations are being established and fertility built up , it will probably be necessary to buy in some feeding-stuffs .

If we discount the unscrupulous operator who is prepared to ‘ mine ’ his land for a quick profit , we are considering a responsible husbandman who aims to make a cash living whilst conserving and improving his capital , the soil .
if we discount the unscrupulous operator who is prepared to ‘ mine ’ his land for a quick profit , we are considering a responsible husbandman who aims to make a cash living [while] conserving and improving his capital , the soil .

This is guaranteed by a good crumb structure with fine pores holding water like sponges , whilst allowing air and surplus water to move freely between the crumbs .
this is guaranteed by a good crumb structure with fine pores holding water like sponges , [while] allowing air and surplus water to move freely between the crumbs .

They are normally sown ‘ on the ridge ’ as soon as the ground is ready in early May , and hoed and singled at the two-to three-leaf stage whilst it is still easy to separate the entwined stems which grow from the multiple seeds .
they are normally sown ‘ on the ridge ’ as soon as the ground is ready in early may , and hoed and singled at the two-to three-leaf stage [while] it is still easy to separate the entwined stems which grow from the multiple seeds .

In a good year you may have done unnecessary work ; in a bad one the harvest could be safe whilst others are still struggling with their expensive machinery .
in a good year you may have done unnecessary work ; in a bad one the harvest could be safe [while] others are still struggling with their expensive machinery .

New wards and accommodation blocks , laboratories and car-parks have all but masked the original building , whilst within it spacious airy wards , huge staircase halls and corridors have been extensively partitioned and bear no resemblance to their original plan .
new wards and accommodation blocks , laboratories and car-parks have all but masked the original building , [while] within it spacious airy wards , huge staircase halls and corridors have been extensively partitioned and bear no resemblance to their original plan .

There was a gap between the Jan/Feb issue and the one before that [ November '90 ] whilst publishing was sorted out , but so what ?
there was a gap between the jan/feb issue and the one before that [ november '90 ] [while] publishing was sorted out , but so what ?

When Danny returned from the States Sean was well into ultra stalled hand plants assisted by 2 or 3 platform spectators so in a doubles act with Mark Abrook , Danny had to go one better by actually making a hand plant on Mark 's back whilst Mark was doing a backside grind .
when danny returned from the states sean was well into ultra stalled hand plants assisted by 2 or 3 platform spectators so in a doubles act with mark abrook , danny had to go one better by actually making a hand plant on mark 's back [while] mark was doing a backside grind .

Yet , whilst the Burmese retain a grudging respect for the British , they exact a characteristic vengeance upon the sanctified edifice of their former masters .
yet , [while] the burmese retain a grudging respect for the british , they exact a characteristic vengeance upon the sanctified edifice of their former masters .

Pleydell and his small group of medical orderlies carried out a number of quite complicated operations whilst crouching under bushes and being machine-gunned from the air .
pleydell and his small group of medical orderlies carried out a number of quite complicated operations [while] crouching under bushes and being machine-gunned from the air .

Within heritage , culture , history , etc , it seems to me that whilst women of a patriarchal society have no separate ‘ grand narratives ’ , people of an imperialised culture often do have knowledge of an era before imperialism .
within heritage , culture , history , etc , it seems to me that [while] women of a patriarchal society have no separate ‘ grand narratives ’ , people of an imperialised culture often do have knowledge of an era before imperialism .

The social workers and foster mothers who have worked with children abused in this way also have much to tell us , as Bea Campbell 's recent Channel 4 film demonstrated : not least that they too lived in fear whilst trying to discover what had happened to the children they were working with .
the social workers and foster mothers who have worked with children abused in this way also have much to tell us , as bea campbell 's recent channel 4 film demonstrated : not least that they too lived in fear [while] trying to discover what had happened to the children they were working with .

Sometime in the future you may wish to let your home whilst you are away for six months or more .
sometime in the future you may wish to let your home [while] you are away for six months or more .

The main streets offer dignified Georgian facades whilst the narrow lanes behind abound with charming old cottages .
the main streets offer dignified georgian facades [while] the narrow lanes behind abound with charming old cottages .

The Central Statistical Office said the figures showed ‘ the underlying level of non-oil import volume may now be flat whilst non-oil export growth still seems to be rising strongly ’ .
the central statistical office said the figures showed ‘ the underlying level of non-oil import volume may now be flat [while] non-oil export growth still seems to be rising strongly ’ .

The contrasting fortunes of share prices and sterling were illustrated by the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index closing within a whisker of its best for the year whilst sterling could manage only a marginal improvement from Thursday 's all-time low against the German mark .
the contrasting fortunes of share prices and sterling were illustrated by the financial times stock exchange 100 share index closing within a whisker of its best for the year [while] sterling could manage only a marginal improvement from thursday 's all-time low against the german mark .

Imports of passenger cars over the three months rose only two per cent by volume , whilst imports of capital goods were down six per cent .
imports of passenger cars over the three months rose only two per cent by volume , [while] imports of capital goods were down six per cent .

We accept that the statement that he was ‘ beaten to death ’ whilst in police custody was incorrect and went beyond the original inquest verdict of manslaughter .
we accept that the statement that he was ‘ beaten to death ’ [while] in police custody was incorrect and went beyond the original inquest verdict of manslaughter .

Lack of takes may induce him to wander and do a complete tour of the lake whilst his rods are still ‘ fishing ’ .
lack of takes may induce him to wander and do a complete tour of the lake [while] his rods are still ‘ fishing ’ .

Another potentially distorting factor is that whilst average incomes can be compared between one country and another , they do not of themselves reveal the true comparable standard of living , nor the comparable potential markets for all products .
another potentially distorting factor is that [while] average incomes can be compared between one country and another , they do not of themselves reveal the true comparable standard of living , nor the comparable potential markets for all products .

The result of this relatively narrow income distribution is that a company can be truly multinational , doing business with a spread of nations with high levels of income , whilst confining its activities to a very small number of countries .
the result of this relatively narrow income distribution is that a company can be truly multinational , doing business with a spread of nations with high levels of income , [while] confining its activities to a very small number of countries .

Therefore Carol 's daughter is not Julie , whilst Donna was taken to see Mary Poppins , so it must have been Linda who went with Carol to see Jungle Book .
therefore carol 's daughter is not julie , [while] donna was taken to see mary poppins , so it must have been linda who went with carol to see jungle book .

We know that David 's mother is neither Carol nor Ann , who bought the popcorn , nor is she Jean , whilst Meg is Simon 's mother , so David 's mother must be Helen , and they therefore saw Mickey Mouse .
we know that david 's mother is neither carol nor ann , who bought the popcorn , nor is she jean , [while] meg is simon 's mother , so david 's mother must be helen , and they therefore saw mickey mouse .

Whereas the peasants continued to be edified through oral accounts of the lives of the Saints and of holy pilgrims , and occasionally learnt to read the alphabet through the Psalter , the upper classes had paid lip-service to the state religion whilst immersing themselves in rationalist Western thought .
whereas the peasants continued to be edified through oral accounts of the lives of the saints and of holy pilgrims , and occasionally learnt to read the alphabet through the psalter , the upper classes had paid lip-service to the state religion [while] immersing themselves in rationalist western thought .

By 1922 only 232 households owned a plough , whilst 278 lacked even a primitive wooden plough with which to turn over their new earth , if indeed they possessed any .
by 1922 only 232 households owned a plough , [while] 278 lacked even a primitive wooden plough with which to turn over their new earth , if indeed they possessed any .

Every twenty Roslavl ' inhabitants had also to contribute to the support of one hungry child in the distant south-east , whilst every five peasant households had to help one hungry adult .
every twenty roslavl ' inhabitants had also to contribute to the support of one hungry child in the distant south-east , [while] every five peasant households had to help one hungry adult .

Papers under the control of the gubispolkomy should be curtailed drastically , whilst central organs directed at mass party propaganda would expand quickly in numbers and influence .
papers under the control of the gubispolkomy should be curtailed drastically , [while] central organs directed at mass party propaganda would expand quickly in numbers and influence .

Some of the materials in this area seemed to have the purpose of padding out the exhibition , whilst at the same time fulfilling the traditional function of consolidating the achievements of the founding group whose significance it was the purpose of the exhibition to celebrate .
some of the materials in this area seemed to have the purpose of padding out the exhibition , [while] at the same time fulfilling the traditional function of consolidating the achievements of the founding group whose significance it was the purpose of the exhibition to celebrate .

One of the attractions for Levin is the persistency with which Debord , like the Dadaists before him , continued to explore the medium , whilst contributing to its eventual destruction .
one of the attractions for levin is the persistency with which debord , like the dadaists before him , continued to explore the medium , [while] contributing to its eventual destruction .

Although it had been a rest home for British Telecom , alterations were necessary to provide the ten individual bed sitting rooms and the Housekeepers flat , whilst at the same time some safety improvements were needed to meet the Fire Officer 's regulations .
although it had been a rest home for british telecom , alterations were necessary to provide the ten individual bed sitting rooms and the housekeepers flat , [while] at the same time some safety improvements were needed to meet the fire officer 's regulations .

Free newspaper groups in particular welcomed the opportunity to provide their readers with interesting features about both the Battle of Britain and the work of the Association , whilst at the same time encouraging their regular advertisers to support the Appeal by purchasing space on the feature .
free newspaper groups in particular welcomed the opportunity to provide their readers with interesting features about both the battle of britain and the work of the association , [while] at the same time encouraging their regular advertisers to support the appeal by purchasing space on the feature .

Yet in Victorian Britain the alliance of wealth and birth formed in the public schools infused sport with a new idealism whilst simultaneously segregating the élite from members of the lower classes taking the same form of exercise .
yet in victorian britain the alliance of wealth and birth formed in the public schools infused sport with a new idealism [while] simultaneously segregating the élite from members of the lower classes taking the same form of exercise .

footballers were hedged around by restrictions on personal mobility and income whilst the residence qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football transfer system .
footballers were hedged around by restrictions on personal mobility and income [while] the residence qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football transfer system .

The Celtic brake clubs would sing ‘ The Soldier 's Song ’ , ‘ Keep the Green Flag Flying ’ , and ‘ God Save Ireland ’ whilst chalking slogans like ‘ Rebels 2 , Black and Tans 0 ’ on the sides of their carriages and vans .
the celtic brake clubs would sing ‘ the soldier 's song ’ , ‘ keep the green flag flying ’ , and ‘ god save ireland ’ [while] chalking slogans like ‘ rebels 2 , black and tans 0 ’ on the sides of their carriages and vans .

Second , the combined forces of civilized distaste gradually had an effect on the working-class élite whilst the actual times and spaces for the old sports both in town and country were ever more restricted .
second , the combined forces of civilized distaste gradually had an effect on the working-class élite [while] the actual times and spaces for the old sports both in town and country were ever more restricted .

The late Victorian and Edwardian period offered low taxes , cheap servant labour , and reasonable returns of capital whilst the retail price index fell by around 10 per cent between the wars .
the late victorian and edwardian period offered low taxes , cheap servant labour , and reasonable returns of capital [while] the retail price index fell by around 10 per cent between the wars .

Whilst paying lip service to the sporting values of the public schools , suburban man was busy with less physically and morally taxing forms of exercise .
[while] paying lip service to the sporting values of the public schools , suburban man was busy with less physically and morally taxing forms of exercise .

So , whilst in the foregoing passage repressed homosexuality is construed as a cause of a violent and neurotic racism , elsewhere Fanon regards manifest homosexuality as an effect of the same neurotic racism , though now in a masochistic rather than a sadistic form , and especially the masochistic relation of the white man to the black man : ‘ There are , for instance , men who go to ‘ houses ' ’ in order to be beaten by negroes ; passive homosexuals who insist on black partners ' ( pp .
so , [while] in the foregoing passage repressed homosexuality is construed as a cause of a violent and neurotic racism , elsewhere fanon regards manifest homosexuality as an effect of the same neurotic racism , though now in a masochistic rather than a sadistic form , and especially the masochistic relation of the white man to the black man : ‘ there are , for instance , men who go to ‘ houses ' ’ in order to be beaten by negroes ; passive homosexuals who insist on black partners ' ( pp .

There is some corroboration for our conclusion in previous research , however : at the 1983 election Gunter , Svennevig and Wober ( 1986 , p. 119 ) found that ‘ whilst television clearly emerged from among various sources of information about politics as the major source , it seemed to be relatively less important in the decision-making process of which way to vote ’ .
there is some corroboration for our conclusion in previous research , however : at the 1983 election gunter , svennevig and wober ( 1986 , p. 119 ) found that ‘ [while] television clearly emerged from among various sources of information about politics as the major source , it seemed to be relatively less important in the decision-making process of which way to vote ’ .

Born in 1927 , Denis Serjeant qualified as an architect the hard way , by taking external examinations whilst articled to an Oxford architect .
born in 1927 , denis serjeant qualified as an architect the hard way , by taking external examinations [while] articled to an oxford architect .

However , Friends of the Earth , whilst supporting the setting up of a European Environment Agency , suggested that an inspectorate attached to the European Commission could have an investigative role in member countries .
however , friends of the earth , [while] supporting the setting up of a european environment agency , suggested that an inspectorate attached to the european commission could have an investigative role in member countries .

The National Exhibition Centre and Birmingham International Airport are only a few miles away whilst the new International Convention Centre is only a short walk away .
the national exhibition centre and birmingham international airport are only a few miles away [while] the new international convention centre is only a short walk away .

Whilst in Wroxeter , Richard stayed in the home of Sir Richard ( later Lord ) Newport , and attended school with his sons .
[while] in wroxeter , richard stayed in the home of sir richard ( later lord ) newport , and attended school with his sons .

Whilst on their way a blizzard struck and some were trapped and froze to death .
[while] on their way a blizzard struck and some were trapped and froze to death .

At another time , one of the local drunks saw Richard Baxter sheltering under a tree during a thunderstorm whilst a well known woman of ill-repute sheltered on the other side .
at another time , one of the local drunks saw richard baxter sheltering under a tree during a thunderstorm [while] a well known woman of ill-repute sheltered on the other side .

Another great spiritual advantage was that the people 's occupation allowed them the opportunity to read good books or to engage in godly conversation whilst they were working away at their looms .
another great spiritual advantage was that the people 's occupation allowed them the opportunity to read good books or to engage in godly conversation [while] they were working away at their looms .

Whilst Richard Baxter was visiting his sick father in Shropshire , Mr. Baldwin came to him with the news that he too had been forbidden to preach .
[while] richard baxter was visiting his sick father in shropshire , mr. baldwin came to him with the news that he too had been forbidden to preach .

Whilst preaching there on one occasion , there occurred an incident that demonstrates something of Baxter 's courage and composure .
[while] preaching there on one occasion , there occurred an incident that demonstrates something of baxter 's courage and composure .

Even whilst the plague was raging , the King and parliament , who had fled to Oxford to escape , were drawing up new legislation to persecute the Nonconformists .
even [while] the plague was raging , the king and parliament , who had fled to oxford to escape , were drawing up new legislation to persecute the nonconformists .

Whilst they were waiting to see the magistrate , Richard Baxter spoke kindly to Mr. Keting regarding the needs of his soul , which , ‘ his conscience did not well digest ’ .
[while] they were waiting to see the magistrate , richard baxter spoke kindly to mr. keting regarding the needs of his soul , which , ‘ his conscience did not well digest ’ .

The Quakers had a large following in Hertfordshire , and whilst in Rickmansworth , Richard Baxter met their leader , William Penn for a public debate .
the quakers had a large following in hertfordshire , and [while] in rickmansworth , richard baxter met their leader , william penn for a public debate .

Whilst Richard Baxter was away in the country , the services in his meeting house were conducted by a Mr. Seddon .
[while] richard baxter was away in the country , the services in his meeting house were conducted by a mr. seddon .

During one service , whilst he was preaching , three J.P.s and several soldiers burst into the chapel with the purpose of arresting Richard Baxter .
during one service , [while] he was preaching , three j.p.s and several soldiers burst into the chapel with the purpose of arresting richard baxter .

Prince Rupert managed to fight his way towards London and having reached Brentford , he decided to try to capture London and whilst his troops were encamped on Kew Green , they learned from a maid from a riverside inn ( The Bull ) that Oliver Cromwell was holding a council of war there , so he despatched some horsemen to capture Cromwell , but the ‘ Round Heads ’ kept the horsemen at bay until Cromwell had escaped in a boat to the island in the river closeby , which island has been called ‘ Oliver Isle ’ ever since .
prince rupert managed to fight his way towards london and having reached brentford , he decided to try to capture london and [while] his troops were encamped on kew green , they learned from a maid from a riverside inn ( the bull ) that oliver cromwell was holding a council of war there , so he despatched some horsemen to capture cromwell , but the ‘ round heads ’ kept the horsemen at bay until cromwell had escaped in a boat to the island in the river closeby , which island has been called ‘ oliver isle ’ ever since .

When the school , with which he had found employment in Ramsgate , removed to Isleworth in Middlesex , he went with it and whilst there he came into contact with the Protestant Church circles which were Free Churches , i.e. not tied to either the Church of England , or the Roman Catholics .
when the school , with which he had found employment in ramsgate , removed to isleworth in middlesex , he went with it and [while] there he came into contact with the protestant church circles which were free churches , i.e. not tied to either the church of england , or the roman catholics .

opposite the ‘ Old Pack Horse ’ , whilst at the other Chiswick High Road corner — Heathfield Terrace junction — an obelisk was erected as a permanent War Memorial , around which Memorial Services have been held ever since .
opposite the ‘ old pack horse ’ , [while] at the other chiswick high road corner — heathfield terrace junction — an obelisk was erected as a permanent war memorial , around which memorial services have been held ever since .

Whilst Britain was occupied with those matters , German troops began , on 3rd .
[while] britain was occupied with those matters , german troops began , on 3rd .

During 1942 , Hitler decided to terminate diplomatic connections with the Vatican City ; whilst in Russia , his troops suffered a considerable setback by the staunch Russian stand at Stalingrad .
during 1942 , hitler decided to terminate diplomatic connections with the vatican city ; [while] in russia , his troops suffered a considerable setback by the staunch russian stand at stalingrad .

In the meantime various troubles had flared up throughout the world -America had become involved in Korea ; France was involved in both Algiers ( who were seeking independence ) and Indo-China ; whilst Britain became involved in retaliation against the Egyptian government which had threatened to take over the Suez Canal .
in the meantime various troubles had flared up throughout the world -america had become involved in korea ; france was involved in both algiers ( who were seeking independence ) and indo-china ; [while] britain became involved in retaliation against the egyptian government which had threatened to take over the suez canal .

One such American aeroplane was forced to land whilst flying over Russia , and the pilot , Gary Powers , was captured , much to the delight of the Russians , and to the dismay of the Americans .
one such american aeroplane was forced to land [while] flying over russia , and the pilot , gary powers , was captured , much to the delight of the russians , and to the dismay of the americans .

Because of the high unemployment and history of redundancies in Teesside , they viewed the farm as a valuable asset and possible alternative employment , but whilst they are in work the farm assumes much less significance .
because of the high unemployment and history of redundancies in teesside , they viewed the farm as a valuable asset and possible alternative employment , but [while] they are in work the farm assumes much less significance .

In Wester Ross there was only 1 % of permanent grass indicating that any land considered ploughable was termed arable , whilst in Powys the steep slopes dictated that there was no other option .
in wester ross there was only 1 % of permanent grass indicating that any land considered ploughable was termed arable , [while] in powys the steep slopes dictated that there was no other option .

Whilst access to these acres helped alleviate some of the expansionist pressures the cost of transport or difficulty in maintaining adequate attention could lead to unacceptably high losses at times .
[while] access to these acres helped alleviate some of the expansionist pressures the cost of transport or difficulty in maintaining adequate attention could lead to unacceptably high losses at times .

Much of Derbyshire and parts of Wales had shallow stony soils whilst in Wester Ross , North Yorkshire and Wales the steep terrain was the determining factor .
much of derbyshire and parts of wales had shallow stony soils [while] in wester ross , north yorkshire and wales the steep terrain was the determining factor .

Whilst still a comparatively new system of management those who practised it were very pleased with the results .
[while] still a comparatively new system of management those who practised it were very pleased with the results .

Only in Speyside and South Wales were there no farms incurring a loss , whilst Orkney had the lowest number making a pro fit — 42 % .
only in speyside and south wales were there no farms incurring a loss , [while] orkney had the lowest number making a pro fit — 42 % .

In these samples older farmers were found in Leicestershire , Cumbria and Derbyshire , whilst the younger men were to be found mainly in North Wales , North Yorkshire , Orkney and Speyside .
in these samples older farmers were found in leicestershire , cumbria and derbyshire , [while] the younger men were to be found mainly in north wales , north yorkshire , orkney and speyside .

Whilst not suggesting that more machinery is the answer , concentrating and adapting the farm to one enterprise was well worth consideration .
[while] not suggesting that more machinery is the answer , concentrating and adapting the farm to one enterprise was well worth consideration .

For some this related to their abilities with their present enterprises whilst for others it related to the future when they might undertake a new enterprise .
for some this related to their abilities with their present enterprises [while] for others it related to the future when they might undertake a new enterprise .

Twenty-eight percent were putting off-farm income into the farm at the time of the interview whilst a further 28 % said they would consider doing this in the future .
twenty-eight percent were putting off-farm income into the farm at the time of the interview [while] a further 28 % said they would consider doing this in the future .

Speyside and South Wales had none whilst North Yorkshire and Wester Ross had 95 % and 86 % respectively of the farmers part-time .
speyside and south wales had none [while] north yorkshire and wester ross had 95 % and 86 % respectively of the farmers part-time .

For the former it allowed the husband time to concentrate on other enterprises whilst in the case of the latter it reduced the work that had to be done by the husband on his return from his off-farm job .
for the former it allowed the husband time to concentrate on other enterprises [while] in the case of the latter it reduced the work that had to be done by the husband on his return from his off-farm job .

Whilst training was no guarantee that losses would not occur it might help to identify health disorders at a stage early enough to allow successful treatment .
[while] training was no guarantee that losses would not occur it might help to identify health disorders at a stage early enough to allow successful treatment .

In North Yorkshire all the wives had already attended courses whilst in Wester Ross and Orkney the majority of wives had yet to attend a course .
in north yorkshire all the wives had already attended courses [while] in wester ross and orkney the majority of wives had yet to attend a course .

In Speyside , for example , a staggering 83 % said evening was a suitable time , whilst in both Derbyshire and South Wales nobody wanted an evening course .
in speyside , for example , a staggering 83 % said evening was a suitable time , [while] in both derbyshire and south wales nobody wanted an evening course .

Whilst there were many at this level of farming there were also those who were struggling to get going .
[while] there were many at this level of farming there were also those who were struggling to get going .

In the south around the centres of population part-time farmers worked mainly in urban areas as teachers , advisers or tradesmen , whilst in more remote areas they worked in the forests , in the hydro-electricity industry , or as lorry/bus drivers .
in the south around the centres of population part-time farmers worked mainly in urban areas as teachers , advisers or tradesmen , [while] in more remote areas they worked in the forests , in the hydro-electricity industry , or as lorry/bus drivers .

Whilst numbers of full-time farmers had fallen by 28 % in the past ten years there had only been an 8 % reduction in the number of part-time farmers .
[while] numbers of full-time farmers had fallen by 28 % in the past ten years there had only been an 8 % reduction in the number of part-time farmers .

Areas like Chezery corresponded to Norway and parts of the Scottish Highlands , whilst other parts of the region were similar to mid Wales , Derbyshire and Speyside .
areas like chezery corresponded to norway and parts of the scottish highlands , [while] other parts of the region were similar to mid wales , derbyshire and speyside .

Whilst the milking of cows was by machine , goats were milked by hand , demanding assistance from the farmer 's wife .
[while] the milking of cows was by machine , goats were milked by hand , demanding assistance from the farmer 's wife .

But , whilst she 's hiding , Anna sees the stranger bathe in a stream which she knows is contaminated with radio-active fallout .
but , [while] she 's hiding , anna sees the stranger bathe in a stream which she knows is contaminated with radio-active fallout .

Whilst it is necessary to promote individual creativity and development , it is extremely important to encourage group and cooperative action in rural development programmes .
[while] it is necessary to promote individual creativity and development , it is extremely important to encourage group and cooperative action in rural development programmes .

Whilst the political influence of rural areas has declined relatively , the farming community remains a disproportionately strong pressure group in most countries .
[while] the political influence of rural areas has declined relatively , the farming community remains a disproportionately strong pressure group in most countries .

However , it added that whilst the higher hazard operations are recognised , the more mundane issues and the causes of minor incidents do not receive sufficient attention .
however , it added that [while] the higher hazard operations are recognised , the more mundane issues and the causes of minor incidents do not receive sufficient attention .

However , whilst agreeing they might not be annoyed with her , she thought she would feel guilty if she did not start tea until 6 p.m .
however , [while] agreeing they might not be annoyed with her , she thought she would feel guilty if she did not start tea until 6 p.m .

The cognitive behavioural strategies for the engagement , treatment , and relapse prevention of drug abusers has been described fully in Scott ( 1989a ) and Scott ( 1989b ) , whilst Cole ( 1989 ) has detailed the specifics of a cognitive-behavioural approach to the problems of offenders .
the cognitive behavioural strategies for the engagement , treatment , and relapse prevention of drug abusers has been described fully in scott ( 1989a ) and scott ( 1989b ) , [while] cole ( 1989 ) has detailed the specifics of a cognitive-behavioural approach to the problems of offenders .

Whilst endowing the local youth department ( Jugendamt ) for the first time with full and central responsibilities for the well-being of children and young people in their area and for the maintenance of high and uniform standards of services , the Act envisages that these responsibilities be discharged through the co-ordination of private and public agencies and organizations .
[while] endowing the local youth department ( jugendamt ) for the first time with full and central responsibilities for the well-being of children and young people in their area and for the maintenance of high and uniform standards of services , the act envisages that these responsibilities be discharged through the co-ordination of private and public agencies and organizations .

Whilst conflicts of interest between social groups are recognized , there is a fundamental belief in the capacity of parliamentary democracy to create greater social justice and equality .
[while] conflicts of interest between social groups are recognized , there is a fundamental belief in the capacity of parliamentary democracy to create greater social justice and equality .

Whilst a more sophisticated classification system operates in the Netherlands , the precise nature of the services offered often remains unclear ( Ploeg and Scholte , 1988 ) .
[while] a more sophisticated classification system operates in the netherlands , the precise nature of the services offered often remains unclear ( ploeg and scholte , 1988 ) .

Whilst the proportion of youngsters placed with foster families in Flanders barely changed between 1981 and 1988 , there was a clear shift from direct foster placements to placement by foster care referral services ( Lammertyn and Antoons , 1990 ) .
[while] the proportion of youngsters placed with foster families in flanders barely changed between 1981 and 1988 , there was a clear shift from direct foster placements to placement by foster care referral services ( lammertyn and antoons , 1990 ) .

Whilst comparable figures are not available for the Netherlands , it seems that the provision of small scale residential homes in the Netherlands is more extensive than in Flanders ( Kampen , 1988 ) .
[while] comparable figures are not available for the netherlands , it seems that the provision of small scale residential homes in the netherlands is more extensive than in flanders ( kampen , 1988 ) .

Whilst developments have followed a similar path in both regions , the Netherlands has invariably led the way .
[while] developments have followed a similar path in both regions , the netherlands has invariably led the way .

The basic questions posed are : First , can children attach themselves to psychological parents whilst they also maintain contact or links with a non-custodial birth parent or other relative ? and second , would the maintenance of such links confuse the child and impair his developing personal and social identity ?
the basic questions posed are : first , can children attach themselves to psychological parents [while] they also maintain contact or links with a non-custodial birth parent or other relative ? and second , would the maintenance of such links confuse the child and impair his developing personal and social identity ?

Later research was to show that whilst it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , nevertheless given optimum conditions children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( Kadushin , 1970 ; Clarke and Clarke , 1976 ; Tizzard , 1977 ; Triseliotis and Russell , 1984 ) .
later research was to show that [while] it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , nevertheless given optimum conditions children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( kadushin , 1970 ; clarke and clarke , 1976 ; tizzard , 1977 ; triseliotis and russell , 1984 ) .

To my knowledge there has been no research that has set out to study from the start how far a child 's attachment to a new family or carer is impeded or not or whether ‘ the child 's personality will be damaged ’ where a birth parent or relative keeps contact whilst the child is with psychological parents .
to my knowledge there has been no research that has set out to study from the start how far a child 's attachment to a new family or carer is impeded or not or whether ‘ the child 's personality will be damaged ’ where a birth parent or relative keeps contact [while] the child is with psychological parents .

Though in our recent study of Adoption Allowances which involved many older children we did not set out to test the issues under discussion , nevertheless some of the 52 children we interviewed maintained a link with a member of the original family whilst in the case of a few others a ‘ clean break ’ approach was followed by agencies .
though in our recent study of adoption allowances which involved many older children we did not set out to test the issues under discussion , nevertheless some of the 52 children we interviewed maintained a link with a member of the original family [while] in the case of a few others a ‘ clean break ’ approach was followed by agencies .

The questions to be asked in relation to adoptive parents are : first , whether they can successfully parent a child and develop deep attachments to it without a feeling of ‘ entitlement ’ or of being in charge and whilst there are continued visits or contacts by birth parents or birth relatives .
the questions to be asked in relation to adoptive parents are : first , whether they can successfully parent a child and develop deep attachments to it without a feeling of ‘ entitlement ’ or of being in charge and [while] there are continued visits or contacts by birth parents or birth relatives .

It is perhaps not coincidental that the same Islanders , whilst wishing to keep their traditional forms of adoption , are also seeking legal security to protect them from undue interference from the natural family .
it is perhaps not coincidental that the same islanders , [while] wishing to keep their traditional forms of adoption , are also seeking legal security to protect them from undue interference from the natural family .

Tizard ( 1977 ) , whilst rightly arguing that new families need to be totally in control of the way they bring up their adopted children , is also prepared to concede that ‘ just as there are some couples willing to adopt handicapped children , others , especially if given the support of other adoptive parents , may be willing to adopt children who retain links with their natural families ’ .
tizard ( 1977 ) , [while] rightly arguing that new families need to be totally in control of the way they bring up their adopted children , is also prepared to concede that ‘ just as there are some couples willing to adopt handicapped children , others , especially if given the support of other adoptive parents , may be willing to adopt children who retain links with their natural families ’ .

They have mail tunics and basic helmets whilst their banner is a typical ‘ dragon ’ or tubular device carried on a long shaft .
they have mail tunics and basic helmets [while] their banner is a typical ‘ dragon ’ or tubular device carried on a long shaft .

He is seen on his knees whilst God shatters the wall held by the defending Moslem forces .
he is seen on his knees [while] god shatters the wall held by the defending moslem forces .

Charlemagne 's baggage train is attacked whilst crossing the Alps on one of his campaigns .
charlemagne 's baggage train is attacked [while] crossing the alps on one of his campaigns .

The greatest difference , however , was not in the length of practice but in the approach to it : he struggled at it whilst she did n't .
the greatest difference , however , was not in the length of practice but in the approach to it : he struggled at it [while] she did n't .

Whilst practising we should also insist on high standards , since once a technique is ‘ remembered ’ it is difficult to change .
[while] practising we should also insist on high standards , since once a technique is ‘ remembered ’ it is difficult to change .

To make it easy to uphaul it will have a fairly short boom of around 2.0 m for a 5.5 sq m sail , whilst to keep the weight down there are few if any battens .
to make it easy to uphaul it will have a fairly short boom of around 2.0 m for a 5.5 sq m sail , [while] to keep the weight down there are few if any battens .

Camber inducers and split batten systems both produce a good smooth shape around the mast whilst also helping the sail maintain its stability in gusts .
camber inducers and split batten systems both produce a good smooth shape around the mast [while] also helping the sail maintain its stability in gusts .

You are not trying to pull the sail out ; you should lean with straight arms and back whilst pushing with bent legs .
you are not trying to pull the sail out ; you should lean with straight arms and back [while] pushing with bent legs .

Whilst doing this you must keep the end of the boom out of the water since if it ‘ catches ’ , the wind will fill the sail and control will be lost .
[while] doing this you must keep the end of the boom out of the water since if it ‘ catches ’ , the wind will fill the sail and control will be lost .

An overhand grip ( palms downwards ) uses the triceps , whilst an underhand grip ( palms upwards ) uses the biceps .
an overhand grip ( palms downwards ) uses the triceps , [while] an underhand grip ( palms upwards ) uses the biceps .

Whilst sailing around with a comfortable posture , pick out all the details of the water and land around you .
[while] sailing around with a comfortable posture , pick out all the details of the water and land around you .

Whilst windsurfing , by keeping the head level you are giving your body the best chance of keeping its balance beneath you .
[while] windsurfing , by keeping the head level you are giving your body the best chance of keeping its balance beneath you .

Rather than weary arms taking the strain , the harness lines do , allowing maximum use of body weight whilst letting the arms make fine adjustments to the sail .
rather than weary arms taking the strain , the harness lines do , allowing maximum use of body weight [while] letting the arms make fine adjustments to the sail .

Keeping an upright rig also distinguishes a good funboard sailor since it gives more forward drive whilst sailing and more lift in beach and waterstarts .
keeping an upright rig also distinguishes a good funboard sailor since it gives more forward drive [while] sailing and more lift in beach and waterstarts .

To control the power keep the sail low and close to the water to decrease its effective area and slide one or both feet into the straps whilst lying in the water .
to control the power keep the sail low and close to the water to decrease its effective area and slide one or both feet into the straps [while] lying in the water .

In mid-turn all the weight will be on the inside foot whilst the other remains in the strap .
in mid-turn all the weight will be on the inside foot [while] the other remains in the strap .

Avoid applying the weight to the turn by leaning the whole body , rather let the bent knees do the work whilst the upper body remains upright .
avoid applying the weight to the turn by leaning the whole body , rather let the bent knees do the work [while] the upper body remains upright .

This is very good for grip and reduces the chances of spin-out whilst not being very fast .
this is very good for grip and reduces the chances of spin-out [while] not being very fast .

Whilst sailing in surf you should always keep an eye out for these sets since if you do n't you may suddenly find yourself amongst the larger waves whose ‘ rinse cycles ’ are considerably more vigorous than that of a washing machine .
[while] sailing in surf you should always keep an eye out for these sets since if you do n't you may suddenly find yourself amongst the larger waves whose ‘ rinse cycles ’ are considerably more vigorous than that of a washing machine .

You will need to wear a watch to time the starts ; this should be worn on the wrist of your right hand , with the face on the inside , so that in the final seconds of a frantic starboard tack start it can easily be read whilst in the sailing position .
you will need to wear a watch to time the starts ; this should be worn on the wrist of your right hand , with the face on the inside , so that in the final seconds of a frantic starboard tack start it can easily be read [while] in the sailing position .

At the start you need very fine control over the board to enable you to manoeuvre into position whilst all the other competitors try to do exactly the same .
at the start you need very fine control over the board to enable you to manoeuvre into position [while] all the other competitors try to do exactly the same .

With between four and eight seconds to go , you can accelerate into this gap , hitting the line at speed whilst those around you are still sheeting in .
with between four and eight seconds to go , you can accelerate into this gap , hitting the line at speed [while] those around you are still sheeting in .

Your main objective should be to sail as close to the wind as possible whilst maintaining speed .
your main objective should be to sail as close to the wind as possible [while] maintaining speed .

Smoking chimneys display the wind 's strength and direction , whilst on the water the behaviour of other sailing craft can do like wise .
smoking chimneys display the wind 's strength and direction , [while] on the water the behaviour of other sailing craft can do like wise .

Whilst doing this you need to avoid the other competitors .
[while] doing this you need to avoid the other competitors .

An aggressive manoeuvre in wave sailing , where the sailor suddenly changes course whilst on the face to bring himself back down to the bottom of the wave .
an aggressive manoeuvre in wave sailing , where the sailor suddenly changes course [while] on the face to bring himself back down to the bottom of the wave .

It was she who turned away first and when she rested her arm against the wall to support the linen whilst she put the key in the lock , he came forward , saying eagerly , ‘ Let me .
it was she who turned away first and when she rested her arm against the wall to support the linen [while] she put the key in the lock , he came forward , saying eagerly , ‘ let me .

Whilst no boys used the term ‘ hunk ’ , several of the girls used it , always in relation to two particular images : Mitch from Baywatch , and Todd from Neighbours .
[while] no boys used the term ‘ hunk ’ , several of the girls used it , always in relation to two particular images : mitch from baywatch , and todd from neighbours .

The ironic male viewer stands apart whilst the women are moved to tears .
the ironic male viewer stands apart [while] the women are moved to tears .

The liberal 's contradictory impulses — to act with tolerance towards one group whilst simultaneously projecting racist sentiments on to another , despised group — manifest themselves in both Sapphire and Flame in the Street .
the liberal 's contradictory impulses — to act with tolerance towards one group [while] simultaneously projecting racist sentiments on to another , despised group — manifest themselves in both sapphire and flame in the street .

Speak , if thou canst , and whilst thou'rt at it , Move one small pace this way to get in range .
speak , if thou canst , and [while] thou'rt at it , move one small pace this way to get in range .

Many people might think that a person who causes death whilst using an unlawfully held firearm or explosives ought to be convicted of murder because there is , generally speaking , no excuse for using such dangerous equipment .
many people might think that a person who causes death [while] using an unlawfully held firearm or explosives ought to be convicted of murder because there is , generally speaking , no excuse for using such dangerous equipment .

By the Infanticide Act 1922 Parliament mitigated the application of the law of murder to mothers who killed their new-born babies whilst suffering from the effects of childbirth .
by the infanticide act 1922 parliament mitigated the application of the law of murder to mothers who killed their new-born babies [while] suffering from the effects of childbirth .

There is also the argument that the fathers of children may kill whilst overwhelmed by the stress consequent upon the arrival of a new child , and they should be not be left outside the law of infanticide .
there is also the argument that the fathers of children may kill [while] overwhelmed by the stress consequent upon the arrival of a new child , and they should be not be left outside the law of infanticide .

In Bateman ( 1925 ) , where a doctor had attended the confinement of a woman who died whilst giving birth , the Court of Criminal Appeal held that there must be negligence over and above that which is sufficient to establish civil liability , and which shows ‘ such disregard for the life and safety of others ’ as to deserve punishment .
in bateman ( 1925 ) , where a doctor had attended the confinement of a woman who died [while] giving birth , the court of criminal appeal held that there must be negligence over and above that which is sufficient to establish civil liability , and which shows ‘ such disregard for the life and safety of others ’ as to deserve punishment .

Patterns of victimization vary : females are more likely to fall victim to violence in their homes ; whilst males are more likely to fall victim to violence in a ‘ road , street or park ’ , or in a place of recreation .
patterns of victimization vary : females are more likely to fall victim to violence in their homes ; [while] males are more likely to fall victim to violence in a ‘ road , street or park ’ , or in a place of recreation .

Then there is a group of offences which prohibit sexual activities with young people , whether they appear to consent or not : whilst there is little dispute about the need for some such offences , there is room for disagreement on the proper boundaries of the criminal law and on the role of prosecutorial discretion .
then there is a group of offences which prohibit sexual activities with young people , whether they appear to consent or not : [while] there is little dispute about the need for some such offences , there is room for disagreement on the proper boundaries of the criminal law and on the role of prosecutorial discretion .

Geoff Hamilton takes a close-up look at some mini-vegetables that are currently being developed by Horticulture Research International , whilst Pippa Greenwood continues her plans for planting a sloping garden ;
geoff hamilton takes a close-up look at some mini-vegetables that are currently being developed by horticulture research international , [while] pippa greenwood continues her plans for planting a sloping garden ;

We wholeheartedly condemn the Government 's policy of Non-intervention which has permitted the Fascist countries of Italy and Germany to pour into Spain vast amounts of arms , ammunition , men , whilst it has denied the Spanish Democratic Government the legal right to purchase necessary supplies to defend the State . By its attitude the ‘ National Government ’ has done much to advance the cause of Fascism
we wholeheartedly condemn the government 's policy of non-intervention which has permitted the fascist countries of italy and germany to pour into spain vast amounts of arms , ammunition , men , [while] it has denied the spanish democratic government the legal right to purchase necessary supplies to defend the state . by its attitude the ‘ national government ’ has done much to advance the cause of fascism

Nevertheless , whilst a joint campaign with the Communist Party and other political organizations was entirely out of the question , the Labour leadership felt compelled to adjust its policy with regard to Spain .
nevertheless , [while] a joint campaign with the communist party and other political organizations was entirely out of the question , the labour leadership felt compelled to adjust its policy with regard to spain .

Some people find it easiest to put the seeds in the palm of their cupped hand whilst gently tapping with the other hand so that the seeds are rolled slowly down the groove formed on the palm .
some people find it easiest to put the seeds in the palm of their cupped hand [while] gently tapping with the other hand so that the seeds are rolled slowly down the groove formed on the palm .

The ostensible purposes of this Act were to ensure that an adequate supply of bodies was available for dissection in the teaching hospitals and anatomy schools , whilst eliminating the nefarious activities of the body-snatchers , whose commerce had nourished the medical profession .
the ostensible purposes of this act were to ensure that an adequate supply of bodies was available for dissection in the teaching hospitals and anatomy schools , [while] eliminating the nefarious activities of the body-snatchers , whose commerce had nourished the medical profession .

This view would seem to be supported by the Sunday census of March 1851 , when it was found that in London only 37 % of the inhabitants attended any form of divine service , whilst in eight other cities with populations in excess of 100,000 the figure was only 42 % .
this view would seem to be supported by the sunday census of march 1851 , when it was found that in london only 37 % of the inhabitants attended any form of divine service , [while] in eight other cities with populations in excess of 100,000 the figure was only 42 % .

In these transitional years of fluctuating opinion some continued to adopt a passive attitude towards fatalities , in which they sought to trace the hand of God , whilst others favoured active remedies for what they held to be primarily human failings .
in these transitional years of fluctuating opinion some continued to adopt a passive attitude towards fatalities , in which they sought to trace the hand of god , [while] others favoured active remedies for what they held to be primarily human failings .

In the poet 's eyes , God has shown his compassion by ending the nuns ’ suffering , whilst enabling them to give heroic testimony to their faith .
in the poet 's eyes , god has shown his compassion by ending the nuns ’ suffering , [while] enabling them to give heroic testimony to their faith .

Surely it could not be that , whilst they were classifying the laws governing the physical world , they were themselves under no moral order , but existing in a chaos of random motion ?
surely it could not be that , [while] they were classifying the laws governing the physical world , they were themselves under no moral order , but existing in a chaos of random motion ?

Whilst many Methodists inclined to Calvinism , many of the leading Evangelicals , notably Simeon and the Rev.John Venn , Rector of Clapham , tried to avoid doctrinal controversies , which seemed to them irrelevant to the paramount issue : how to lead a Christian life and enter the Kingdom of Heaven .
[while] many methodists inclined to calvinism , many of the leading evangelicals , notably simeon and the rev.john venn , rector of clapham , tried to avoid doctrinal controversies , which seemed to them irrelevant to the paramount issue : how to lead a christian life and enter the kingdom of heaven .

This doctrine is satisfying because it invests early death with meaning , whilst emphasising the innocence of childhood .
this doctrine is satisfying because it invests early death with meaning , [while] emphasising the innocence of childhood .

Whilst her husband , Captain Sherwood , was serving in India , she there gave birth to her first son , Henry , who did not long survive .
[while] her husband , captain sherwood , was serving in india , she there gave birth to her first son , henry , who did not long survive .

Mrs Sherwood relates the death of a boy of six , whom she and her husband had been asked to look after whilst his parents were in India :
mrs sherwood relates the death of a boy of six , whom she and her husband had been asked to look after [while] his parents were in india :

Undertakers would give the poor no credit and , whilst efforts were being made to raise cash , corpses remained on their deathbeds for up to a fortnight .
undertakers would give the poor no credit and , [while] efforts were being made to raise cash , corpses remained on their deathbeds for up to a fortnight .

His health never recovered from an infection incurred in 1848 whilst he was dissecting a corpse ; he committed suicide in the following year bizarre incident took place in the life of the composer , Hector Berlioz ( 1803–69 ) , whose first wife was the Irish actress , Harriet Smithson .
his health never recovered from an infection incurred in 1848 [while] he was dissecting a corpse ; he committed suicide in the following year bizarre incident took place in the life of the composer , hector berlioz ( 1803–69 ) , whose first wife was the irish actress , harriet smithson .

He demonstrated its use before a large crowd and emerged unscathed , whilst an attendant band played a suitable dirge for the benefit of the spectators .
he demonstrated its use before a large crowd and emerged unscathed , [while] an attendant band played a suitable dirge for the benefit of the spectators .

Similar studies have been carried out on axes from the British Isles and , whilst the same alloys were used , the time scale of their introduction and use was quite different .
similar studies have been carried out on axes from the british isles and , [while] the same alloys were used , the time scale of their introduction and use was quite different .

Some would argue that these provide clear evidence of prehistoric exploitation , whilst others see them as highly practical , and therefore long-lived , mining methods .
some would argue that these provide clear evidence of prehistoric exploitation , [while] others see them as highly practical , and therefore long-lived , mining methods .

In the narratives , descriptions of killing are specifically and explicitly couched in terms of the shedding of another person 's blood , whilst acts of lawful vengeance for clan murder are similarly spoken of in terms of effecting an expiation by blood ( Lev .
in the narratives , descriptions of killing are specifically and explicitly couched in terms of the shedding of another person 's blood , [while] acts of lawful vengeance for clan murder are similarly spoken of in terms of effecting an expiation by blood ( lev .

Whilst humans could eat meat , they could only do so after careful selection and preparation of the animal ( Lev .
[while] humans could eat meat , they could only do so after careful selection and preparation of the animal ( lev .

The Bible has long been recognized as a composite work spanning many centuries , not some kind of monolithic whole , and whilst opinions differ widely as to the precise dating ( and methods of dating ) of its constituent parts , it remains the case that a book , or indeed a chapter , may lie in the received text next to a verse or chapter some several centuries removed in compositional/redactional terms from its neighbour .
the bible has long been recognized as a composite work spanning many centuries , not some kind of monolithic whole , and [while] opinions differ widely as to the precise dating ( and methods of dating ) of its constituent parts , it remains the case that a book , or indeed a chapter , may lie in the received text next to a verse or chapter some several centuries removed in compositional/redactional terms from its neighbour .

4.22ff ) , whilst any guilt-offering for sin ‘ through error in the holy things of the Lord ’ was an unblemished ram ( Lev .
4.22ff ) , [while] any guilt-offering for sin ‘ through error in the holy things of the lord ’ was an unblemished ram ( lev .

Whilst the laws of ritual purity were directed at both men and women , women — in order to promote practical , patriarchal socio-economic concerns — were particularly affected .
[while] the laws of ritual purity were directed at both men and women , women — in order to promote practical , patriarchal socio-economic concerns — were particularly affected .

In other words , whilst necessary to the system on both practical and symbolic levels , and a strengthening factor to the positive definition , it remained also an offence to the ideal , marginal to the correct order , and therefore dangerous .
in other words , [while] necessary to the system on both practical and symbolic levels , and a strengthening factor to the positive definition , it remained also an offence to the ideal , marginal to the correct order , and therefore dangerous .

Together with moves towards greater urbanization ; more complex economic systems ; shifts in societal and familial structure ( in particular the movement away from the earlier extended family unit to the nucleated one ) , there developed the situation whereby the woman 's role was placed firmly and almost exclusively in the private sphere of activity as wife , mother and homemaker ( a removal encouraged by the purity laws ) , whilst that of the man was located in the public sphere as worker and family supporter , and active participant in social , political and religious affairs ( see , for example , Prov .
together with moves towards greater urbanization ; more complex economic systems ; shifts in societal and familial structure ( in particular the movement away from the earlier extended family unit to the nucleated one ) , there developed the situation whereby the woman 's role was placed firmly and almost exclusively in the private sphere of activity as wife , mother and homemaker ( a removal encouraged by the purity laws ) , [while] that of the man was located in the public sphere as worker and family supporter , and active participant in social , political and religious affairs ( see , for example , prov .

So , according to the laws of Leviticus , women were forbidden to enter the Temple or touch any hallowed thing during their times of menstrual uncleanness , whilst with regard to childbirth they were similarly removed from cultic activity , this time for forty days following delivery of a boy and significantly eighty days after that of a girl .
so , according to the laws of leviticus , women were forbidden to enter the temple or touch any hallowed thing during their times of menstrual uncleanness , [while] with regard to childbirth they were similarly removed from cultic activity , this time for forty days following delivery of a boy and significantly eighty days after that of a girl .

This relegation - for as such it was undoubtedly construed — to the domestic realm , whilst on the one hand promoting a higher status than before for women in terms of motherhood ( a status generated for society 's structural purposes and needs ) , also resulted in an overall decrease in women 's status generally , for , to use the well known Levi-Straussian model , the domestic unit — i.e .
this relegation - for as such it was undoubtedly construed — to the domestic realm , [while] on the one hand promoting a higher status than before for women in terms of motherhood ( a status generated for society 's structural purposes and needs ) , also resulted in an overall decrease in women 's status generally , for , to use the well known levi-straussian model , the domestic unit — i.e .

Whilst women 's role as mothers was of paramount importance to society — particularly after the exile when maternity , for various pragmatic reasons , became the means of transmitting and establishing in biological terms , as it were , religious and ethnic identity — it would seem logical , given our culture — nature opposition and the fact that culture seeks to control and impose upon whatever has been construed as natural , that something had to be done in cultural terms about the natural function of childbirth .
[while] women 's role as mothers was of paramount importance to society — particularly after the exile when maternity , for various pragmatic reasons , became the means of transmitting and establishing in biological terms , as it were , religious and ethnic identity — it would seem logical , given our culture — nature opposition and the fact that culture seeks to control and impose upon whatever has been construed as natural , that something had to be done in cultural terms about the natural function of childbirth .

Whilst we believe in our biologically-determined nature , there will be no possible utopia apart from these two : a matriarchy run by morally superior women , where desire is excluded , and where our innate niceness means that we can all live happily ever after ; or , we let the chaos out , and we rule fiercely and savagely for a short-lived reign , our ferocious and insatiable desire destroying everything around us .
[while] we believe in our biologically-determined nature , there will be no possible utopia apart from these two : a matriarchy run by morally superior women , where desire is excluded , and where our innate niceness means that we can all live happily ever after ; or , we let the chaos out , and we rule fiercely and savagely for a short-lived reign , our ferocious and insatiable desire destroying everything around us .

Whilst a rise in temperature increases the rate of activity of the detergent it also increases the capacity of water to dissolve solids .
[while] a rise in temperature increases the rate of activity of the detergent it also increases the capacity of water to dissolve solids .

Whilst one objective is to reduce to an absolute minimum the range of products held there is a point at which rationalisation leads to a loss of efficiency and results in increased , rather than reduced , costs .
[while] one objective is to reduce to an absolute minimum the range of products held there is a point at which rationalisation leads to a loss of efficiency and results in increased , rather than reduced , costs .

This leads to a neglect of conservation management … the soil conservation expert is thus requested to propose technical and educational solutions to socio-political problems , whilst the sociologist is given the task of obtaining the approval of the population for measures taken without its advice and real consent .
this leads to a neglect of conservation management … the soil conservation expert is thus requested to propose technical and educational solutions to socio-political problems , [while] the sociologist is given the task of obtaining the approval of the population for measures taken without its advice and real consent .

The librarian tiptoed away to telephone : whilst he was gone , the dead leaves continued a kind of rustling and shifting , enlivened by their release .
the librarian tiptoed away to telephone : [while] he was gone , the dead leaves continued a kind of rustling and shifting , enlivened by their release .

Whilst the machine warmed up , in the din and hum of the extractor fan , he took out his two letters and read them again .
[while] the machine warmed up , in the din and hum of the extractor fan , he took out his two letters and read them again .

And whilst it was cooking he looked about him , and brought hay to the cow and goat , golden corn to the cock and hen , milk to the cat and bones and meat from his cooking to the great grey dog .
and [while] it was cooking he looked about him , and brought hay to the cow and goat , golden corn to the cock and hen , milk to the cat and bones and meat from his cooking to the great grey dog .

He wondered how she had come there , and how long she had been there , and what her voice would be like , and a thousand other ridiculous things , whilst she breathed in and out , ruffling the gold threads of hair .
he wondered how she had come there , and how long she had been there , and what her voice would be like , and a thousand other ridiculous things , [while] she breathed in and out , ruffling the gold threads of hair .

Small computers are now routinely used to perform the tasks for which photographers are employed , whilst the advent of still video is making increasing inroads into the working lives of photojournalists .
small computers are now routinely used to perform the tasks for which photographers are employed , [while] the advent of still video is making increasing inroads into the working lives of photojournalists .

Whilst initially not as financially rewarding , the change in direction has brought him increasing recognition .
[while] initially not as financially rewarding , the change in direction has brought him increasing recognition .

This means that whilst the developer produces full shadow details to work from in the negative , the highlight areas do not become too dense so blocking-up any highlight details .
this means that [while] the developer produces full shadow details to work from in the negative , the highlight areas do not become too dense so blocking-up any highlight details .

Histoire , whilst at one level a transposition of the discontinuity of experience , can at the same time be considered as providing an implicit commentary on the nature of fiction and writing : the text can be said to be formed from a meditation on a collection of postcards which the narrator is sifting through .
histoire , [while] at one level a transposition of the discontinuity of experience , can at the same time be considered as providing an implicit commentary on the nature of fiction and writing : the text can be said to be formed from a meditation on a collection of postcards which the narrator is sifting through .

Whilst the company is well known for its handmade clay plain tiles , this will be the first time it has ventured into the expanding machine-made clay plain tile market .
[while] the company is well known for its handmade clay plain tiles , this will be the first time it has ventured into the expanding machine-made clay plain tile market .

The former has the softness of line and speckled coloration of a genuine clamp-fired brick ; whilst the latter has a traditional appearance of a warm red , multicoloured , Wealden stock .
the former has the softness of line and speckled coloration of a genuine clamp-fired brick ; [while] the latter has a traditional appearance of a warm red , multicoloured , wealden stock .

Square edge panels come in both 1,200 x 600 mm or 600 x 600 mm sizes , whilst shadow line and interline edged panels are available only in the smaller size .
square edge panels come in both 1,200 x 600 mm or 600 x 600 mm sizes , [while] shadow line and interline edged panels are available only in the smaller size .

In 1936 the city was divided into three local government electoral wards , two of which elected eight councillors whilst the third ward elected four .
in 1936 the city was divided into three local government electoral wards , two of which elected eight councillors [while] the third ward elected four .

An echo : Once in fourth grade , he was sent to stand in the corner , next to the blackboard ; whilst there , he powdered his face with white chalk and when he turned around he was a clown , beaming a smile at the class like The Joker in Batman .
an echo : once in fourth grade , he was sent to stand in the corner , next to the blackboard ; [while] there , he powdered his face with white chalk and when he turned around he was a clown , beaming a smile at the class like the joker in batman .

Whilst the poll tax in Kensington was set some 48 % above government estimates , Institute of Public Finance figures suggest that average household bills would be a quarter lower than under the rates .
[while] the poll tax in kensington was set some 48 % above government estimates , institute of public finance figures suggest that average household bills would be a quarter lower than under the rates .

One holds the spindle steady whilst the other fits into the twin holes on the wheel nut and tightens the disc in place .
one holds the spindle steady [while] the other fits into the twin holes on the wheel nut and tightens the disc in place .

Clear graduations are printed in black and red , whilst ‘ true-zero ’ sliding hooks maintain a high degree of accuracy .
clear graduations are printed in black and red , [while] ‘ true-zero ’ sliding hooks maintain a high degree of accuracy .

Employee fundraising appears to be an increasingly popular option and whilst it involves a lot more work than a straight donation it has the ability to generate longer term grass roots support amongst employees .
employee fundraising appears to be an increasingly popular option and [while] it involves a lot more work than a straight donation it has the ability to generate longer term grass roots support amongst employees .

32% were dissatisfied with district councils , whilst almost a quarter were unhappy with county councils .
32% were dissatisfied with district councils , [while] almost a quarter were unhappy with county councils .

Thus , therapy for a particular ailment may specifically be excluded from a policy , whilst surgery would be covered .
thus , therapy for a particular ailment may specifically be excluded from a policy , [while] surgery would be covered .

‘ Nevertheless , the council believes we must ensure the market structure provides the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , whilst offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’
‘ nevertheless , the council believes we must ensure the market structure provides the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , [while] offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’

One takes the point , whilst insisting that scrupulosity and rigour are matters of means not ends .
one takes the point , [while] insisting that scrupulosity and rigour are matters of means not ends .

Common to the passages quoted above is the assumption that it is possible to denounce ‘ academicism ’ or ‘ professionalism ’ whilst being a member of the academic profession .
common to the passages quoted above is the assumption that it is possible to denounce ‘ academicism ’ or ‘ professionalism ’ [while] being a member of the academic profession .

This is well exemplified in Fokine 's choreography fur the first Nocturne in Les Sylphides , where it can be said that the corps de ballet are marking the overall rhythm lasting sixteen or thirty-two bars , whilst the three soloists represent the shorter rhythmical phrases lasting four to ) eight bars .
this is well exemplified in fokine 's choreography fur the first nocturne in les sylphides , where it can be said that the corps de ballet are marking the overall rhythm lasting sixteen or thirty-two bars , [while] the three soloists represent the shorter rhythmical phrases lasting four to ) eight bars .

These are marked by three of the dancers whilst another performs a solo to a short phrase .
these are marked by three of the dancers [while] another performs a solo to a short phrase .

In this case three girls interpret the very rhythmic orchestral accompaniment whilst the male soloist interprets the shorter melodic phrase played by the pianist .
in this case three girls interpret the very rhythmic orchestral accompaniment [while] the male soloist interprets the shorter melodic phrase played by the pianist .

The dancers and music then swell to fill the stage again , ultimately to depart all sorrow spent with the child-like figure lifted high in the hands of one man and carried away out of sight whilst another dancer kneels low in homage as the music resolves the picture into a great Amen .
the dancers and music then swell to fill the stage again , ultimately to depart all sorrow spent with the child-like figure lifted high in the hands of one man and carried away out of sight [while] another dancer kneels low in homage as the music resolves the picture into a great amen .

This is because a lack of technical expertise in a Petipa variation danced in a ‘ tutu ’ is all too obvious , whilst its lack in modern works usually goes unnoticed .
this is because a lack of technical expertise in a petipa variation danced in a ‘ tutu ’ is all too obvious , [while] its lack in modern works usually goes unnoticed .

Its urgent overall rhythm commands the choreographer to keep the dancers moving forever onwards with greater intensity to the climax , whilst the shorter phrase rhythms give the Chosen Maiden and smaller groups such ways of moving that they hold the audience 's full attention until the fall of the curtain .
its urgent overall rhythm commands the choreographer to keep the dancers moving forever onwards with greater intensity to the climax , [while] the shorter phrase rhythms give the chosen maiden and smaller groups such ways of moving that they hold the audience 's full attention until the fall of the curtain .

for example , too much weaving and rolling of bodies on the floor is hardly visible from the stalls , whilst too much concentration on one side of the stage finds spectators on the same side craning their necks to see what is going on .
for example , too much weaving and rolling of bodies on the floor is hardly visible from the stalls , [while] too much concentration on one side of the stage finds spectators on the same side craning their necks to see what is going on .

It was for such reason that most of Petipa 's famous pas de deux take place centre stage , whilst those of Ashton and MacMillan cover the whole area as befits their more flowing lyrical styles ,
it was for such reason that most of petipa 's famous pas de deux take place centre stage , [while] those of ashton and macmillan cover the whole area as befits their more flowing lyrical styles ,

For example : in Choros he focuses attention on many ancient Greek dance rituals and accents the playful use of movement whilst at the same time showing that such warlike , athletic courtship and other activities are a wonderful game to be played by the performers .
for example : in choros he focuses attention on many ancient greek dance rituals and accents the playful use of movement [while] at the same time showing that such warlike , athletic courtship and other activities are a wonderful game to be played by the performers .

Some of them are to be found in Checkmate when the Red Pawns pick their way from square to square , whilst their Queen guides her King to his throne with tender steps .
some of them are to be found in checkmate when the red pawns pick their way from square to square , [while] their queen guides her king to his throne with tender steps .

The brilliant bravura variation when Kitri springs lightly forwards sur les pointes whilst fanning herself and Basil attempts to make his zapateado ( heel-tapping ) appear authentic by the slightly crouching pose of his body , add even greater panache to their efforts .
the brilliant bravura variation when kitri springs lightly forwards sur les pointes [while] fanning herself and basil attempts to make his zapateado ( heel-tapping ) appear authentic by the slightly crouching pose of his body , add even greater panache to their efforts .

At times the supporting leg would bend when on balance , whilst the working one was also bent with the foot turned up at the ankle during certain poses , or when performing a rond de jambe en dehors or en dedans during the pas de deux .
at times the supporting leg would bend when on balance , [while] the working one was also bent with the foot turned up at the ankle during certain poses , or when performing a rond de jambe en dehors or en dedans during the pas de deux .

It was certainly a spectacular display of what dancers could do with their legs whilst merely marching but the ports de bras were very limited and merely swung at the sides or sprang to attention .
it was certainly a spectacular display of what dancers could do with their legs [while] merely marching but the ports de bras were very limited and merely swung at the sides or sprang to attention .

Those in the audience who have had to suffer such behaviour in a concert hall , whilst trying to listen to a brilliant musician , know that his remarks about certain characters are only too true .
those in the audience who have had to suffer such behaviour in a concert hall , [while] trying to listen to a brilliant musician , know that his remarks about certain characters are only too true .

She is a little playful , first accepting and then rejecting his advances , whilst he suggests there are stronger feelings behind his efforts to steal a kiss .
she is a little playful , first accepting and then rejecting his advances , [while] he suggests there are stronger feelings behind his efforts to steal a kiss .

Steps should be classified under the terms used in the classical vocabulary so that they have a commonly recognised form , e.g. the three changes of weight required by the Russian ‘ Kolokol ’ or bell step and the Hungarian ‘ Harang ’ make them pas de bourrée , whilst the ‘ goat 's leap ’ known in several countries becomes the pas de chat .
steps should be classified under the terms used in the classical vocabulary so that they have a commonly recognised form , e.g. the three changes of weight required by the russian ‘ kolokol ’ or bell step and the hungarian ‘ harang ’ make them pas de bourrée , [while] the ‘ goat 's leap ’ known in several countries becomes the pas de chat .

There are very different ways of presenting these old characters even whilst preserving their basic form .
there are very different ways of presenting these old characters even [while] preserving their basic form .

Yet in The Four Temperaments he revealed very clearly and subtly how four very different types of person react to the mood suggested by Hindemith 's music , whilst using his particular style of classical dance ( see page 54 ) .
yet in the four temperaments he revealed very clearly and subtly how four very different types of person react to the mood suggested by hindemith 's music , [while] using his particular style of classical dance ( see page 54 ) .

Kerry Packer has launched a complex , lowly valued and hostile bid for Bond 's media interests whilst efforts to pass on stakes in British Satellite Broadcasting and Airship Industries have so far failed .
kerry packer has launched a complex , lowly valued and hostile bid for bond 's media interests [while] efforts to pass on stakes in british satellite broadcasting and airship industries have so far failed .

From 1910 , the loom sheds were used by Frederick Steele , a printing firm , whilst other parts housed Syrolit Ltd , a company that produced a variety of articles from one of the new plastic materials .
from 1910 , the loom sheds were used by frederick steele , a printing firm , [while] other parts housed syrolit ltd , a company that produced a variety of articles from one of the new plastic materials .

Some were in use as fulling mills whilst others were used predominantly for the grinding of barley for brewing the monastery 's beer supply .
some were in use as fulling mills [while] others were used predominantly for the grinding of barley for brewing the monastery 's beer supply .

The Blockley Brook eventually joins the Severn , at Tewkesbury ( via the Knee Brook , the Stour and the Avon ) whilst the Colebrook travels via Evenlode to join the Thames near Oxford .
the blockley brook eventually joins the severn , at tewkesbury ( via the knee brook , the stour and the avon ) [while] the colebrook travels via evenlode to join the thames near oxford .

The Stanley family held it , son Richard running the mill , whilst his father , Robert , ran nearby Snugborough Mill .
the stanley family held it , son richard running the mill , [while] his father , robert , ran nearby snugborough mill .

Mr and Mrs Bloggs are expected to sit thumbing through the books whilst the teacher , seated at the front of the classroom , rapidly lectures another anxious parent .
mr and mrs bloggs are expected to sit thumbing through the books [while] the teacher , seated at the front of the classroom , rapidly lectures another anxious parent .

George Nicholson of Eversley described the actor as sliding down a lamppost whilst trying to measure it with his hands .
george nicholson of eversley described the actor as sliding down a lamppost [while] trying to measure it with his hands .

His knowledge of some of the singers , from previous visits to Munich and Mannheim , enabled him to commence work on the opera whilst still in Salzburg .
his knowledge of some of the singers , from previous visits to munich and mannheim , enabled him to commence work on the opera [while] still in salzburg .

It requires a firmer discipline than would normally be the case , and this should be consistently maintained by all parties whilst allowing the child to enjoy a happy and satisfying childhood .
it requires a firmer discipline than would normally be the case , and this should be consistently maintained by all parties [while] allowing the child to enjoy a happy and satisfying childhood .

Whilst it is true that some mentally handicapped people suffer distress , this is equally true of other people in society .
[while] it is true that some mentally handicapped people suffer distress , this is equally true of other people in society .

The principle behind the fifty millesimal scale is the raising of the remedy 's dynamic strength whilst reducing the duration and intensity of its action by a high degree of dilution .
the principle behind the fifty millesimal scale is the raising of the remedy 's dynamic strength [while] reducing the duration and intensity of its action by a high degree of dilution .

The law might be seen to seek a balance between paternalism and liberation , accepting that whilst advancement of the autonomy interests of children to make their own decisions in respect of their own lives is an appropriate aim of the law , some restrictions are necessary to enable children to progress safely to maturity .
the law might be seen to seek a balance between paternalism and liberation , accepting that [while] advancement of the autonomy interests of children to make their own decisions in respect of their own lives is an appropriate aim of the law , some restrictions are necessary to enable children to progress safely to maturity .

In the course of this conflict it is shown that whilst much of the relevant legislation — for example , on school admissions — may emphasise individual parents ' rights , in practice it is not always easy to accommodate them .
in the course of this conflict it is shown that [while] much of the relevant legislation — for example , on school admissions — may emphasise individual parents ' rights , in practice it is not always easy to accommodate them .

The Conservative governments of the 1980s saw school admissions as a key area in which to put into practice some of the New Right ideas about introducing free market principles into the education system , whilst at the same time deriving political capital from giving some legal recognition to parents ' ‘ moral right ’ to choose how their children are educated .
the conservative governments of the 1980s saw school admissions as a key area in which to put into practice some of the new right ideas about introducing free market principles into the education system , [while] at the same time deriving political capital from giving some legal recognition to parents ' ‘ moral right ’ to choose how their children are educated .

There is a divergence of opinion on this question : Galloway , for example , argues that there is such a distinction , whilst others ( for example , the Pack Committee ) have defined all cases of non-excused absence as truancy .
there is a divergence of opinion on this question : galloway , for example , argues that there is such a distinction , [while] others ( for example , the pack committee ) have defined all cases of non-excused absence as truancy .

Whilst not advocating the imposition of a national curriculum , the Select Committee called for greater powers for the Secretary of State to intervene in circumstances where ‘ a nationally agreed guaranteed provision appears to be at risk ’ .
[while] not advocating the imposition of a national curriculum , the select committee called for greater powers for the secretary of state to intervene in circumstances where ‘ a nationally agreed guaranteed provision appears to be at risk ’ .

Raising levels of accountability ; by measuring schools against each other locally and nationally ( whilst ‘ taking account of [ a school 's ] particular circumstances ’ ) , enabling LEAs and others to assess schools ' strengths and weaknesses , through publication of National Curriculum assessments .
raising levels of accountability ; by measuring schools against each other locally and nationally ( [while] ‘ taking account of [ a school 's ] particular circumstances ’ ) , enabling leas and others to assess schools ' strengths and weaknesses , through publication of national curriculum assessments .

Whilst any legal provisions concerned with the curriculum may be said to add further legitimacy to the instillation of moral , cultural and social values by the education system ( via the so-called ‘ affective curriculum ’ ) , there are provisions associated in a particularly identifiable way with certain values — for example , those concerned with sex and race equality , which may be said to have almost universal support amongst policy-makers and practitioners .
[while] any legal provisions concerned with the curriculum may be said to add further legitimacy to the instillation of moral , cultural and social values by the education system ( via the so-called ‘ affective curriculum ’ ) , there are provisions associated in a particularly identifiable way with certain values — for example , those concerned with sex and race equality , which may be said to have almost universal support amongst policy-makers and practitioners .

The part of the 1988 Act which has upset certain religious minorities has been section 8 ( 3 ) , which states that all religious syllabuses adopted on or after 29 September 1988 must ‘ reflect the fact that the religious traditions in Great Britain are in the main Christian whilst taking account of the teaching and practices of the other principal religions represented in Great Britain ’ .
the part of the 1988 act which has upset certain religious minorities has been section 8 ( 3 ) , which states that all religious syllabuses adopted on or after 29 september 1988 must ‘ reflect the fact that the religious traditions in great britain are in the main christian [while] taking account of the teaching and practices of the other principal religions represented in great britain ’ .

But whilst these languages can be offered as subjects under the National Curriculum , it seems that the denial of an opportunity to be taught in one of these subjects across the curriculum would not per se be unlawful under the Act .
but [while] these languages can be offered as subjects under the national curriculum , it seems that the denial of an opportunity to be taught in one of these subjects across the curriculum would not per se be unlawful under the act .

So far as individual counselling on sexual matters is concerned , schools are advised that whilst pastoral care of pupils is an important aspect of the teacher 's role , parents are expected to play their part , so that if a pupil were to approach a teacher for advice the teacher should , wherever possible , encourage the pupil to seek it from his/her parent whilst at the same time warning the pupil of the risks attached to the pupil 's behaviour .
so far as individual counselling on sexual matters is concerned , schools are advised that [while] pastoral care of pupils is an important aspect of the teacher 's role , parents are expected to play their part , so that if a pupil were to approach a teacher for advice the teacher should , wherever possible , encourage the pupil to seek it from his/her parent [while] at the same time warning the pupil of the risks attached to the pupil 's behaviour .

But whilst the concern might , therefore , have been largely misplaced , it has been useful in fostering a re-examination of the way schools and LEAs maintain discipline amongst pupils and in prompting fresh research into the nature of misbehaviour in schools .
but [while] the concern might , therefore , have been largely misplaced , it has been useful in fostering a re-examination of the way schools and leas maintain discipline amongst pupils and in prompting fresh research into the nature of misbehaviour in schools .

The law simply leaves the determination of ‘ acceptable ’ standards of behaviour to the head teacher and governing body , whilst imposing a duty on the head teacher to : secure the promotion within the school of self-discipline and proper regard for authority amongst pupils ; encourage ‘ good behaviour ’ on the part of pupils ; and otherwise regulate the conduct of pupils .
the law simply leaves the determination of ‘ acceptable ’ standards of behaviour to the head teacher and governing body , [while] imposing a duty on the head teacher to : secure the promotion within the school of self-discipline and proper regard for authority amongst pupils ; encourage ‘ good behaviour ’ on the part of pupils ; and otherwise regulate the conduct of pupils .

Whilst raving , weeping , struggling in my Arms ,
[while] raving , weeping , struggling in my arms ,

Whilst labouring Boors may find more scanty draff ,
[while] labouring boors may find more scanty draff ,

The difference between them was that Soutine slunk away ashamed when he was drunk whilst Modi displayed a theatrical abandon .
the difference between them was that soutine slunk away ashamed when he was drunk [while] modi displayed a theatrical abandon .

Modigliani , engrossed in a book , holds up his hand to refuse disdainfully whilst Soutine , head in hands , looks plunged in despair .
modigliani , engrossed in a book , holds up his hand to refuse disdainfully [while] soutine , head in hands , looks plunged in despair .

In the first week a German dairy was pillaged , two Germans were battered and an Austrian student was surrounded by a hostile mob , whilst traffic came almost to a standstill .
in the first week a german dairy was pillaged , two germans were battered and an austrian student was surrounded by a hostile mob , [while] traffic came almost to a standstill .

Max Jacob was homosexual , trying desperately to look distinguished in his top hat , evening dress , spats and monocle , whilst Modi 's affairs with women were known all over the quarter .
max jacob was homosexual , trying desperately to look distinguished in his top hat , evening dress , spats and monocle , [while] modi 's affairs with women were known all over the quarter .

Modigliani read Ehrenburg sonnets by an Italian Jewish poet of the fourteenth century , Emmanuele Romano , ‘ mocking , bitter poems that were nevertheless full of the love of life ’ , Then he told Ehrenburg how in bygone days the Romans had celebrated the carnival by forcing the Jewish community to elect a Jewish runner who had to run naked three times round the city , whilst the elegant crowd of bishops , ambassadors and ladies looked on .
modigliani read ehrenburg sonnets by an italian jewish poet of the fourteenth century , emmanuele romano , ‘ mocking , bitter poems that were nevertheless full of the love of life ’ , then he told ehrenburg how in bygone days the romans had celebrated the carnival by forcing the jewish community to elect a jewish runner who had to run naked three times round the city , [while] the elegant crowd of bishops , ambassadors and ladies looked on .

Picasso was working at night and sleeping during the day , whilst Max earned the rent by taking a job in a department store .
picasso was working at night and sleeping during the day , [while] max earned the rent by taking a job in a department store .

Whilst Zborowski was still in the south of France Modigliani met Madame Zborowska in the street and asked her to pose for him .
[while] zborowski was still in the south of france modigliani met madame zborowska in the street and asked her to pose for him .

Modigliani and Ehrenburg edged towards the door whilst Rivera hoisted the stout and sturdy poet Max Voloshin from the floor as if he were a baby , but fortunately he quietened down before any damage was done .
modigliani and ehrenburg edged towards the door [while] rivera hoisted the stout and sturdy poet max voloshin from the floor as if he were a baby , but fortunately he quietened down before any damage was done .

Sometimes they sat together and worked , or Jeanne would play the violin whilst Modigliani painted .
sometimes they sat together and worked , or jeanne would play the violin [while] modigliani painted .

17,500 miles in ten years is hardly excessive and whilst standing inactive , the relay through the front chassis crossmember may have tightened up .
17,500 miles in ten years is hardly excessive and [while] standing inactive , the relay through the front chassis crossmember may have tightened up .

The moaning noise from military Land Rovers comes from the oil cooler system . They usually moan when the engine is low on oil or if the oil relief valve plunger spring has gone weak This is mounted on the top of the oil cooler between the union and the pipe Removing the spring and replacing with a new one or sometimes stretching the spring cures the groaning noise Whilst the groan sounds awful it is not actually detrimental to the operation of the vehicle
the moaning noise from military land rovers comes from the oil cooler system . they usually moan when the engine is low on oil or if the oil relief valve plunger spring has gone weak this is mounted on the top of the oil cooler between the union and the pipe removing the spring and replacing with a new one or sometimes stretching the spring cures the groaning noise [while] the groan sounds awful it is not actually detrimental to the operation of the vehicle

The compression figures , whilst not particularly low , suggest that it may be camshaft wear .
the compression figures , [while] not particularly low , suggest that it may be camshaft wear .

The most relaxing way to spend an evening is up to your neck in salt water , honest ! ! Especially if the water is as hot as a bath , and you can pop into the sauna , have a shower , then a cool drink wrapped in your personal towelling robe whilst lounging on comfy chairs watching other people getting pickled . If you have n't already been put off , come on the outing to ;
the most relaxing way to spend an evening is up to your neck in salt water , honest ! ! especially if the water is as hot as a bath , and you can pop into the sauna , have a shower , then a cool drink wrapped in your personal towelling robe [while] lounging on comfy chairs watching other people getting pickled . if you have n't already been put off , come on the outing to ;

For whilst other industries could relatively easily dispose of their waste materials , this was out of the question for most of the nuclear industry 's leftovers .
for [while] other industries could relatively easily dispose of their waste materials , this was out of the question for most of the nuclear industry 's leftovers .

’ Particular criticism was levelled at the industry for planning massive expansion of the nuclear power programme whilst paying scant attention to the waste which would accumulate .
’ particular criticism was levelled at the industry for planning massive expansion of the nuclear power programme [while] paying scant attention to the waste which would accumulate .

Whilst the search for a high-level waste burial site had been shelved , a climax was also being reached over the vexed issue of sea dumping .
[while] the search for a high-level waste burial site had been shelved , a climax was also being reached over the vexed issue of sea dumping .

At its 1983 meeting a moratorium was agreed whilst further scientific research was carried out .
at its 1983 meeting a moratorium was agreed [while] further scientific research was carried out .

In Somerset , for example , it was enough for one local newspaper to warn that Exmoor was a ‘ potential nuclear dump ’ , whilst another pinpointed the Polden Hills north of Bridgwater as the ‘ nuclear graveyard ’ .
in somerset , for example , it was enough for one local newspaper to warn that exmoor was a ‘ potential nuclear dump ’ , [while] another pinpointed the polden hills north of bridgwater as the ‘ nuclear graveyard ’ .

The price of freshly mined uranium had fallen to a point where recycling spent uranium fuel made no sense , whilst the prospect of the plutonium being used in a fast breeder reactor was a distant hope .
the price of freshly mined uranium had fallen to a point where recycling spent uranium fuel made no sense , [while] the prospect of the plutonium being used in a fast breeder reactor was a distant hope .

Whilst public protest and scientific concern have concentrated on the dangers of the industry 's radioactive threat , and others have challenged the strategic arguments , the economics have remained the preserve of a few academic critics who have been prepared to tussle with the limited information available .
[while] public protest and scientific concern have concentrated on the dangers of the industry 's radioactive threat , and others have challenged the strategic arguments , the economics have remained the preserve of a few academic critics who have been prepared to tussle with the limited information available .

This is that whilst nuclear plants may be more expensive than other types to construct in the first place , they are potentially very cheap to run .
this is that [while] nuclear plants may be more expensive than other types to construct in the first place , they are potentially very cheap to run .

By contrast , whilst coal stations ( the main alternative historically in Britain ) are cheaper to build , their running costs — with vast tonnages of the black stuff to be daily transported and fed into their bowels — are considerably higher .
by contrast , [while] coal stations ( the main alternative historically in britain ) are cheaper to build , their running costs — with vast tonnages of the black stuff to be daily transported and fed into their bowels — are considerably higher .

Whilst this use of ‘ creative ’ accountancy may have helped to avoid the harsh reality of nuclear power 's burdensome construction charges , there have also been major problems in the area of running costs .
[while] this use of ‘ creative ’ accountancy may have helped to avoid the harsh reality of nuclear power 's burdensome construction charges , there have also been major problems in the area of running costs .

As a party of French anglers did , whilst staying at the Grant Arms , Monymusk , in May 1987 for three days .
as a party of french anglers did , [while] staying at the grant arms , monymusk , in may 1987 for three days .

Aberdeenshire farmers , who know a thing or six about land , will tell you that ‘ a mile o ' Dons worth twa o ' Dee ’ and whilst the Dee is crystal clear , Don tends to be more coloured and weedy .
aberdeenshire farmers , who know a thing or six about land , will tell you that ‘ a mile o ' dons worth twa o ' dee ’ and [while] the dee is crystal clear , don tends to be more coloured and weedy .

The boat is rowed slowly round the lough whilst an angler sitting in the stern casts out at right angles .
the boat is rowed slowly round the lough [while] an angler sitting in the stern casts out at right angles .

If you value the quality of Caithness game fishing , and the beauty of Scotland 's wild and lonely places , write to Scottish Secretary , Malcolm Rifkind , St Andrews House , Edinburgh , demanding that all further planting in the Flow Country be stopped , immediately , whilst there is still something left to be saved .
if you value the quality of caithness game fishing , and the beauty of scotland 's wild and lonely places , write to scottish secretary , malcolm rifkind , st andrews house , edinburgh , demanding that all further planting in the flow country be stopped , immediately , [while] there is still something left to be saved .

He hooked and landed an enormous conger eel , whilst fishing from one of the boats in the harbour .
he hooked and landed an enormous conger eel , [while] fishing from one of the boats in the harbour .

We walked the town walls , whilst Jessie Young told us breathtaking stories of battered Berwick 's stormy history .
we walked the town walls , [while] jessie young told us breathtaking stories of battered berwick 's stormy history .

Mother was dressed more for sun-bathing than fishing , a homemade top being held in position whilst she tried to master the art of casting — much to the discomfort of an angler nearby ; one of the old school : tie , sports jacket , plus fours , deer stalker and gillie .
mother was dressed more for sun-bathing than fishing , a homemade top being held in position [while] she tried to master the art of casting — much to the discomfort of an angler nearby ; one of the old school : tie , sports jacket , plus fours , deer stalker and gillie .

Father rushed down and began yelling instructions ; the gentleman and his gillie just stood , mouths open , hardly believing what they were seeing , as Mother struggled and splashed in the river , fighting the salmon with one hand whilst struggling to remain decent with the other .
father rushed down and began yelling instructions ; the gentleman and his gillie just stood , mouths open , hardly believing what they were seeing , as mother struggled and splashed in the river , fighting the salmon with one hand [while] struggling to remain decent with the other .

For some reason , best known to himself , rather than quickly tailing the fish , Father chose that moment to give Mother a lecture on the life-cycle of salmon , pointing out various aspects of salmon anatomy whilst doing so .
for some reason , best known to himself , rather than quickly tailing the fish , father chose that moment to give mother a lecture on the life-cycle of salmon , pointing out various aspects of salmon anatomy [while] doing so .

North Uist is almost more water than land ; Benbecula , a sparkling silver-blue maze ; whilst the South Uist machair plains are adorned with some of Europe 's finest sea-trout and brown trout lochs .
north uist is almost more water than land ; benbecula , a sparkling silver-blue maze ; [while] the south uist machair plains are adorned with some of europe 's finest sea-trout and brown trout lochs .

Whilst Flora and Lady Clanranald prepared the disguise Prince Charles was to adopt as Flora 's maid , Betty Burke , the Prince was brought to Rossinish , and a boat organised with oarsmen , to carry the party ‘ Over the sea to Skye ’ .
[while] flora and lady clanranald prepared the disguise prince charles was to adopt as flora 's maid , betty burke , the prince was brought to rossinish , and a boat organised with oarsmen , to carry the party ‘ over the sea to skye ’ .

One Easter , whilst visiting Benbecula , my thoughtful daughter-in-law , Barbara , suggested a fishing picnic to Stilligarry .
one easter , [while] visiting benbecula , my thoughtful daughter-in-law , barbara , suggested a fishing picnic to stilligarry .

Many a trout angler has had a red-letter day on Loch Awe , suddenly encountering a sea-liced silver salmon whilst trout fishing ; then having the thrill and excitement of playing the fish on light tackle .
many a trout angler has had a red-letter day on loch awe , suddenly encountering a sea-liced silver salmon [while] trout fishing ; then having the thrill and excitement of playing the fish on light tackle .

Whilst other nations wrestle with the complex problems of a modern democracy , the questions of press ownership , the funding of political parties , wire-tapping , privacy , freedom of information , the control of the security services , and so on , Britain has been content either to stand aside altogether or to legislate for continuing trust and deference .
[while] other nations wrestle with the complex problems of a modern democracy , the questions of press ownership , the funding of political parties , wire-tapping , privacy , freedom of information , the control of the security services , and so on , britain has been content either to stand aside altogether or to legislate for continuing trust and deference .

Whilst driving through London , Stephen Waldorf was shot several times and severely injured by officers who confused him with another person whom they said they were seeking to capture .
[while] driving through london , stephen waldorf was shot several times and severely injured by officers who confused him with another person whom they said they were seeking to capture .

The real value of the results actually achieved has been a most gratifying surprise to everyone concerned , and it is easy , after the event , to reflect wisely upon the fact that a large percentage of the men must have served a long and painful apprenticeship , whilst on Military Service , to the art of transforming swamps into ‘ better 'oles ’ .
the real value of the results actually achieved has been a most gratifying surprise to everyone concerned , and it is easy , after the event , to reflect wisely upon the fact that a large percentage of the men must have served a long and painful apprenticeship , [while] on military service , to the art of transforming swamps into ‘ better 'oles ’ .

By the eleventh century , Al Andalus was populated by an extremely heterogeneous mass , part of which was still Christian whilst another part was half Moslem .
by the eleventh century , al andalus was populated by an extremely heterogeneous mass , part of which was still christian [while] another part was half moslem .

Guisarmes ( top ) were used to great effect as thrusting and cutting weapons on long shafts whilst ( above ) the cultellus was used to administer the coup de grace to unhorsed knights , and the war scythe and glaive to pull the horseman from his saddle .
guisarmes ( top ) were used to great effect as thrusting and cutting weapons on long shafts [while] ( above ) the cultellus was used to administer the coup de grace to unhorsed knights , and the war scythe and glaive to pull the horseman from his saddle .

Relief portrait of Barbarossa , mounted , whilst crusading to rescue Jerusalem from the Saracens .
relief portrait of barbarossa , mounted , [while] crusading to rescue jerusalem from the saracens .

It had been left to a nephew of Lucy Trigg 's , also a naval man , who put it in the hands of a London estate agent to sell for him whilst he was abroad .
it had been left to a nephew of lucy trigg 's , also a naval man , who put it in the hands of a london estate agent to sell for him [while] he was abroad .

She bent down to retrieve the best china from the floor , whilst Ray picked up teaspoons with one hand and dabbed at the goat 's milk with the other holding his handkerchief .
she bent down to retrieve the best china from the floor , [while] ray picked up teaspoons with one hand and dabbed at the goat 's milk with the other holding his handkerchief .

Miss Fogerty sipped her tea whilst the headmistress read her correspondence .
miss fogerty sipped her tea [while] the headmistress read her correspondence .

He surveyed the spots in silence , whilst the patient awaited the worst .
he surveyed the spots in silence , [while] the patient awaited the worst .

He admired her efforts to make a little money by freelance writing , whilst awaiting a divorce from the husband who had deserted her .
he admired her efforts to make a little money by freelance writing , [while] awaiting a divorce from the husband who had deserted her .

Four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off whilst attempting to retain her purse , containing just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .
four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off [while] attempting to retain her purse , containing just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .

John pulling crackers , and showing Jeremy the small fireworks inside — setting fire to the ‘ serpent 's egg ’ , waving a minute sparkler , making a flaming paper balloon rise to the ceiling , whilst Jeremy applauded excitedly .
john pulling crackers , and showing jeremy the small fireworks inside — setting fire to the ‘ serpent 's egg ’ , waving a minute sparkler , making a flaming paper balloon rise to the ceiling , [while] jeremy applauded excitedly .

The latest excuse offered by one firm whose recently installed system woke the neighbourhood at 2am whilst the owners were away , was that spiders were crawling across the sensor , or moths were flying across it !
the latest excuse offered by one firm whose recently installed system woke the neighbourhood at 2am [while] the owners were away , was that spiders were crawling across the sensor , or moths were flying across it !

According to the Concise Oxford Dictionary , to ‘ build ’ means to ‘ construct by putting parts or material together ’ , whilst ‘ environment ’ means ‘ surrounding objects , region or conditions ’ .
according to the concise oxford dictionary , to ‘ build ’ means to ‘ construct by putting parts or material together ’ , [while] ‘ environment ’ means ‘ surrounding objects , region or conditions ’ .

Durham 's advent provides a new lease of life for a few senior pros whilst the local talent is gradually integrated .
durham 's advent provides a new lease of life for a few senior pros [while] the local talent is gradually integrated .

Yorkshiremen Don Mosey ( left ) and Fred Trueman demonstrate their own culture , using the microphone as a plate whilst commentating .
yorkshiremen don mosey ( left ) and fred trueman demonstrate their own culture , using the microphone as a plate [while] commentating .

whilst living at a distance from them .
[while] living at a distance from them .

It is always a matter of surprise for people who belong to nations with written constitutions to discover that whilst the British enjoy many freedoms their constitution is not a written one .
it is always a matter of surprise for people who belong to nations with written constitutions to discover that [while] the british enjoy many freedoms their constitution is not a written one .

Many people consider that the failure adequately to protest at the rise of European Fascism in the 1920s and 1930s was a failure of moral duty , whilst others point out that protesting was a highly dangerous business which led to imprisonment , to torture , and to death .
many people consider that the failure adequately to protest at the rise of european fascism in the 1920s and 1930s was a failure of moral duty , [while] others point out that protesting was a highly dangerous business which led to imprisonment , to torture , and to death .

In such circumstances , it seemed surprising that the Report should recommend the repeal of the Obscene Publications Act and consequent decriminalisation of all forms of publication other than those narrowly defined as causing actual harm to performers , whilst urging for films , and films alone , the continuation of an administrative system of prior restraint .
in such circumstances , it seemed surprising that the report should recommend the repeal of the obscene publications act and consequent decriminalisation of all forms of publication other than those narrowly defined as causing actual harm to performers , [while] urging for films , and films alone , the continuation of an administrative system of prior restraint .

Whilst Charles and Prince Rupert were invited to enter the city 's gates the majority of the armed forces were ordered to remain outside .
[while] charles and prince rupert were invited to enter the city 's gates the majority of the armed forces were ordered to remain outside .

To mark the raising of the standard on 22 August , the Royal Armouries Saker gun will be fired on the Castle green whilst the Sealed Knot Society will re-enact the event at 6.00pm .
to mark the raising of the standard on 22 august , the royal armouries saker gun will be fired on the castle green [while] the sealed knot society will re-enact the event at 6.00pm .

As matters stand , some 27.4 per cent of my sexuality is of the Grecian or musical persuasion ; 71.6 prefers a quiet evening in with nothing more erotic than a gardening magazine and a steaming mug of Mr Horlicks 's malted beverage , whilst the remaining one per cent has become attached to one of Miss Esther Rantzen 's saucy root vegetables .
as matters stand , some 27.4 per cent of my sexuality is of the grecian or musical persuasion ; 71.6 prefers a quiet evening in with nothing more erotic than a gardening magazine and a steaming mug of mr horlicks 's malted beverage , [while] the remaining one per cent has become attached to one of miss esther rantzen 's saucy root vegetables .

Whilst there are many types of heart disease , the most common and the most tragic is the type that causes heart attacks and is called coronary heart disease . Here 's how it comes about :
[while] there are many types of heart disease , the most common and the most tragic is the type that causes heart attacks and is called coronary heart disease . here 's how it comes about :

Whilst high blood pressure is rare among young people it is common among those over thirty-five , no doubt caused by following an unhealthy lifestyle — eating too much , consuming too much alcohol , having too much salt in our food , smoking , lack of exercise , and suffering from too much stress .
[while] high blood pressure is rare among young people it is common among those over thirty-five , no doubt caused by following an unhealthy lifestyle — eating too much , consuming too much alcohol , having too much salt in our food , smoking , lack of exercise , and suffering from too much stress .

Whilst exercise is regularly advocated as essential to a healthy heart this recommendation is often misunderstood .
[while] exercise is regularly advocated as essential to a healthy heart this recommendation is often misunderstood .

And whilst it is impossible to state categorically that heart disease can be caused by eating too much fat , in recent investigations it was observed that among the groups of people who consumed high amounts of fat the incidence of heart attack was far higher than among those who followed a low fat diet .
and [while] it is impossible to state categorically that heart disease can be caused by eating too much fat , in recent investigations it was observed that among the groups of people who consumed high amounts of fat the incidence of heart attack was far higher than among those who followed a low fat diet .

Hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the condition of their hair had actually improved whilst almost all the remainder reported no deterioration whatsoever .
hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the condition of their hair had actually improved [while] almost all the remainder reported no deterioration whatsoever .

In fact 31 stated the condition of their nails had definitely improved whilst the majority of the remainder reported no change in the condition .
in fact 31 stated the condition of their nails had definitely improved [while] the majority of the remainder reported no change in the condition .

So here we see again that whilst most diets are ineffective in reducing inches and cellulite , my new diet again came up trumps .
so here we see again that [while] most diets are ineffective in reducing inches and cellulite , my new diet again came up trumps .

Whilst running a marathon requires a great deal of stamina , yoga is undoubtedly the best way to improve suppleness while weight-lifting obviously develops strength .
[while] running a marathon requires a great deal of stamina , yoga is undoubtedly the best way to improve suppleness while weight-lifting obviously develops strength .

Certain exercises can have the effect of developing muscles to an excessive degree — for instance cycling , whilst good for the thighs and hips , will possibly overdevelop the calf muscles .
certain exercises can have the effect of developing muscles to an excessive degree — for instance cycling , [while] good for the thighs and hips , will possibly overdevelop the calf muscles .

Whilst individuals in the company privately admit to knowing little about ‘ race and racism ’ , a major research contract which did not go out to open tender is safely located in an institution which can only with a degree of implausibility don the cloak of academic neutrality .
[while] individuals in the company privately admit to knowing little about ‘ race and racism ’ , a major research contract which did not go out to open tender is safely located in an institution which can only with a degree of implausibility don the cloak of academic neutrality .

Mel Thompson ( chapter 9 ) goes some way towards rescuing the term , arguing that whilst the trumpeting of particular forms of entrepreneurial success is dangerous because it can be used to locate the blame for economic distress on the victims of economic disruptions , it is equally worthwhile not disparaging a broad set of practices that qualify under a more conventional definition of this term .
mel thompson ( chapter 9 ) goes some way towards rescuing the term , arguing that [while] the trumpeting of particular forms of entrepreneurial success is dangerous because it can be used to locate the blame for economic distress on the victims of economic disruptions , it is equally worthwhile not disparaging a broad set of practices that qualify under a more conventional definition of this term .

This balance , which celebrates the survival of Black communities in situations of great hardship , whilst not losing sight of the economic circumstances in which urban poverty is generated , needs to be emphasised because it undermines the pernicious popularity of cultural stereotypes .
this balance , which celebrates the survival of black communities in situations of great hardship , [while] not losing sight of the economic circumstances in which urban poverty is generated , needs to be emphasised because it undermines the pernicious popularity of cultural stereotypes .

Whilst this partnership should ensure that social housing provision does not simply remain a well-intentioned plan , two cautionary notes about social housing provision generally need sounding .
[while] this partnership should ensure that social housing provision does not simply remain a well-intentioned plan , two cautionary notes about social housing provision generally need sounding .

For the Carnegies , Mellons and Heinzs were built substantial brick mansions up the slope from the river whilst the clapboard terraced houses on the riverside were occupied by mostly Eastern European immigrants drawn by work in the steel mills .
for the carnegies , mellons and heinzs were built substantial brick mansions up the slope from the river [while] the clapboard terraced houses on the riverside were occupied by mostly eastern european immigrants drawn by work in the steel mills .

Its neighbouring census tract to the north exhibited diametrically opposite trends , suggesting that whilst one area improved another declined .
its neighbouring census tract to the north exhibited diametrically opposite trends , suggesting that [while] one area improved another declined .

The above average increases in 20–45 year olds and college-educated residents were evident in Allegheny West , Central North Side and Manchester , whilst East Allegheny experienced the latter .
the above average increases in 20–45 year olds and college-educated residents were evident in allegheny west , central north side and manchester , [while] east allegheny experienced the latter .

Of the first bond issue ( and by far the most significant in terms of funds raised : $ 20 million ) , 39 per cent was allocated to investors ( individual loans averaging $ 57,064 ) whilst 61 per cent was allocated to owner-occupants ( individual loans averaging $ 40,342 ) .
of the first bond issue ( and by far the most significant in terms of funds raised : $ 20 million ) , 39 per cent was allocated to investors ( individual loans averaging $ 57,064 ) [while] 61 per cent was allocated to owner-occupants ( individual loans averaging $ 40,342 ) .

Of EPLs made , 56 per cent were made to investors ( average loan $ 20,235 ) whilst 44 per cent were made to owner-occupiers ( average loan $ 9,063 ) .
of epls made , 56 per cent were made to investors ( average loan $ 20,235 ) [while] 44 per cent were made to owner-occupiers ( average loan $ 9,063 ) .

East Allegheny displays the most glaring disparity as , whilst it contains one quarter of all North Side dwellings , total investment represents around one eighth of all North Side loans made .
east allegheny displays the most glaring disparity as , [while] it contains one quarter of all north side dwellings , total investment represents around one eighth of all north side loans made .

Whilst Manchester shows exceptionally high expenditure on a relatively large number of properties , Central North Side and East Allegheny show selective investment ( that is , higher amounts on fewer properties ) .
[while] manchester shows exceptionally high expenditure on a relatively large number of properties , central north side and east allegheny show selective investment ( that is , higher amounts on fewer properties ) .

In Allegheny West and East Allegheny public and private investment was contemporaneous after 1981 , whilst private investment led public in Manchester and California Kirkbride .
in allegheny west and east allegheny public and private investment was contemporaneous after 1981 , [while] private investment led public in manchester and california kirkbride .

Whilst renters were encouraged to participate in the neighbourhood and its organisation , lack of involvement by this group resulted in the membership being comprised of owner-occupants of long standing .
[while] renters were encouraged to participate in the neighbourhood and its organisation , lack of involvement by this group resulted in the membership being comprised of owner-occupants of long standing .

And today 's slippery aerodynamics , whilst improving a vehicle 's penetration through the air , actually divert the flow of cooling air away from the engine bay .
and today 's slippery aerodynamics , [while] improving a vehicle 's penetration through the air , actually divert the flow of cooling air away from the engine bay .

All new cars since October 1990 are manufactured to do so , whilst some older cars may need a simple adjustment to their engine timing .
all new cars since october 1990 are manufactured to do so , [while] some older cars may need a simple adjustment to their engine timing .

Every year about 70 children are killed and more than 12,000 are injured whilst travelling in cars .
every year about 70 children are killed and more than 12,000 are injured [while] travelling in cars .

Some workers are supported by strong trade unions whilst others have only weak unions or are not unionised at all .
some workers are supported by strong trade unions [while] others have only weak unions or are not unionised at all .

As well as causing a breakdown in the economic system , the inflation led to a spread of corruption ; it meant humiliation for many thousands of families , whilst a few successful speculators found themselves with untold wealth .
as well as causing a breakdown in the economic system , the inflation led to a spread of corruption ; it meant humiliation for many thousands of families , [while] a few successful speculators found themselves with untold wealth .

The obligatory formation air-to-air session was completed without difficulty as the Aircoupe , whilst not having the fastest set of control and throttle responses in the world , is nonetheless quite easy to place accurately .
the obligatory formation air-to-air session was completed without difficulty as the aircoupe , [while] not having the fastest set of control and throttle responses in the world , is nonetheless quite easy to place accurately .

Whilst BAe will not be drawn on likely candidates , rival Dassault ( which made an unsuccessful bid for Cessna ) is expected to show interest , as might Bombardier , which already owns business jet manufacturers Canadair and Learjet .
[while] bae will not be drawn on likely candidates , rival dassault ( which made an unsuccessful bid for cessna ) is expected to show interest , as might bombardier , which already owns business jet manufacturers canadair and learjet .

Whilst still climbing in cloud the aircraft hit high ground , near the top of Clough Head at 2,200 feet ams !
[while] still climbing in cloud the aircraft hit high ground , near the top of clough head at 2,200 feet ams !

For example , whilst a younger child will stick paper , cloth , seeds and leaves apparently haphazardly onto a piece of paper , the more mature child may divide his paper by folding or making crayon lines and use scissors to cut materials to the size and shape he wants .
for example , [while] a younger child will stick paper , cloth , seeds and leaves apparently haphazardly onto a piece of paper , the more mature child may divide his paper by folding or making crayon lines and use scissors to cut materials to the size and shape he wants .

Wet sand can be moulded , whilst dry sand is much more elusive .
wet sand can be moulded , [while] dry sand is much more elusive .

If , however , there is no attempt to copy a pattern , there is often more appreciation of shape in whatever is made — like the four-year-old who made a triangular shape from three strips and correctly named it , whilst another boy ( 3.9 ) named the second shape ( a square ) when he added a fourth strip to the original three .
if , however , there is no attempt to copy a pattern , there is often more appreciation of shape in whatever is made — like the four-year-old who made a triangular shape from three strips and correctly named it , [while] another boy ( 3.9 ) named the second shape ( a square ) when he added a fourth strip to the original three .

Whilst riding , children are experiencing various speeds and directions which are influenced by their own body weight and steering ability .
[while] riding , children are experiencing various speeds and directions which are influenced by their own body weight and steering ability .

Whilst digging in , and planting and weeding the garden , children are bound to find many small creatures , and there are countless opportunities to discuss these .
[while] digging in , and planting and weeding the garden , children are bound to find many small creatures , and there are countless opportunities to discuss these .

Gillian ( 4.6 ) was one of three children playing in the large paddling pool in the garden , when she commented ( whilst gently stirring the water with her feet ) , ‘ Oh , the water 's heavier than my feet . ’
gillian ( 4.6 ) was one of three children playing in the large paddling pool in the garden , when she commented ( [while] gently stirring the water with her feet ) , ‘ oh , the water 's heavier than my feet . ’

He noted that whilst his responses were ‘ accompanied by a considerable body of information regarding induction and development training , there was very little specifically on job training ’ .
he noted that [while] his responses were ‘ accompanied by a considerable body of information regarding induction and development training , there was very little specifically on job training ’ .

Because of this the training given may be spasmodic and may follow no organised pattern , the trainee only being taught items as and when the need occurs , whilst some areas of the work may be neglected altogether , and never be officially taught to the trainee .
because of this the training given may be spasmodic and may follow no organised pattern , the trainee only being taught items as and when the need occurs , [while] some areas of the work may be neglected altogether , and never be officially taught to the trainee .

Although three authorities objected to even hypothetically assuming that sufficient resources ( which they defined as money ) would be available , the extent to which respondents mentioned insufficient staff to cover staff absent from normal duties whilst attending off-the-job training ( rather than lack of any other resource ) , was striking .
although three authorities objected to even hypothetically assuming that sufficient resources ( which they defined as money ) would be available , the extent to which respondents mentioned insufficient staff to cover staff absent from normal duties [while] attending off-the-job training ( rather than lack of any other resource ) , was striking .

‘ Develop a more comprehensive policy and programme ’ … ‘ Second priority ( after a full-time training officer ) would be the development of a more complete training strategy ’ … ‘ Develop more comprehensive programmes for personal development of all staff , ensure adequate recording and controlling systems ’ … ‘ The training , whilst extensive , needs pulling together more and aims and objectives in some cases need to be redefined ’ … ‘ Plan to institute formal training programmes for all staff with system of record keeping and control by designated senior librarian ’ … ‘ By creating structured programmes for different types of levels of staff ’ .
‘ develop a more comprehensive policy and programme ’ … ‘ second priority ( after a full-time training officer ) would be the development of a more complete training strategy ’ … ‘ develop more comprehensive programmes for personal development of all staff , ensure adequate recording and controlling systems ’ … ‘ the training , [while] extensive , needs pulling together more and aims and objectives in some cases need to be redefined ’ … ‘ plan to institute formal training programmes for all staff with system of record keeping and control by designated senior librarian ’ … ‘ by creating structured programmes for different types of levels of staff ’ .

There were no serious incidents in the 1947 winter , such as people losing their way and dying of cold , although a Mr Sowerby on the other side of the dale died suddenly whilst helping a neighbour .
there were no serious incidents in the 1947 winter , such as people losing their way and dying of cold , although a mr sowerby on the other side of the dale died suddenly [while] helping a neighbour .

He delivered the letters and ran a little bit of a farm he owned , whilst his wife looked after the Post Office .
he delivered the letters and ran a little bit of a farm he owned , [while] his wife looked after the post office .

Whilst my parents undoubtedly loved all their children , and would vehemently deny showing favouritism towards one in particular … all of us knew better .
[while] my parents undoubtedly loved all their children , and would vehemently deny showing favouritism towards one in particular … all of us knew better .

Their personalities were mediocre , whilst Carl and Sam 's were the antithesis — to the extreme .
their personalities were mediocre , [while] carl and sam 's were the antithesis — to the extreme .

Though he ultimately lost his head under the executioner 's axe , whilst that head was on his shoulders he did use it well .
though he ultimately lost his head under the executioner 's axe , [while] that head was on his shoulders he did use it well .

Whilst the reasons for this can not be established with certainty , there is evidence of some migration of the elderly out of the control area since the figures used in the selection were compiled ; there is also some reporting of general practitioners being more ready to refer patients living in the action than the control area .
[while] the reasons for this can not be established with certainty , there is evidence of some migration of the elderly out of the control area since the figures used in the selection were compiled ; there is also some reporting of general practitioners being more ready to refer patients living in the action than the control area .

Historically local government in England and Wales is a fascinating subject and from its study it will be found that local government whilst not quite as we know it today , existed for centuries before the first parliament was ever convened .
historically local government in england and wales is a fascinating subject and from its study it will be found that local government [while] not quite as we know it today , existed for centuries before the first parliament was ever convened .

Whilst these local authorities were developing in form , other bodies were set up to administer special functions .
[while] these local authorities were developing in form , other bodies were set up to administer special functions .

Whilst local authorities are losing certain duties , at the same time others are being added and developed .
[while] local authorities are losing certain duties , at the same time others are being added and developed .

In practice most councils adopt a policy of partial delegation , so that routine matters may be dealt with expeditiously by the committees , whilst matters of major importance and controversial issues are referred to the full council for decision .
in practice most councils adopt a policy of partial delegation , so that routine matters may be dealt with expeditiously by the committees , [while] matters of major importance and controversial issues are referred to the full council for decision .

Whilst the law does not require disclosure of such an interest , as it does with the financial one , it may be prudent to indicate the existence of the interest and , because of it to withdraw from active consideration of the issue .
[while] the law does not require disclosure of such an interest , as it does with the financial one , it may be prudent to indicate the existence of the interest and , because of it to withdraw from active consideration of the issue .

Whilst the councillors determine policy , they can not do this to the full without the constant advice and help of the chief officers .
[while] the councillors determine policy , they can not do this to the full without the constant advice and help of the chief officers .

Whilst this is expecting a great deal for such groups , a measure of personal ministry to the individual plus group ministry to one another would seem to preserve the right balance .
[while] this is expecting a great deal for such groups , a measure of personal ministry to the individual plus group ministry to one another would seem to preserve the right balance .

He argues that this service is much more appropriately organized at local level , where demand for the theatre of books can be stimulated , whilst the information function operates essentially at national level , in response to demand .
he argues that this service is much more appropriately organized at local level , where demand for the theatre of books can be stimulated , [while] the information function operates essentially at national level , in response to demand .

Whilst most user groups can be identified with relative ease , the various types of material or service often resist clear definition .
[while] most user groups can be identified with relative ease , the various types of material or service often resist clear definition .

Graham ( whose chapter on budgeting and allocating is essential reading ) reports a survey of 23 university libraries he carried out in 1985 , in which 14 of the library grants covered only non-staffing costs ( books , periodicals , binding and operational money ) , whilst the other nine included staffing , though usually with severe limitations on virement between staffing and other sub-heads .
graham ( whose chapter on budgeting and allocating is essential reading ) reports a survey of 23 university libraries he carried out in 1985 , in which 14 of the library grants covered only non-staffing costs ( books , periodicals , binding and operational money ) , [while] the other nine included staffing , though usually with severe limitations on virement between staffing and other sub-heads .

However , these underlying guidelines , whilst helpful in a general way , do not provide enough specific information to guide book provision in any detail .
however , these underlying guidelines , [while] helpful in a general way , do not provide enough specific information to guide book provision in any detail .

Hillingdon 's thesis was that ‘ unexpressed needs ’ , though felt , had not been seen in terms of a library solution , whilst in the case of ‘ unactivated need ’ the library stimulated demand for needs which had not even been felt .
hillingdon 's thesis was that ‘ unexpressed needs ’ , though felt , had not been seen in terms of a library solution , [while] in the case of ‘ unactivated need ’ the library stimulated demand for needs which had not even been felt .

The method seems quite popular , and usually seems to reflect the pattern of use whilst seriously underestimating the amount .
the method seems quite popular , and usually seems to reflect the pattern of use [while] seriously underestimating the amount .

Remote storage , with rudimentary heating , lighting and shelving , permits a considerable reduction in the costs of housing stock , whilst sacrificing the facility of immediate access .
remote storage , with rudimentary heating , lighting and shelving , permits a considerable reduction in the costs of housing stock , [while] sacrificing the facility of immediate access .

There are just over 100 members of the Library Booksellers Group , but half of these are local retail shops selling to one or two local libraries , whilst others are mainly retail shops with some public library accounts .
there are just over 100 members of the library booksellers group , but half of these are local retail shops selling to one or two local libraries , [while] others are mainly retail shops with some public library accounts .

Most of the fleet dated from pre-war days and whilst overseas manufacturers could supply new cars , they were unduly sophisticated and prohibitively expensive .
most of the fleet dated from pre-war days and [while] overseas manufacturers could supply new cars , they were unduly sophisticated and prohibitively expensive .

Much of the material extracted now is ground down for various manufacturing purposes , whilst there is a lively trade in making slate ornaments for the tourist industry .
much of the material extracted now is ground down for various manufacturing purposes , [while] there is a lively trade in making slate ornaments for the tourist industry .

His niece Marguerite , whose marriage to Vendale Obenreizer tries unsuccessfully to prevent , plays a leading part in rescuing her lover from the Alpine chasm into which he has fallen whilst struggling with Obenreizer .
his niece marguerite , whose marriage to vendale obenreizer tries unsuccessfully to prevent , plays a leading part in rescuing her lover from the alpine chasm into which he has fallen [while] struggling with obenreizer .

He marries Julia Maplesone , whose extravagance lands him in the Fleet Prison , and who deserts him whilst he is there .
he marries julia maplesone , whose extravagance lands him in the fleet prison , and who deserts him [while] he is there .

The Boffins take care of him when Betty goes away , and disguised as a dustman , he keeps an eye on Wegg whilst Boffin 's mounds are cleared to see that nothing is stolen .
the boffins take care of him when betty goes away , and disguised as a dustman , he keeps an eye on wegg [while] boffin 's mounds are cleared to see that nothing is stolen .

The surface is comparable with cast epoxy resins for chemical and stain resistance , whilst offering the mechanical qualities of solid phenolics .
the surface is comparable with cast epoxy resins for chemical and stain resistance , [while] offering the mechanical qualities of solid phenolics .

The 19600–00 features conductivity , resistivity and temperature measurement ability whilst the 19600–10 can measure conductivity , resistivity , temperature and salinity .
the 19600–00 features conductivity , resistivity and temperature measurement ability [while] the 19600–10 can measure conductivity , resistivity , temperature and salinity .

Whilst variational methods at least provide us with upper bounds , many modern approaches such as the use of many-body perturbation theory are non-variational .
[while] variational methods at least provide us with upper bounds , many modern approaches such as the use of many-body perturbation theory are non-variational .

No government warning on food issued over the past few years has been rescinded , but most people prefer to forget them , whilst sources of food poisoning remain unstopped .
no government warning on food issued over the past few years has been rescinded , but most people prefer to forget them , [while] sources of food poisoning remain unstopped .

In the north the Dowsing Fault-Zone forms the edge of the strongly-inverted Sole Pit Trough whilst the Swarte Bank Hinge is described as a ‘ synclinal flexure ’ .
in the north the dowsing fault-zone forms the edge of the strongly-inverted sole pit trough [while] the swarte bank hinge is described as a ‘ synclinal flexure ’ .

Further into the basin significant gas generation began in the Triassic or early Jurassic whilst maximum generation was attained during the early to late Jurassic .
further into the basin significant gas generation began in the triassic or early jurassic [while] maximum generation was attained during the early to late jurassic .

Whilst accepting that this is an oversimplification of a process that includes a sophisticated method of calculating relative costs ( ie the weighted factors ) , it nonetheless indicated how the further education process could be improved , assuming that Colleges could enhance their income level once the majority of constraints on local operations were removed .
[while] accepting that this is an oversimplification of a process that includes a sophisticated method of calculating relative costs ( ie the weighted factors ) , it nonetheless indicated how the further education process could be improved , assuming that colleges could enhance their income level once the majority of constraints on local operations were removed .

However , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business functions ) , whilst dependent on the administrative services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the College and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies etc , and the public .
however , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business functions ) , [while] dependent on the administrative services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the college and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies etc , and the public .

Whilst recognising the need to introduce measures that would make Colleges more self-supporting , it was considered unrealistic to expect such measures to be effective immediately .
[while] recognising the need to introduce measures that would make colleges more self-supporting , it was considered unrealistic to expect such measures to be effective immediately .

The example in Fig 13.5 shows a replenishment procedure for a stationery store , viewed by a user in terms of the timescale of delivery , quality of the order , and potential deficiencies , whilst the storeman has subjective feelings about his own status , wages , and so on .
the example in fig 13.5 shows a replenishment procedure for a stationery store , viewed by a user in terms of the timescale of delivery , quality of the order , and potential deficiencies , [while] the storeman has subjective feelings about his own status , wages , and so on .

Service providers were questioned about such matters as their attitudes towards new technology , and their willingness to adapt to new circumstances , whilst the emphasis for service users was on the possible effect in terms of work results and achievements .
service providers were questioned about such matters as their attitudes towards new technology , and their willingness to adapt to new circumstances , [while] the emphasis for service users was on the possible effect in terms of work results and achievements .

Therefore , it would appear that whilst they will have a practice planning role , they do not have a population-based planning role .
therefore , it would appear that [while] they will have a practice planning role , they do not have a population-based planning role .

Whilst the home authority can plan and contract for the services it identifies as being required to meet the needs of its population , it is not clear who will decide which individuals will receive these services .
[while] the home authority can plan and contract for the services it identifies as being required to meet the needs of its population , it is not clear who will decide which individuals will receive these services .

Whilst , for the director , there exists possible conflict between maximising provision for patient care at an individual level and the need to monitor and control expenditure at a directorate level .
[while] , for the director , there exists possible conflict between maximising provision for patient care at an individual level and the need to monitor and control expenditure at a directorate level .

Thiercelin and Lefevre found themselves received at their billet with almost embarrassing cordiality , the householder , Herr Bauer , and his wife insisting upon catering for their every need , whilst regaling them with complaints of Hapsburg perfidy and the brutality of their Russian allies .
thiercelin and lefevre found themselves received at their billet with almost embarrassing cordiality , the householder , herr bauer , and his wife insisting upon catering for their every need , [while] regaling them with complaints of hapsburg perfidy and the brutality of their russian allies .

The Frenchman sat next to her , assiduous in his attentions to her needs , enquiring whether she would like more of this or that , whilst periodically paying her what he evidently considered rather dashing compliments .
the frenchman sat next to her , assiduous in his attentions to her needs , enquiring whether she would like more of this or that , [while] periodically paying her what he evidently considered rather dashing compliments .

Lefevre spent much of his time standing about in the street outside the theatre to no avail , whilst Thiercelin wasted a day and a half following up a couple of false trails supplied by articles in the local newssheet .
lefevre spent much of his time standing about in the street outside the theatre to no avail , [while] thiercelin wasted a day and a half following up a couple of false trails supplied by articles in the local newssheet .

Whilst he was here he took Herr Hamnett 's things away with him .
[while] he was here he took herr hamnett 's things away with him .

He had kicked the old Jew in the face whilst he was grovelling after his glasses , and kept on doing so until the whimpering had stopped and he was satisfied the man could not live .
he had kicked the old jew in the face [while] he was grovelling after his glasses , and kept on doing so until the whimpering had stopped and he was satisfied the man could not live .

If , whilst suffering from the reaction , she received a sudden shock …
if , [while] suffering from the reaction , she received a sudden shock …

He ordered a dozen men to remain in the house whilst the rest of the company set about the business of rousing the neighbourhood with enquiry .
he ordered a dozen men to remain in the house [while] the rest of the company set about the business of rousing the neighbourhood with enquiry .

That was their plan , no doubt ; to have this man delay him whilst they summoned reinforcements .
that was their plan , no doubt ; to have this man delay him [while] they summoned reinforcements .

Whilst he was shaving realization began to dawn that something was amiss .
[while] he was shaving realization began to dawn that something was amiss .

Old Herr Stern , isolated in the silent world of the deaf , munched grimly and spoke not at all , whilst the Zimmermans ' desultory attempts to engage their guests in conversation were soon abandoned .
old herr stern , isolated in the silent world of the deaf , munched grimly and spoke not at all , [while] the zimmermans ' desultory attempts to engage their guests in conversation were soon abandoned .

The old people gaped silently , whilst Zimmerman and his wife made incoherent noises .
the old people gaped silently , [while] zimmerman and his wife made incoherent noises .

’ Moreau fussed about like an old hen , whilst Karelius contented himself with nodding and grinning idiotically .
’ moreau fussed about like an old hen , [while] karelius contented himself with nodding and grinning idiotically .

After a while the old ladies made a huffy pretence of being uninterested , whilst Herr Stern , cupping a hand round one ear , kept shouting , ‘ You what ?
after a while the old ladies made a huffy pretence of being uninterested , [while] herr stern , cupping a hand round one ear , kept shouting , ‘ you what ?

The landlord was polishing some mugs whilst gazing resignedly around the empty parlour .
the landlord was polishing some mugs [while] gazing resignedly around the empty parlour .

Not the eccentric , inexperienced Czar , nor the ageing Kutusov , whilst the Austrians , after their debacle at Ulm , were regarded as unworthy of serious consideration .
not the eccentric , inexperienced czar , nor the ageing kutusov , [while] the austrians , after their debacle at ulm , were regarded as unworthy of serious consideration .

As the Russians entered , the men at the windows would abandon their posts , whilst their comrades behind the table fired a final volley .
as the russians entered , the men at the windows would abandon their posts , [while] their comrades behind the table fired a final volley .

There , whilst waiting , he had made the mistake of sitting down , and now discovered to his chagrin that when he wanted to stand again his legs would not respond .
there , [while] waiting , he had made the mistake of sitting down , and now discovered to his chagrin that when he wanted to stand again his legs would not respond .

Sprawled out across it were a rabble of Russian fugitives , whilst ahead a thin dark line of guns crept foot by foot towards the safety of the opposite shore .
sprawled out across it were a rabble of russian fugitives , [while] ahead a thin dark line of guns crept foot by foot towards the safety of the opposite shore .

Men were floundering about , splashing , yelling and cursing , whilst horses were dragged screaming to their deaths by the guns .
men were floundering about , splashing , yelling and cursing , [while] horses were dragged screaming to their deaths by the guns .

On the one hand it can be used simply to say that whilst theory is essential and desirable it nevertheless depends for its validity on observation ( of an empirical kind ) .
on the one hand it can be used simply to say that [while] theory is essential and desirable it nevertheless depends for its validity on observation ( of an empirical kind ) .

Whilst the attention paid to foreign languages in this country is increasing , it is nothing like the importance of English abroad .
[while] the attention paid to foreign languages in this country is increasing , it is nothing like the importance of english abroad .

On the far side of the screen was Standard Four , whilst through a door at the back right hand side of this room was Standard Five .
on the far side of the screen was standard four , [while] through a door at the back right hand side of this room was standard five .

On these occasions , Standard One lined up in single file whilst Standard Six would line up beside them .
on these occasions , standard one lined up in single file [while] standard six would line up beside them .

The whole school would be assembled in the street , Mr. Windust being in charge , whilst the official party sat in the Rectory Garden , just behind the top of the wall on which was draped a huge Union Jack .
the whole school would be assembled in the street , mr. windust being in charge , [while] the official party sat in the rectory garden , just behind the top of the wall on which was draped a huge union jack .

Houses were built at the street frontage , whilst the interiors of each square or chequer provided garden space .
houses were built at the street frontage , [while] the interiors of each square or chequer provided garden space .

Shelving covered the back two walls , whilst to the right was a biscuit stand containing some dozen tins , stacked at an angle so that by just taking off the lid , biscuits could be removed .
shelving covered the back two walls , [while] to the right was a biscuit stand containing some dozen tins , stacked at an angle so that by just taking off the lid , biscuits could be removed .

Near the window was a small pair of scales with polished brass weights whilst at the other end of the counter was a larger pair with iron weights used for the vegetables which were kept in the left hand corner of the shop .
near the window was a small pair of scales with polished brass weights [while] at the other end of the counter was a larger pair with iron weights used for the vegetables which were kept in the left hand corner of the shop .

The first was occupied by Miss Trimby , the last of a family that had lived there for a long time whilst her neighbours were Mr. & Mrs. Collins with their middle-aged bachelor son .
the first was occupied by miss trimby , the last of a family that had lived there for a long time [while] her neighbours were mr. & mrs. collins with their middle-aged bachelor son .

Mrs. Sturgess was the hard working cleaner/caretaker of St. Martin 's Boys ' School whilst her husband worked in one of the many mineral water factories , unfortunately he had lost one eye in an industrial accident for which apparently no compensation was paid .
mrs. sturgess was the hard working cleaner/caretaker of st. martin 's boys ' school [while] her husband worked in one of the many mineral water factories , unfortunately he had lost one eye in an industrial accident for which apparently no compensation was paid .

Mr. Bundy , a jobbing gardener , was about five feet in height but built like a tank whilst Mr .
mr. bundy , a jobbing gardener , was about five feet in height but built like a tank [while] mr .

The motive power was by hand — there was a crank on either side at the bottom , though Mr. Golding was a powerful man , he was hard put to it to operate the lift on his own and used to puff whilst doing it .
the motive power was by hand — there was a crank on either side at the bottom , though mr. golding was a powerful man , he was hard put to it to operate the lift on his own and used to puff [while] doing it .

One of our cubs was Ernie Truckle who lived in Gigant Street , next to Young 's Timber Yard . Whilst we were still looking at the blaze , Marjorie Truckle ( Ernie 's sister ) , who would have been about thirteen years of age , came rushing across the field with a message from their mother —
one of our cubs was ernie truckle who lived in gigant street , next to young 's timber yard . [while] we were still looking at the blaze , marjorie truckle ( ernie 's sister ) , who would have been about thirteen years of age , came rushing across the field with a message from their mother —

Immediately after the service my aunt would dash to work at Nelson House , one of the Godolphin School Boarding Houses , whilst my mother and sisters came home to breakfast , already prepared by Dad , and in winter time he would also have the kitchen fire blazing away .
immediately after the service my aunt would dash to work at nelson house , one of the godolphin school boarding houses , [while] my mother and sisters came home to breakfast , already prepared by dad , and in winter time he would also have the kitchen fire blazing away .

On the opposite Gigant Street corner were the offices of Gibbs Mew , whilst next came the large , well-proportioned Milford Street United Methodist Church , fronted by cast iron railings above a low wall .
on the opposite gigant street corner were the offices of gibbs mew , [while] next came the large , well-proportioned milford street united methodist church , fronted by cast iron railings above a low wall .

His two unmarried sisters were in the same line of business in Winchester Street , but whilst their tiny shop was always an advertisement for cleanliness , his was quite the opposite .
his two unmarried sisters were in the same line of business in winchester street , but [while] their tiny shop was always an advertisement for cleanliness , his was quite the opposite .

The window had , during the summer months , more than its fair share of flies , whilst the proprietor was never to be seen in the shop without a flat black cap on his head and cigarette end dangling from the corner of his mouth .
the window had , during the summer months , more than its fair share of flies , [while] the proprietor was never to be seen in the shop without a flat black cap on his head and cigarette end dangling from the corner of his mouth .

Mr. Farrer , a white haired man in his fifties was stone deaf but fortunately could lip read , whilst his wife was a really excellent cook .
mr. farrer , a white haired man in his fifties was stone deaf but fortunately could lip read , [while] his wife was a really excellent cook .

Culver Street had three general stores , whilst in St. Ann 's Street , the Post Office also sold stationery and sundries .
culver street had three general stores , [while] in st. ann 's street , the post office also sold stationery and sundries .

By the time the customer walked into the shop , the joint had been wrapped by a second assistant whilst a third would fill the empty space in the window .
by the time the customer walked into the shop , the joint had been wrapped by a second assistant [while] a third would fill the empty space in the window .

There were so many of them — Style and Gerrish on The Blue Boar Row , Blooms on The Canal , Clarks at The Poultry Cross and Canal , David Stevens and Hobdens were both in Silver Street whilst Catherine Street was well endowed with Worleys , McIlroys and Fowler and Bailey .
there were so many of them — style and gerrish on the blue boar row , blooms on the canal , clarks at the poultry cross and canal , david stevens and hobdens were both in silver street [while] catherine street was well endowed with worleys , mcilroys and fowler and bailey .

Fisherton Street also had two , Lords and Bon Marche whilst High Street housed Binghams .
fisherton street also had two , lords and bon marche [while] high street housed binghams .

There was a bazaar in Butcher Row belonging to The Arcadia Bazaar Company whilst round in Minster Street was one of the early ones owned by Marks and Spencer .
there was a bazaar in butcher row belonging to the arcadia bazaar company [while] round in minster street was one of the early ones owned by marks and spencer .

The Infirmary League covered hospital treatment and cost 2d a week for a single person whilst the payment of 4d covered a whole family — father , mother and all children under eighteen .
the infirmary league covered hospital treatment and cost 2d a week for a single person [while] the payment of 4d covered a whole family — father , mother and all children under eighteen .

Whilst it was still airborne you gave it an almighty swipe and endeavoured to send it further than your opponent .
[while] it was still airborne you gave it an almighty swipe and endeavoured to send it further than your opponent .

To the right on the ground floor were the carpenter 's benches whilst the area to the left , under the first floor housed the machinery , mainly woodworking but also drills , grindstones and a guillotine for chopping steel bars into lengths .
to the right on the ground floor were the carpenter 's benches [while] the area to the left , under the first floor housed the machinery , mainly woodworking but also drills , grindstones and a guillotine for chopping steel bars into lengths .

At the bottom of the forge was a water trough whilst some two feet in front of this stood the anvil , on a base cut from an elm trunk some three feet in diameter and two in height .
at the bottom of the forge was a water trough [while] some two feet in front of this stood the anvil , on a base cut from an elm trunk some three feet in diameter and two in height .

The wall to the right of the door was covered with tools of the trade — chisels and punches of every size , mostly with handles of twisted willow which allowed the smith to hold them whilst they were struck with a seven pound sledgehammer and feel no vibration .
the wall to the right of the door was covered with tools of the trade — chisels and punches of every size , mostly with handles of twisted willow which allowed the smith to hold them [while] they were struck with a seven pound sledgehammer and feel no vibration .

For instance , if a leaf spring was being made , each leaf would be tested against the pattern whilst work proceeded to ensure the correct curve .
for instance , if a leaf spring was being made , each leaf would be tested against the pattern [while] work proceeded to ensure the correct curve .

All this whilst the steel was still hot .
all this [while] the steel was still hot .

Hibberds workshops behind the shop were beautifully timbered , not a straight line to be seen anywhere , whilst the Post Office buildings , including an old bakehouse , appeared to be of the same period .
hibberds workshops behind the shop were beautifully timbered , not a straight line to be seen anywhere , [while] the post office buildings , including an old bakehouse , appeared to be of the same period .

The two men were quite different characters : Shipsey , the baker — very hard working , a cheerful , outgoing individual , whilst his partner — Sheppard — was a doleful looking man with a droopy moustache .
the two men were quite different characters : shipsey , the baker — very hard working , a cheerful , outgoing individual , [while] his partner — sheppard — was a doleful looking man with a droopy moustache .

At one o'clock a hymn was sung to enable those wishing to leave to do so whilst newcomers entered .
at one o'clock a hymn was sung to enable those wishing to leave to do so [while] newcomers entered .

The Cake Walk was supposed to be a most daring ride although if you held the rail whilst progressing around the U-shaped walk as it tossed like a rough sea , it was n't too bad .
the cake walk was supposed to be a most daring ride although if you held the rail [while] progressing around the u-shaped walk as it tossed like a rough sea , it was n't too bad .

The fireplace , of typical Victorian cast-iron , was in the centre of the left hand wall whilst on the mantlepiece was a marble clock that had been presented to my mother and father when they married in 1904 , this had a large china dog on each side .
the fireplace , of typical victorian cast-iron , was in the centre of the left hand wall [while] on the mantlepiece was a marble clock that had been presented to my mother and father when they married in 1904 , this had a large china dog on each side .

school whilst , through the gates , his schoolmates were having a thoroughly good time .
school [while] , through the gates , his schoolmates were having a thoroughly good time .

The first aircraft came into Wolverton Works on 2 April 1941 , when shop adaptations were incomplete and only eight men trained to commence work , and whilst the layout had to be completed and the staff were being gradually built up and trained , the first aircraft was completed by 31 July 1941 .
the first aircraft came into wolverton works on 2 april 1941 , when shop adaptations were incomplete and only eight men trained to commence work , and [while] the layout had to be completed and the staff were being gradually built up and trained , the first aircraft was completed by 31 july 1941 .

These boats were collapsible for easy transportation and , whilst the design relied mainly on the use of waterproof canvas , a remarkable heavy load of men and equipment could be carried .
these boats were collapsible for easy transportation and , [while] the design relied mainly on the use of waterproof canvas , a remarkable heavy load of men and equipment could be carried .

Whilst this war-work was going on , Railway work was continuing too .
[while] this war-work was going on , railway work was continuing too .

This saved unnecessary handling , and also avoided work being neglected whilst in a half-finished condition .
this saved unnecessary handling , and also avoided work being neglected [while] in a half-finished condition .

The South Lake is a haven for watersports enthusiasts whilst the North Lake has a rich and varied array of wildlife .
the south lake is a haven for watersports enthusiasts [while] the north lake has a rich and varied array of wildlife .

subjects , whilst cross referencing , also have their own internal logic . There are discrete as well as generalisable elements , both in content and in the network of knowledge and skills underpinning the subject matrix ;
subjects , [while] cross referencing , also have their own internal logic . there are discrete as well as generalisable elements , both in content and in the network of knowledge and skills underpinning the subject matrix ;

It is extremely difficult to maintain a full interdisciplinary focus whilst at the same time maintaining equitable balance between subjects , and also planning the internal subject inputs in a meaningful patterned way .
it is extremely difficult to maintain a full interdisciplinary focus [while] at the same time maintaining equitable balance between subjects , and also planning the internal subject inputs in a meaningful patterned way .

Studies of children who learn music successfully suggest that whilst routines are important , there is also a case for ‘ focused periods ’ during which music might occupy longer and more sustained periods of attention — as part of a project , for example , or in preparation for a performance .
studies of children who learn music successfully suggest that [while] routines are important , there is also a case for ‘ focused periods ’ during which music might occupy longer and more sustained periods of attention — as part of a project , for example , or in preparation for a performance .

How do they find ways of maintaining routines and sequences whilst also retaining flexibility to develop these intensifying periods or activity which can be the hallmark of achievement ?
how do they find ways of maintaining routines and sequences [while] also retaining flexibility to develop these intensifying periods or activity which can be the hallmark of achievement ?

‘ It will now be necessary to observe that animals are more frequently attacked by epizootic , endemic and contagious diseases than the human species because we are protected from these casualties by our Houses , Clothing and manner of Living , in short by all the precautions that reason dictates , whilst animals are deprived of all these recourses and are constantly exposed to dangers which we avoid by the above-mentioned precautions , besides their food and drink is constantly the same , which often is the cause of a fermentation in their blood which generally terminates in stubborn and fatal diseases .
‘ it will now be necessary to observe that animals are more frequently attacked by epizootic , endemic and contagious diseases than the human species because we are protected from these casualties by our houses , clothing and manner of living , in short by all the precautions that reason dictates , [while] animals are deprived of all these recourses and are constantly exposed to dangers which we avoid by the above-mentioned precautions , besides their food and drink is constantly the same , which often is the cause of a fermentation in their blood which generally terminates in stubborn and fatal diseases .

One partner provides a school bank run by pupils , whilst others have provided projects for curricular activity .
one partner provides a school bank run by pupils , [while] others have provided projects for curricular activity .

The justification of the partnership approach is that it encourages the notions of quality and excellence , whilst providing a framework within which a wide range of activities can be given a sense of coherence and wholeness .
the justification of the partnership approach is that it encourages the notions of quality and excellence , [while] providing a framework within which a wide range of activities can be given a sense of coherence and wholeness .

The overwhelming priority has been given to teacher placements in industry whilst there have been excellent examples of reciprocal placement programmes placing business people into schools .
the overwhelming priority has been given to teacher placements in industry [while] there have been excellent examples of reciprocal placement programmes placing business people into schools .

Whilst there are a number of interpretations , the basic purpose of business in our society is to generate profits and create wealth .
[while] there are a number of interpretations , the basic purpose of business in our society is to generate profits and create wealth .

Perhaps what they are doing at present is coming together on issues that are essentially unproblematic and secure whilst leaving the deep differences untouched .
perhaps what they are doing at present is coming together on issues that are essentially unproblematic and secure [while] leaving the deep differences untouched .

This ability to move quickly , whilst retaining an integrity in terms of structure and direction , may be a clue for the future .
this ability to move quickly , [while] retaining an integrity in terms of structure and direction , may be a clue for the future .

The power of local education authorities has been reduced whilst additional power has been given to central government and the revised and highly decentralised governing bodies of schools and colleges .
the power of local education authorities has been reduced [while] additional power has been given to central government and the revised and highly decentralised governing bodies of schools and colleges .

Some of the claims have been on the basis of debatable information , and all have been highly selective and have only drawn attention to the adverse elements of research whilst ignoring much encouraging , positive information .
some of the claims have been on the basis of debatable information , and all have been highly selective and have only drawn attention to the adverse elements of research [while] ignoring much encouraging , positive information .

The product of the flowrate and the dilution factor give a numerical value for the odour emission , which whilst not a direct measurement of odour nuisance is shown to be a guide : the higher the emission the more likely the odour is to give rise to complaints and therefore more likely to amount to a nuisance at law .
the product of the flowrate and the dilution factor give a numerical value for the odour emission , which [while] not a direct measurement of odour nuisance is shown to be a guide : the higher the emission the more likely the odour is to give rise to complaints and therefore more likely to amount to a nuisance at law .

Whilst animal by-product and chemical plants were responsible for the most complaints , odours from manure spreading and intensive pig and poultry farms affected the largest number of local authorities as shown in Table 2 below .
[while] animal by-product and chemical plants were responsible for the most complaints , odours from manure spreading and intensive pig and poultry farms affected the largest number of local authorities as shown in table 2 below .

Section 1 of the Clean Air Act 1956 prohibits the emission of dark smoke from a chimney of any building , whilst allowing regulations to be made exempting emissions for prescribed periods .
section 1 of the clean air act 1956 prohibits the emission of dark smoke from a chimney of any building , [while] allowing regulations to be made exempting emissions for prescribed periods .

Local planning authorities ( county councils in this case ) are required by s.7(3) ( a ) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 to include in their structure plans , ‘ measures for the improvement of the physical environment ’ , whilst s.11(3) ( a ) of the above Act , a less demanding provision , states that they , ( usually district councils in this case ) shall include in a local plan such measures as the authority thinks fit for the improvement of the physical environment .
local planning authorities ( county councils in this case ) are required by s.7(3) ( a ) of the town and country planning act 1971 to include in their structure plans , ‘ measures for the improvement of the physical environment ’ , [while] s.11(3) ( a ) of the above act , a less demanding provision , states that they , ( usually district councils in this case ) shall include in a local plan such measures as the authority thinks fit for the improvement of the physical environment .

Whilst in general planning permission is required for all development , certain uses falling within a class specified in an Order made by the Secretary of State may be undertaken without the need for planning permission .
[while] in general planning permission is required for all development , certain uses falling within a class specified in an order made by the secretary of state may be undertaken without the need for planning permission .

Whilst intensification of use has on occasions been deemed to amount to a material change of use , it is a difficult decision for a planning officer to make involving both fact and degree .
[while] intensification of use has on occasions been deemed to amount to a material change of use , it is a difficult decision for a planning officer to make involving both fact and degree .

The Factory Inspectorate , part of the Health and Safety Executive and local authorities , responsible for the enforcement of the present health and safety at work laws , would be mainly concerned with the latter , being a source of danger to the health of employees ; the control of odour nuisance , whilst not ignored being accorded a lower priority , as the legal requirements concerning occupational hygiene are mainly orientated towards the degree of risk i.e .
the factory inspectorate , part of the health and safety executive and local authorities , responsible for the enforcement of the present health and safety at work laws , would be mainly concerned with the latter , being a source of danger to the health of employees ; the control of odour nuisance , [while] not ignored being accorded a lower priority , as the legal requirements concerning occupational hygiene are mainly orientated towards the degree of risk i.e .

Whilst s.4 is concerned with dilution of existing contaminants , s.63(1) ( reproduced below ) is concerned with preventing contaminants from getting into circulation at all .
[while] s.4 is concerned with dilution of existing contaminants , s.63(1) ( reproduced below ) is concerned with preventing contaminants from getting into circulation at all .

The first report of that working party assessed the problems in Great Britain , whilst the second report , published in 1975 , by Warren Spring Laboratory , Department of Industry , is a comprehensive summary to best present practice in odour measurement , prevention and abatement as well as planning , design and operation of factories and installations liable to produce unpleasant odours .
the first report of that working party assessed the problems in great britain , [while] the second report , published in 1975 , by warren spring laboratory , department of industry , is a comprehensive summary to best present practice in odour measurement , prevention and abatement as well as planning , design and operation of factories and installations liable to produce unpleasant odours .

For example it is reported that overstocking in litter-based poultry will result in an overloaded offensive litter ; whilst understocking may also be undesirable , since this may result in a dry and dusty litter which may help disperse the odour over a wide area , unless dust filters are installed .
for example it is reported that overstocking in litter-based poultry will result in an overloaded offensive litter ; [while] understocking may also be undesirable , since this may result in a dry and dusty litter which may help disperse the odour over a wide area , unless dust filters are installed .

Neutralizing agents are usually either acids or alkalis which neutralize the odorous gas on impact , so for example acidic gases such as fatty acids , sulphur dioxide , chlorine , hydrogen-chloride and sulphides and mercaptans can to some extent be neutralized by contact with sodium hydroxide or sodium carbonate ( both alkalis ) whilst weak sulphuric acid or phosphoric acid for example can be used as a neutralizing media for alkaline gases such as ammonia or amines .
neutralizing agents are usually either acids or alkalis which neutralize the odorous gas on impact , so for example acidic gases such as fatty acids , sulphur dioxide , chlorine , hydrogen-chloride and sulphides and mercaptans can to some extent be neutralized by contact with sodium hydroxide or sodium carbonate ( both alkalis ) [while] weak sulphuric acid or phosphoric acid for example can be used as a neutralizing media for alkaline gases such as ammonia or amines .

For example , it is n't considered genuine to say ‘ How nice to see you ’ whilst rummaging through the contents of your in-tray .
for example , it is n't considered genuine to say ‘ how nice to see you ’ [while] rummaging through the contents of your in-tray .

Written communications are different because whilst what you write represents your behaviour even though you are not present , it is n't happening ‘ in flight ’ as do face-to-face behaviours .
written communications are different because [while] what you write represents your behaviour even though you are not present , it is n't happening ‘ in flight ’ as do face-to-face behaviours .

We all make mistakes and whilst unwelcome they are often good for us because they jolt our complacency .
we all make mistakes and [while] unwelcome they are often good for us because they jolt our complacency .

So whilst internal factors are an important part of the picture the external factor of change itself triggered ( ie caused ) the whole sequence of events .
so [while] internal factors are an important part of the picture the external factor of change itself triggered ( ie caused ) the whole sequence of events .

Whilst it is certainly true that behaviour is no substitute for knowledge , the way you behave is the biggest single factor in making an impact on the way other people respond to you .
[while] it is certainly true that behaviour is no substitute for knowledge , the way you behave is the biggest single factor in making an impact on the way other people respond to you .

Whilst it is certainly true that any process is better than none , awareness of all four aspects best equips people to deal with all eventualities .
[while] it is certainly true that any process is better than none , awareness of all four aspects best equips people to deal with all eventualities .

In dealings with other people a balance needs to be struck , therefore , between standing up for your own rights whilst respecting other people 's .
in dealings with other people a balance needs to be struck , therefore , between standing up for your own rights [while] respecting other people 's .

Here is an example of win-win behaviour overheard , coincidentally whilst writing this section , as my four-year-old son , James , played with a friend .
here is an example of win-win behaviour overheard , coincidentally [while] writing this section , as my four-year-old son , james , played with a friend .

More important , some voters seemed to get substantially more out of the system than others , whilst paying substantially less .
more important , some voters seemed to get substantially more out of the system than others , [while] paying substantially less .

Under Fordism mass consumption was a consequence of mass production ; whilst with post-Fordism , it is changes in consumption and the identification of specialist markets which are said to determine changes in production .
under fordism mass consumption was a consequence of mass production ; [while] with post-fordism , it is changes in consumption and the identification of specialist markets which are said to determine changes in production .

Although radical politics of this kind remain in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies whilst remaining under the control of the same party - so increasing political variation at the local level .
although radical politics of this kind remain in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies [while] remaining under the control of the same party - so increasing political variation at the local level .

For instance , Savage ( 1989 ) examines the development of local politics in Glasgow , whilst Mark-Lawson and Warde ( 1987 ) look at the transformation of the local political environment in Lancaster .
for instance , savage ( 1989 ) examines the development of local politics in glasgow , [while] mark-lawson and warde ( 1987 ) look at the transformation of the local political environment in lancaster .

Whilst researchers will only be able to specify the ways in which large-scale social and economic restructuring has led to particular types of local political practice through empirical study , we can claim that there has been an increase in local political activity , in contrast to the relatively homogeneous picture presented in the 1950s and early '60s .
[while] researchers will only be able to specify the ways in which large-scale social and economic restructuring has led to particular types of local political practice through empirical study , we can claim that there has been an increase in local political activity , in contrast to the relatively homogeneous picture presented in the 1950s and early '60s .

Whilst this was not , perhaps , the expected answer , no one with first-hand experience of running a school would deny the importance of good support staff in ensuring its success .
[while] this was not , perhaps , the expected answer , no one with first-hand experience of running a school would deny the importance of good support staff in ensuring its success .

It does seem , however , that major savings can only realistically be made by reducing numbers of staff and that a focus on economy , whilst welcome , will have only marginal effects .
it does seem , however , that major savings can only realistically be made by reducing numbers of staff and that a focus on economy , [while] welcome , will have only marginal effects .

Combe Sydenham country park has beautiful walks and tasty trout for sale whilst Stogursey boasts a moated ruined castle and Norman church .
combe sydenham country park has beautiful walks and tasty trout for sale [while] stogursey boasts a moated ruined castle and norman church .

It is lowest whilst sleeping .
it is lowest [while] sleeping .

There are two further methods to estimate the distance covered whilst walking :
there are two further methods to estimate the distance covered [while] walking :

The Kings Head has welcomed its share of celebrities over the year , including Turner , whilst working on his painting of Easby Abbey , Franz Liszt , who arrive late to play in the ballroom , and , more recently , Val Doonican .
the kings head has welcomed its share of celebrities over the year , including turner , [while] working on his painting of easby abbey , franz liszt , who arrive late to play in the ballroom , and , more recently , val doonican .

Harry Secombe stayed whilst working on Highway from Swaledale , and Helen and James of All Creatures Great and Small ‘ dine here on special occasions ’ .
harry secombe stayed [while] working on highway from swaledale , and helen and james of all creatures great and small ‘ dine here on special occasions ’ .

We chose as the venue , where else but , the Champagne Hotel of the north where Ian Corner , David Chell and their staff are bravely grasping the nettle of recession whilst continuing to perform as you would expect from Manchester 's top City Centre Hotel .
we chose as the venue , where else but , the champagne hotel of the north where ian corner , david chell and their staff are bravely grasping the nettle of recession [while] continuing to perform as you would expect from manchester 's top city centre hotel .

Relax outside in a deckchair whilst the youngsters explore the rockpools or play in the sandpit .
relax outside in a deckchair [while] the youngsters explore the rockpools or play in the sandpit .

The Wildlife Video Unit relays dramatic moments from the ocean world , whilst news boards alert you to creatures and happenings worthy of closer attention .
the wildlife video unit relays dramatic moments from the ocean world , [while] news boards alert you to creatures and happenings worthy of closer attention .

Any wounded or distressed creatures that are handed to us are carefully nursed back to health whilst our breeding programmes produce an ever-increased number of baby marine creatures , many of which are then released into the wild .
any wounded or distressed creatures that are handed to us are carefully nursed back to health [while] our breeding programmes produce an ever-increased number of baby marine creatures , many of which are then released into the wild .

Relax in our beautiful English Country Garden with a picnic , whilst looking across the lovely Sussex Countryside .
relax in our beautiful english country garden with a picnic , [while] looking across the lovely sussex countryside .

Whilst waling around the Hop Farm you can encounter our magical collection of fascinating owls and birds of prey and watch flying displays most days ( weather permitting ) .
[while] waling around the hop farm you can encounter our magical collection of fascinating owls and birds of prey and watch flying displays most days ( weather permitting ) .

Children will love the Sea Lab and new Touchpool whilst Daily Talks and Feeding Displays will bring the world beneath the sea right to everyone 's fingertips !
children will love the sea lab and new touchpool [while] daily talks and feeding displays will bring the world beneath the sea right to everyone 's fingertips !

Morris men began dancing round the maypole as the tension relaxed and the climber , the laddermen , the ropemen and the polemaster had their well-earned pints whilst contemplating a job well done .
morris men began dancing round the maypole as the tension relaxed and the climber , the laddermen , the ropemen and the polemaster had their well-earned pints [while] contemplating a job well done .

It reflects the devotion of a whole community in caring for others whilst enjoying a community spirit that is the ‘ the Sing ’ .
it reflects the devotion of a whole community in caring for others [while] enjoying a community spirit that is the ‘ the sing ’ .

‘ What a glorious tradition to keep going ! We will never let it die out whilst we have children to pass it on to . ’
‘ what a glorious tradition to keep going ! we will never let it die out [while] we have children to pass it on to . ’

The Aztecs believed it to be the ‘ sweat of the sun ’ whilst the Egyptians connected gold with their Sun God , Ra .
the aztecs believed it to be the ‘ sweat of the sun ’ [while] the egyptians connected gold with their sun god , ra .

Remember to remove your jewellery , especially rings , whilst doing any housework ; detergents and scouring powder can tarnish and scratch gold .
remember to remove your jewellery , especially rings , [while] doing any housework ; detergents and scouring powder can tarnish and scratch gold .

Aim for a list that give the widest possible choice and price range ; whilst there will be friends and colleagues who will club together to buy you a present , others will want to buy something on their own .
aim for a list that give the widest possible choice and price range ; [while] there will be friends and colleagues who will club together to buy you a present , others will want to buy something on their own .

Drinks were served in the bar adjoining the ‘ Country Manners ’ restaurant , and we leisurely sipped our aperitifs whilst choosing from the menu .
drinks were served in the bar adjoining the ‘ country manners ’ restaurant , and we leisurely sipped our aperitifs [while] choosing from the menu .

At high tides , sections of the line are submerged , whilst the sea scours away the track bed .
at high tides , sections of the line are submerged , [while] the sea scours away the track bed .

Whilst executive summaries can be useful , they create problems when they are virtually extended to book-length .
[while] executive summaries can be useful , they create problems when they are virtually extended to book-length .

Those interested in arresting the shelving of direct ministerial responsibility for these sites should write to their MPs , asking why it was , in 1883 , that the inspector was responsible directly to the minister whilst , in 1983 , there will be no inspectors as such and those responsible will be reporting to a quango .
those interested in arresting the shelving of direct ministerial responsibility for these sites should write to their mps , asking why it was , in 1883 , that the inspector was responsible directly to the minister [while] , in 1983 , there will be no inspectors as such and those responsible will be reporting to a quango .

For example , his account of the nine different reasons why two scientists might disagree could go verbatim into any elementary course on the social relations of science , whilst the extended analogy between ‘ growing science ’ and establishing an orchard should be required reading for every would-be science politician in any nation that aspires to modernity .
for example , his account of the nine different reasons why two scientists might disagree could go verbatim into any elementary course on the social relations of science , [while] the extended analogy between ‘ growing science ’ and establishing an orchard should be required reading for every would-be science politician in any nation that aspires to modernity .

About the text itself , Dr Halstead never seems to lose a light touch of enthusiasm , whilst remaining informative and indeed scholarly .
about the text itself , dr halstead never seems to lose a light touch of enthusiasm , [while] remaining informative and indeed scholarly .

And whilst derelict land supports the activities of man it provides a home for plants and animals .
and [while] derelict land supports the activities of man it provides a home for plants and animals .

For well over a century the design has been available whilst in 1909 the Science Museum , for example , acquired the example to be seen in the Computing Then and Now gallery , purchasing the cheaper of the two production models made by Messrs Newton and Co. and fully described in the firm 's literature Stratton 's brainchild differs from the Newton model only in having the second pendulum attached to the pen instead of hanging below the main pendulum under the table .
for well over a century the design has been available [while] in 1909 the science museum , for example , acquired the example to be seen in the computing then and now gallery , purchasing the cheaper of the two production models made by messrs newton and co. and fully described in the firm 's literature stratton 's brainchild differs from the newton model only in having the second pendulum attached to the pen instead of hanging below the main pendulum under the table .

It is argued that whilst this tradition continues today it has been accelerated by the arrival of North Sea oil money and consolidated by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom desire to own their own property .
it is argued that [while] this tradition continues today it has been accelerated by the arrival of north sea oil money and consolidated by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom desire to own their own property .

The planners argue that the centralisation of houses makes the provision of services such as sewerage , water , cleansing , roads and lighting more economical whilst benefitting other agencies such as the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board and the Post Office in their work .
the planners argue that the centralisation of houses makes the provision of services such as sewerage , water , cleansing , roads and lighting more economical [while] benefitting other agencies such as the north of scotland hydro-electric board and the post office in their work .

Most prospective rural housebuilders were prepared to employ cesspits instead of mains drainage and to pay to be connected to the county 's ageing but still serviceable water supply system , whilst being content to build their houses alongside existing roads , dismissing any arguments about the aesthetics of ribbon development .
most prospective rural housebuilders were prepared to employ cesspits instead of mains drainage and to pay to be connected to the county 's ageing but still serviceable water supply system , [while] being content to build their houses alongside existing roads , dismissing any arguments about the aesthetics of ribbon development .

This vision of Orcadian self-help was much favoured by the more conservative bureaucratic direction whilst being apprehensive that the policy might discourage private home ownership and lead to more council houses being built locally .
this vision of orcadian self-help was much favoured by the more conservative bureaucratic direction [while] being apprehensive that the policy might discourage private home ownership and lead to more council houses being built locally .

It is not always easy to know why an event or action fires the imagination of the public and is remembered lo–g afterwards , whilst others , seemingly of equal importance or curiosity are soon forgotten .
it is not always easy to know why an event or action fires the imagination of the public and is remembered lo–g afterwards , [while] others , seemingly of equal importance or curiosity are soon forgotten .

It is the fragmented state of these religions that is so tragic , for , whilst the need for a god would appear to he overwhelming , no convincing description of what ‘ god ’ is , or can be , is as yet available for all to accept .
it is the fragmented state of these religions that is so tragic , for , [while] the need for a god would appear to he overwhelming , no convincing description of what ‘ god ’ is , or can be , is as yet available for all to accept .

Such cults , whilst satisfying a few do not meet the paramount need of humanity as a whole .
such cults , [while] satisfying a few do not meet the paramount need of humanity as a whole .

Admittedly , it does seem that whilst there are many Jews and others whose unquestioning acceptance of the Old Testament as a source of irrefutable knowledge remains absolute , there are many who seriously doubt the wisdom of insisting on this literal translation of those scriptures .
admittedly , it does seem that [while] there are many jews and others whose unquestioning acceptance of the old testament as a source of irrefutable knowledge remains absolute , there are many who seriously doubt the wisdom of insisting on this literal translation of those scriptures .

Any who dare to question this are quickly dealt with by being accused of faithlessness , invoking that frighteningly powerful guilt feeling instilled into the human mind whilst the individual is still very young , and it is just this abuse of childhood which is so surely the primary cause of failure to reduce the constant renewal of the horrors of war .
any who dare to question this are quickly dealt with by being accused of faithlessness , invoking that frighteningly powerful guilt feeling instilled into the human mind [while] the individual is still very young , and it is just this abuse of childhood which is so surely the primary cause of failure to reduce the constant renewal of the horrors of war .

This would not end the wars , but it would in effect be a declaration from the Israelis announcing that whilst they intend to fight to keep the disputed territory , they are nevertheless admitting that their right to it is no different from that of anyone else , and until the world produces some better way than fighting , this is how they will-operate .
this would not end the wars , but it would in effect be a declaration from the israelis announcing that [while] they intend to fight to keep the disputed territory , they are nevertheless admitting that their right to it is no different from that of anyone else , and until the world produces some better way than fighting , this is how they will-operate .

In reality , of course , such people are shamelessly exploiting the naivety of others who genuinely believe the doctrine and allow themselves to be thrust into the role of ‘ god-motivated ’ providers — actually doing the work attributed to the ‘ god ’ , whilst the exploiters enjoy the fruits of it .
in reality , of course , such people are shamelessly exploiting the naivety of others who genuinely believe the doctrine and allow themselves to be thrust into the role of ‘ god-motivated ’ providers — actually doing the work attributed to the ‘ god ’ , [while] the exploiters enjoy the fruits of it .

They may then have made that a major guiding light in their teaching , introducing the concept carefully but firmly , whilst at the same time concentrating on improving the agriculture and amenities .
they may then have made that a major guiding light in their teaching , introducing the concept carefully but firmly , [while] at the same time concentrating on improving the agriculture and amenities .

That there will be fierce opposition to such changes is fairly certain , and there will be vociferant arguments against them , and whilst these must be listened to , they must be allowed to have influence only if they can help in the process of bringing into being the new philosophy or religion .
that there will be fierce opposition to such changes is fairly certain , and there will be vociferant arguments against them , and [while] these must be listened to , they must be allowed to have influence only if they can help in the process of bringing into being the new philosophy or religion .

It follows from the supposition , mooted earlier in this book , that whilst all other species are capable of the enjoyment of sensations , both pleasant and unpleasant , peculiar to their kinds , the human species is capable of experiencing all sensations , of all kinds , and from all sources .
it follows from the supposition , mooted earlier in this book , that [while] all other species are capable of the enjoyment of sensations , both pleasant and unpleasant , peculiar to their kinds , the human species is capable of experiencing all sensations , of all kinds , and from all sources .

The next morning , the Prior , true to his word , immediately sent off a courier to Thomas of Learmouth whilst Corbett despatched one of his retinue with his letter to Burnell .
the next morning , the prior , true to his word , immediately sent off a courier to thomas of learmouth [while] corbett despatched one of his retinue with his letter to burnell .

The heat in the narrow packed streets was stifling and Sir James ' men began to complain loudly ; the lay brother , used to Corbett 's strange ways , slumped resignedly on his gentle cob whilst Ranulf looked askance at his erratic and peculiar master .
the heat in the narrow packed streets was stifling and sir james ' men began to complain loudly ; the lay brother , used to corbett 's strange ways , slumped resignedly on his gentle cob [while] ranulf looked askance at his erratic and peculiar master .

The arrogant princess refused to talk in English and Corbett had to use all his skill in French to conduct a conversation whilst ensuring he did not give offence .
the arrogant princess refused to talk in english and corbett had to use all his skill in french to conduct a conversation [while] ensuring he did not give offence .

Whilst the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .
[while] the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .

In order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation required ) to maintain personal control whilst delegating the execution of the task to the group or department concerned .
in order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation required ) to maintain personal control [while] delegating the execution of the task to the group or department concerned .

Whilst this is not unacceptable , price without value is meaningless and firms must set out clearly the service they will provide and , where appropriate , show examples of the standard they expect to achieve .
[while] this is not unacceptable , price without value is meaningless and firms must set out clearly the service they will provide and , where appropriate , show examples of the standard they expect to achieve .

Efforts should always be rewarded and whilst good salary levels are essential to retain the right calibre of staff , bonus payments for exceptional effort or particular success will be rewarded by increased motivation .
efforts should always be rewarded and [while] good salary levels are essential to retain the right calibre of staff , bonus payments for exceptional effort or particular success will be rewarded by increased motivation .

Whilst individual job appraisals of each team member may be useful review of the whole job or project should be done with all concerned present .
[while] individual job appraisals of each team member may be useful review of the whole job or project should be done with all concerned present .

Gone are the days when professionals left the business of fees , commissions , variation charges , reimbursables and the rest to underlings whilst they got on with the interesting work .
gone are the days when professionals left the business of fees , commissions , variation charges , reimbursables and the rest to underlings [while] they got on with the interesting work .

Whilst these useful items of information should be derived with little extra effort from the basic books of the business , more resources are needed to provide management accounts which are a real aid to decision taking .
[while] these useful items of information should be derived with little extra effort from the basic books of the business , more resources are needed to provide management accounts which are a real aid to decision taking .

All partners are unlimited in their personal liability for the debts and obligations of the firm incurred whilst a partner .
all partners are unlimited in their personal liability for the debts and obligations of the firm incurred [while] a partner .

For if a limited partner does become involved in ordinary management business , he becomes liable for those debts and obligations incurred by the firm whilst so acting as if he were a general partner .
for if a limited partner does become involved in ordinary management business , he becomes liable for those debts and obligations incurred by the firm [while] so acting as if he were a general partner .

Personal liability on shares could occur whilst the company is still a going concern .
personal liability on shares could occur [while] the company is still a going concern .

They also have the power to impose conditions ; but that power , whilst not fettered by the words in the 1971 Act , is constrained by legal decision .
they also have the power to impose conditions ; but that power , [while] not fettered by the words in the 1971 act , is constrained by legal decision .

Luxemburg suggested that , whilst leaving only one half of the surplus-value to be consumed unproductively , the other half should be accumulated at an increasing rate of organic composition of capital ; that it should rise progressively from 5 : 1 to 6 : 1 to 7 : 1 , etc .
luxemburg suggested that , [while] leaving only one half of the surplus-value to be consumed unproductively , the other half should be accumulated at an increasing rate of organic composition of capital ; that it should rise progressively from 5 : 1 to 6 : 1 to 7 : 1 , etc .

The difference is critical , since total productive consumption has a relationship to unproductive consumption , whilst the Harrod equation is indiscriminate as to the nature of consumption ; nor does it take into account the rate of profit .
the difference is critical , since total productive consumption has a relationship to unproductive consumption , [while] the harrod equation is indiscriminate as to the nature of consumption ; nor does it take into account the rate of profit .

Whilst a number of writers have commented upon his contributions to debates upon current policy problems , little has been said about the theoretical basis of these contributions .
[while] a number of writers have commented upon his contributions to debates upon current policy problems , little has been said about the theoretical basis of these contributions .

Then , whilst resolutely throwing underconsumption out of the window he allows it to creep in through the back door again with his discursive discussion of the role of labour-power as a commodity and its place in the circulation process .
then , [while] resolutely throwing underconsumption out of the window he allows it to creep in through the back door again with his discursive discussion of the role of labour-power as a commodity and its place in the circulation process .

Whilst it is true that , in the main , the replacement of fixed capital is usually accompanied by an increased production capacity because of advances in technology , we do not have to take this into account when dealing with the basic theory of the cycle .
[while] it is true that , in the main , the replacement of fixed capital is usually accompanied by an increased production capacity because of advances in technology , we do not have to take this into account when dealing with the basic theory of the cycle .

These two types of social division of labour represent very different relationships : the heterogeneous enterprises form a complementary division of labour , whilst the homogeneous ones are antagonistic .
these two types of social division of labour represent very different relationships : the heterogeneous enterprises form a complementary division of labour , [while] the homogeneous ones are antagonistic .

The state served the processes of capitalist reproduction , exerted influence on it , as the corresponding political integument — and only thus , whilst the economic regularities took shape on the basis of the spontaneity of the entire process as a whole .
the state served the processes of capitalist reproduction , exerted influence on it , as the corresponding political integument — and only thus , [while] the economic regularities took shape on the basis of the spontaneity of the entire process as a whole .

The decision to create a socialist economy and the consequences that flow from that can not be placed upon the same level as the results of unconscious decisions and actions ( at the macro level ) which result in equilibrium for a commodity-capitalist economy , since the later is post hoc , whilst the former is the result of the initial decision to build a socialist economy .
the decision to create a socialist economy and the consequences that flow from that can not be placed upon the same level as the results of unconscious decisions and actions ( at the macro level ) which result in equilibrium for a commodity-capitalist economy , since the later is post hoc , [while] the former is the result of the initial decision to build a socialist economy .

Moreover , Bukharin pointed out , whilst Preobrazhensky claimed to be dealing with abstract theory , he was in reality dealing with current economic policies .
moreover , bukharin pointed out , [while] preobrazhensky claimed to be dealing with abstract theory , he was in reality dealing with current economic policies .

This was the gravamen of Bukharin 's complaint , that Preobrazhensky , whilst claiming to discuss abstract theory , was in fact discussing matters that could only relate to concrete current policies .
this was the gravamen of bukharin 's complaint , that preobrazhensky , [while] claiming to discuss abstract theory , was in fact discussing matters that could only relate to concrete current policies .

These ‘ Notes ’ , whilst ostensibly aimed at the Trotskyist Opposition ( which had officially been routed in 1927 ) were in reality directed against the ‘ super-industrialisers ’ amongst the ruling majority .
these ‘ notes ’ , [while] ostensibly aimed at the trotskyist opposition ( which had officially been routed in 1927 ) were in reality directed against the ‘ super-industrialisers ’ amongst the ruling majority .

Whilst regarding as correct the shift of the centre of gravity to the production of the means of production , we must at the same time remember the danger involved in tying up too much state capital in major construction work , which can not be realised on the market for many years .
[while] regarding as correct the shift of the centre of gravity to the production of the means of production , we must at the same time remember the danger involved in tying up too much state capital in major construction work , which can not be realised on the market for many years .

On the other hand it must be remembered that a more rapid turnover of light industry ( production of essential articles ) permits its capital also to be used to build up heavy industry , whilst developing light industry at the same time .
on the other hand it must be remembered that a more rapid turnover of light industry ( production of essential articles ) permits its capital also to be used to build up heavy industry , [while] developing light industry at the same time .

It has also aided me to be more relaxed whilst driving .
it has also aided me to be more relaxed [while] driving .

‘ As soon as you wake up pop a piece of nicotine chewing gum into your mouth and chew it slowly whilst you are getting dressed and shaving .
‘ as soon as you wake up pop a piece of nicotine chewing gum into your mouth and chew it slowly [while] you are getting dressed and shaving .

Whilst stocks of one power-assisted models are still available , customers not requesting power-assisted steering on long wheelbase Popular and Standard Transit models will receive a reduction of £487.63 on the standard dealer list price .
[while] stocks of one power-assisted models are still available , customers not requesting power-assisted steering on long wheelbase popular and standard transit models will receive a reduction of £487.63 on the standard dealer list price .

At just over six foot , with thick curling brown hair and eyes that owed their startling blueness to his Irish ancestry , Tom was used to being the object of female appreciation whilst being slightly puzzled by it .
at just over six foot , with thick curling brown hair and eyes that owed their startling blueness to his irish ancestry , tom was used to being the object of female appreciation [while] being slightly puzzled by it .

She has such a good head on her shoulders , ’ they had said , when what they really meant was that whilst Paula was a beauty , she was really very plain but they had to find something good to say about her .
she has such a good head on her shoulders , ’ they had said , when what they really meant was that [while] paula was a beauty , she was really very plain but they had to find something good to say about her .

It was Mark who had persuaded her to approach the bank for a loan , Mark who had suggested her old friend Linda George , who had graduated in business studies at the same time that Theresa had finished her fashion degree , should join forces with her to organise the commercial side , Mark who had given her enough confidence in herself for her to allow her mother to put up her house as security — something Theresa had fought against even whilst realising there was no other way to secure the loan she needed .
it was mark who had persuaded her to approach the bank for a loan , mark who had suggested her old friend linda george , who had graduated in business studies at the same time that theresa had finished her fashion degree , should join forces with her to organise the commercial side , mark who had given her enough confidence in herself for her to allow her mother to put up her house as security — something theresa had fought against even [while] realising there was no other way to secure the loan she needed .

Paula , wearing tight pedal pushers and a cotton off-the-shoulder jersey , was sprawled on her elbows on the tiled fire-surround , smoking and puffing the smoke up the chimney whilst Louise , stripped to her sexy black lace underwear , was lying on the bed pounding at her thighs with some kind of massager which appeared to consist of a collection of rubber pimples on a brush head .
paula , wearing tight pedal pushers and a cotton off-the-shoulder jersey , was sprawled on her elbows on the tiled fire-surround , smoking and puffing the smoke up the chimney [while] louise , stripped to her sexy black lace underwear , was lying on the bed pounding at her thighs with some kind of massager which appeared to consist of a collection of rubber pimples on a brush head .

But here he was , still sitting in his chair ( and looking as though he wished he were n't ) whilst her mother stood on the hearth-rug , arms folded and wearing a furious expression .
but here he was , still sitting in his chair ( and looking as though he wished he were n't ) [while] her mother stood on the hearth-rug , arms folded and wearing a furious expression .

Again , the atmosphere is friendly with everyone recounting the day 's activities whilst making new friends and meeting old adversaries .
again , the atmosphere is friendly with everyone recounting the day 's activities [while] making new friends and meeting old adversaries .

The smaller one day races , whilst not having the same cult status , are treated just as seriously with most races offering trophies and some even cash prizes .
the smaller one day races , [while] not having the same cult status , are treated just as seriously with most races offering trophies and some even cash prizes .

Whilst at the track the police arrived and arrested him for being in possession of a stolen car .
[while] at the track the police arrived and arrested him for being in possession of a stolen car .

Whilst the highest hill in an area would often be used , it was more important that this should have a distinctive shape or be prominent in relation to the surrounding countryside .
[while] the highest hill in an area would often be used , it was more important that this should have a distinctive shape or be prominent in relation to the surrounding countryside .

Whilst they are heavy , it would have been quite possible , by co-operative effort , to move them into the right position to mark ‘ the line ’ .
[while] they are heavy , it would have been quite possible , by co-operative effort , to move them into the right position to mark ‘ the line ’ .

Whilst he considered that the old straight tracks had actually been called ‘ leys ’ , Watkins did not disagree with the orthodox interpretation of this element as ‘ pasture ’ or ‘ field ’ .
[while] he considered that the old straight tracks had actually been called ‘ leys ’ , watkins did not disagree with the orthodox interpretation of this element as ‘ pasture ’ or ‘ field ’ .

Whilst a profusion of information has been revealed , archaeology has , by its very nature , been largely concerned with what is found physically , which tends to emphasize the mundane , domestic level of existence .
[while] a profusion of information has been revealed , archaeology has , by its very nature , been largely concerned with what is found physically , which tends to emphasize the mundane , domestic level of existence .

Whilst much work remains to be done , energy anomalies do seem to exist at prehistoric sites . As Larkman remarks :
[while] much work remains to be done , energy anomalies do seem to exist at prehistoric sites . as larkman remarks :

Whilst the famous photographs of the Cottingley fairies , taken in 1917 , have been admitted not to be genuine , it is equally clear from the researches of author Joe Cooper that at least one of the girls concerned , Frances Griffiths , did see fairies in Cottingley Glen , as did Geoffrey Hodson .
[while] the famous photographs of the cottingley fairies , taken in 1917 , have been admitted not to be genuine , it is equally clear from the researches of author joe cooper that at least one of the girls concerned , frances griffiths , did see fairies in cottingley glen , as did geoffrey hodson .

Whilst the forms of inspiration vary , the individual needs to attune to the ‘ atmosphere ’ of the place , so that it can encourage the artistic and creative faculties to respond and generate output that is deeper , finer and more prolific than otherwise .
[while] the forms of inspiration vary , the individual needs to attune to the ‘ atmosphere ’ of the place , so that it can encourage the artistic and creative faculties to respond and generate output that is deeper , finer and more prolific than otherwise .

Whilst most modern witch covens can be traced back only as far as the revival stimulated by Gerald Gardner and the repeal of the Witchcraft Acts in the 1950s , there still exist traditional covens which date back much further .
[while] most modern witch covens can be traced back only as far as the revival stimulated by gerald gardner and the repeal of the witchcraft acts in the 1950s , there still exist traditional covens which date back much further .

It is also certain that whilst the leaders of a community may have , possibly for political expediency , formally converted to Christianity , most people retained their pagan beliefs and practices .
it is also certain that [while] the leaders of a community may have , possibly for political expediency , formally converted to christianity , most people retained their pagan beliefs and practices .

Critics , whilst accepting the reality of the dowsable lines which Underwood had discovered , generally concluded that they were the result of the physical features rather than the reverse .
critics , [while] accepting the reality of the dowsable lines which underwood had discovered , generally concluded that they were the result of the physical features rather than the reverse .

Whilst Underwood 's somewhat arbitrary classification is now little used , the patterns which he detected , multi-strand lines and spirals , continue to be found by those who in some cases have had little contact with his original work .
[while] underwood 's somewhat arbitrary classification is now little used , the patterns which he detected , multi-strand lines and spirals , continue to be found by those who in some cases have had little contact with his original work .

Trees and tree clumps have a special attraction for me as they symbolized my own introduction to Earth Mysteries , through Tony Wedd . He read The Old Straight Track in 1949 whilst living in London and , fresh from reading , he took a walk across Parliament Hill to Highgate Ponds :
trees and tree clumps have a special attraction for me as they symbolized my own introduction to earth mysteries , through tony wedd . he read the old straight track in 1949 [while] living in london and , fresh from reading , he took a walk across parliament hill to highgate ponds :

Painting , architecture ( as its most pure ) , and literature have a definitive form or text , and although the same can be said of drama whilst it remains on the printed page , its conversion to the performing medium allows a great deal more flexibility than music ever can .
painting , architecture ( as its most pure ) , and literature have a definitive form or text , and although the same can be said of drama [while] it remains on the printed page , its conversion to the performing medium allows a great deal more flexibility than music ever can .

The performer 's responsibility is to unfold the structure of a piece — to show why it hangs together — whilst simultaneously characterising the interplay of various contrasted musical elements .
the performer 's responsibility is to unfold the structure of a piece — to show why it hangs together — [while] simultaneously characterising the interplay of various contrasted musical elements .

Whilst it is always desirable to have the central repertoire available in the lower price ranges , it seems to me that ‘ bargain ’ labels really come into their own by offering less familiar fayre .
[while] it is always desirable to have the central repertoire available in the lower price ranges , it seems to me that ‘ bargain ’ labels really come into their own by offering less familiar fayre .

It is very hard to pin down just exactly how Richter weaves his magic spell ; that unique full sound he draws from the instrument at all dynamic levels , whilst utilising a seemingly limitless variety of articulation ; the scintillating combination of intellect , technical bravura , and extraordinary interpretative perception ? Well , whatever it is , the playing on this disc is nothing short of mesmerising .
it is very hard to pin down just exactly how richter weaves his magic spell ; that unique full sound he draws from the instrument at all dynamic levels , [while] utilising a seemingly limitless variety of articulation ; the scintillating combination of intellect , technical bravura , and extraordinary interpretative perception ? well , whatever it is , the playing on this disc is nothing short of mesmerising .

, despite Rachmaninov 's clear instruction that whilst the rest of the orchestra play a quaver , the tam-tam should go to the end of the bar ( notated dotted crotchet ) with the implication that it should be allowed to carry on beyond .
, despite rachmaninov 's clear instruction that [while] the rest of the orchestra play a quaver , the tam-tam should go to the end of the bar ( notated dotted crotchet ) with the implication that it should be allowed to carry on beyond .

Heinrich Neuhaus , the great teacher , performs a selection of the Préludes with a civilised warmth , authority of experience , and conviction of phrasing , whilst the disc finishes with performances from the composer 's son-in-law , Vladimir Sofronitski .
heinrich neuhaus , the great teacher , performs a selection of the préludes with a civilised warmth , authority of experience , and conviction of phrasing , [while] the disc finishes with performances from the composer 's son-in-law , vladimir sofronitski .

His fleeting account of Rejoice Beloved Christians reminds one of Horowitz , whilst the depth of tone in Nun Komm der Heiden Heiland transforms the chosen Yamaha instrument into something very special .
his fleeting account of rejoice beloved christians reminds one of horowitz , [while] the depth of tone in nun komm der heiden heiland transforms the chosen yamaha instrument into something very special .

Bernarda Fink 's rich contralto brings tragic intensity to the role of the widowed Cornelia , whilst Derek Lee Ragin is a suitably blustering Ptolemy , singing the despot 's often angular lines with commendable accuracy .
bernarda fink 's rich contralto brings tragic intensity to the role of the widowed cornelia , [while] derek lee ragin is a suitably blustering ptolemy , singing the despot 's often angular lines with commendable accuracy .

Do you dream of making it to the top of the corporate tree whilst still short of the tooth and long in ideas ? The boards of 15 quoted companies — listed in Hemmington Scott 's Corporate Register * — have been energised by the appointment of a director below the age of 30 . Business asked the 10 youngest : ‘ How did you make it to the top so quickly ? ’
do you dream of making it to the top of the corporate tree [while] still short of the tooth and long in ideas ? the boards of 15 quoted companies — listed in hemmington scott 's corporate register * — have been energised by the appointment of a director below the age of 30 . business asked the 10 youngest : ‘ how did you make it to the top so quickly ? ’

It was also during this age that Scotland provided two notable genre painters in James Howe and Walter Geikie , whilst Thomas Arrowsmith flourished in Liverpool .
it was also during this age that scotland provided two notable genre painters in james howe and walter geikie , [while] thomas arrowsmith flourished in liverpool .

The first recorded death of a deaf person in a railway accident occurred in Cardiff in June 1875 when a 60 years old Irish visitor , John Thomas Morris , was struck by a train whilst walking along the tracks .
the first recorded death of a deaf person in a railway accident occurred in cardiff in june 1875 when a 60 years old irish visitor , john thomas morris , was struck by a train [while] walking along the tracks .

He died on 15th November 1910 whilst living in retirement at Walberswick , Suffolk , and is buried in St. Andrew 's Church in the same plot of ground as his hearing wife Charlotte , and painter son Allan Douglas Davidson ( 1873–1932 ) .
he died on 15th november 1910 [while] living in retirement at walberswick , suffolk , and is buried in st. andrew 's church in the same plot of ground as his hearing wife charlotte , and painter son allan douglas davidson ( 1873–1932 ) .

He died , unexpectedly , after a short illness aged only 39 whilst staying at the Phoenix Hotel in Taunton .
he died , unexpectedly , after a short illness aged only 39 [while] staying at the phoenix hotel in taunton .

( In 1874 , whilst at her favourite residence at Osborne in the Isle of Wight , Queen Victoria made a number of trips to the post office at nearby Whippingham where she would stay for some hours comforting a dying deaf woman , Mrs. Elizabeth Tuffield , nee Groves .
( in 1874 , [while] at her favourite residence at osborne in the isle of wight , queen victoria made a number of trips to the post office at nearby whippingham where she would stay for some hours comforting a dying deaf woman , mrs. elizabeth tuffield , nee groves .

McCandless , accompanied by a Canadian student named Arthur Jaffray , spotted Mrs. O'Connor about an hour later and whilst Jaffray ran for a boat and some ropes , McCandless with complete disregard for the dangers , fought his way through the strong current to reach Mrs. O'Connor and supported her until Jaffray arrived in a boat with the woman 's father .
mccandless , accompanied by a canadian student named arthur jaffray , spotted mrs. o'connor about an hour later and [while] jaffray ran for a boat and some ropes , mccandless with complete disregard for the dangers , fought his way through the strong current to reach mrs. o'connor and supported her until jaffray arrived in a boat with the woman 's father .

Whilst studying at the College , Frank was instrumental in bringing an unconscious man round , and was henceforth known to his fellow-students as ‘ the doctor ’ , and every day thereafter had some ‘ visits ’ to make .
[while] studying at the college , frank was instrumental in bringing an unconscious man round , and was henceforth known to his fellow-students as ‘ the doctor ’ , and every day thereafter had some ‘ visits ’ to make .

Centres which received some damage included Norwich and Birmingham whilst in Bristol the square in which the deaf centre stood was reduced to rubble except for the deaf centre , which was unscathed except for blasted windows .
centres which received some damage included norwich and birmingham [while] in bristol the square in which the deaf centre stood was reduced to rubble except for the deaf centre , which was unscathed except for blasted windows .

In Manchester , the Church of All Saints across the road was reduced to rubble , whilst the deaf institute remained unscathed .
in manchester , the church of all saints across the road was reduced to rubble , [while] the deaf institute remained unscathed .

Whilst this means no standing dead timber , the possible survival of the elm as a hedgerow tree must be more beneficial , particularly since in these areas the elm is the principal farmland tree .
[while] this means no standing dead timber , the possible survival of the elm as a hedgerow tree must be more beneficial , particularly since in these areas the elm is the principal farmland tree .

Whilst all research students are formally registered in one of the University 's Departments , opportunities for postgraduate study also exist within a number of Interdisciplinary Research Centres , details of which are available on page 45 .
[while] all research students are formally registered in one of the university 's departments , opportunities for postgraduate study also exist within a number of interdisciplinary research centres , details of which are available on page 45 .

Whilst research students are registered within one of the above Departments , research in the Faculty is arranged under ten areas of Research Specialism as detailed below :
[while] research students are registered within one of the above departments , research in the faculty is arranged under ten areas of research specialism as detailed below :

In addition , whilst in the ward , the learner has the opportunity to work in close contact with specialists in all fields .
in addition , [while] in the ward , the learner has the opportunity to work in close contact with specialists in all fields .

Whilst in the ward , however , a patient is also the ideal audio-visual aid for learning ( Fig .
[while] in the ward , however , a patient is also the ideal audio-visual aid for learning ( fig .

Frequent supervision whilst the student attains proficiency is therefore necessary to ensure that a good technique is developed .
frequent supervision [while] the student attains proficiency is therefore necessary to ensure that a good technique is developed .

An aim can be taken to be a statement of intent on the part of the teacher , usually expressed in general terms , whilst an objective is a statement describing in specific terms what the student is expected to do at the end of a course of learning experience .
an aim can be taken to be a statement of intent on the part of the teacher , usually expressed in general terms , [while] an objective is a statement describing in specific terms what the student is expected to do at the end of a course of learning experience .

One important difference between the two lists is that those in list ( a ) refer to internal events and states , whilst those in list ( b ) denote external and therefore observable behaviour .
one important difference between the two lists is that those in list ( a ) refer to internal events and states , [while] those in list ( b ) denote external and therefore observable behaviour .

Some may prefer to be presented with a prescribed set of facts and skills , whilst others may learn best by being encouraged to discover things for themselves , often as solutions to problems .
some may prefer to be presented with a prescribed set of facts and skills , [while] others may learn best by being encouraged to discover things for themselves , often as solutions to problems .

Some information is registered and acted upon , other information may register but be stored and recalled later whilst other information may not be registered at all .
some information is registered and acted upon , other information may register but be stored and recalled later [while] other information may not be registered at all .

Some are simple , like ‘ patient ’ , with only a few critical attributes , whilst others such as ‘ emotion , , ‘ perception ’ and ‘ learning are complex .
some are simple , like ‘ patient ’ , with only a few critical attributes , [while] others such as ‘ emotion , , ‘ perception ’ and ‘ learning are complex .

In the above examples , some may have dog — mammal — animal as the only categories , whilst others may have extensive structures linked and merged laterally .
in the above examples , some may have dog — mammal — animal as the only categories , [while] others may have extensive structures linked and merged laterally .

holding a conversation , whilst performing the activity .
holding a conversation , [while] performing the activity .

Concepts and rules are most often taught by definition and description , and whilst this can be successful , given a good communication technique , it has the disadvantage of failing to produce generalisation .
concepts and rules are most often taught by definition and description , and [while] this can be successful , given a good communication technique , it has the disadvantage of failing to produce generalisation .

In the past , it has been assumed that nurses have already developed these skills when leaving school , or that they are acquired whilst providing patient care .
in the past , it has been assumed that nurses have already developed these skills when leaving school , or that they are acquired [while] providing patient care .

They are very often at the front of the class for the sole use of the teacher , whilst the class sits passively .
they are very often at the front of the class for the sole use of the teacher , [while] the class sits passively .

Dissection classes with small groups of students are excellent since even the squeamish can take part as onlookers , whilst a fellow student performs the dissection .
dissection classes with small groups of students are excellent since even the squeamish can take part as onlookers , [while] a fellow student performs the dissection .

Major Asian Studies students continue to learn Japanese whilst joint and minor students may choose to do so .
major asian studies students continue to learn japanese [while] joint and minor students may choose to do so .

The final year follows the same principles , whilst allowing students the opportunity to choose more specialized themes for study , particularly in the literature , thought and society of 19th and 20th-century France .
the final year follows the same principles , [while] allowing students the opportunity to choose more specialized themes for study , particularly in the literature , thought and society of 19th and 20th-century france .

Whatever their standards , they were successful , collecting money for the charities whilst making good business contacts .
whatever their standards , they were successful , collecting money for the charities [while] making good business contacts .

Whilst keeping his Manchester activities going , his most important move in the late 1890s was to take rooms at Trafalgar House , Great Newport Street , in London .
[while] keeping his manchester activities going , his most important move in the late 1890s was to take rooms at trafalgar house , great newport street , in london .

As his family began to grow , money was hard to come by so he became a clerk for his family and John cannily gave dressmaking work to his new daughter-in-law to help them survive whilst getting good value for money for himself .
as his family began to grow , money was hard to come by so he became a clerk for his family and john cannily gave dressmaking work to his new daughter-in-law to help them survive [while] getting good value for money for himself .

Whilst Angela was signing the contract , John Tiller himself walked in .
[while] angela was signing the contract , john tiller himself walked in .

They sing a buoyant chorus song and march around the stage whilst performing evolutions .
they sing a buoyant chorus song and march around the stage [while] performing evolutions .

Whilst resident at the Palace , their conductor was Herman Finck , a composer who collaborated with John for the Winter Gardens seasons .
[while] resident at the palace , their conductor was herman finck , a composer who collaborated with john for the winter gardens seasons .

Whilst they were doing five shows a day and rehearsing at the Paramount , they were told to double at the Lido . This was in the heart of the Champs Elysées and was a subterranean establishment consisting of a swimming pool , a Turkish bath and a cabaret :
[while] they were doing five shows a day and rehearsing at the paramount , they were told to double at the lido . this was in the heart of the champs elysées and was a subterranean establishment consisting of a swimming pool , a turkish bath and a cabaret :

Again Wordsworth in his Guide to the Lakes says , whilst referring to a local resident ‘ … ( He ) must have experienced , while looking on the unruffled waters ( of a lake ) that the imagination is carried into the recesses of feeling otherwise impenetrable ’ .
again wordsworth in his guide to the lakes says , [while] referring to a local resident ‘ … ( he ) must have experienced , while looking on the unruffled waters ( of a lake ) that the imagination is carried into the recesses of feeling otherwise impenetrable ’ .

The site from which the mountains were drawn would be chosen so the different peaks arranged themselves to their best advantage whilst retaining their correct topographical position .
the site from which the mountains were drawn would be chosen so the different peaks arranged themselves to their best advantage [while] retaining their correct topographical position .

23 April 1992 is an important date in the operatic calendar giving you the opportunity to preview Opera North 's 1992/92 season whilst helping to sponsor a new production of Verdi 's enormously popular Don Carlos .
23 april 1992 is an important date in the operatic calendar giving you the opportunity to preview opera north 's 1992/92 season [while] helping to sponsor a new production of verdi 's enormously popular don carlos .

This fascinating play shows the aftermath of this unexpected death and its effect on three remarkable women whilst taking a respectful yet gently mocking look at psychoanalysis .
this fascinating play shows the aftermath of this unexpected death and its effect on three remarkable women [while] taking a respectful yet gently mocking look at psychoanalysis .

This theme will be expanded by Frances Needham and Jonathan Reid in dance , whilst there will be explorations too into the healing and harmony that expressed creativity can bring to the soul .
this theme will be expanded by frances needham and jonathan reid in dance , [while] there will be explorations too into the healing and harmony that expressed creativity can bring to the soul .

Some unexpected surprises are in store for you whilst walking around the gallery .
some unexpected surprises are in store for you [while] walking around the gallery .

All aspects of women at war — rationing , clothing coupons , working in munitions factories , coping with the black-out , the black market , whilst husbands , sons , brothers and loved ones fighting abroad …
all aspects of women at war — rationing , clothing coupons , working in munitions factories , coping with the black-out , the black market , [while] husbands , sons , brothers and loved ones fighting abroad …

It is down these channels that the salmon run , making for the sea whilst trying to avoid becoming stranded .
it is down these channels that the salmon run , making for the sea [while] trying to avoid becoming stranded .

Early in 1979 , fifty people lost their lives as a result of an explosion aboard the tanker Betelgeuse whilst it was anchored at Bantry Bay in County Cork .
early in 1979 , fifty people lost their lives as a result of an explosion aboard the tanker betelgeuse [while] it was anchored at bantry bay in county cork .

But whilst this association is most noticeable between the extremes of the social class scale , it is far less marked between the middle groups .
but [while] this association is most noticeable between the extremes of the social class scale , it is far less marked between the middle groups .

Consequently , borrowing is encouraged whilst savers in the economy demand a higher interest rate for the use of their funds , otherwise savers will spend/invest in commodities less likely to lose their value than money .
consequently , borrowing is encouraged [while] savers in the economy demand a higher interest rate for the use of their funds , otherwise savers will spend/invest in commodities less likely to lose their value than money .

Bank liabilities are different from other financial intermediaries ' liabilities in that they form part of a nation 's money supply whilst these other institutions must maintain accounts with banks .
bank liabilities are different from other financial intermediaries ' liabilities in that they form part of a nation 's money supply [while] these other institutions must maintain accounts with banks .

Forward premiums are deducted from the existing spot rate whilst forward discounts are added to the spot rate , in order to ascertain the future value of receipts and payments for exporters and importers in their own domestic currencies .
forward premiums are deducted from the existing spot rate [while] forward discounts are added to the spot rate , in order to ascertain the future value of receipts and payments for exporters and importers in their own domestic currencies .

To satisfy political aspirations some LDCs ' governments nationalised ( took into state ownership ) foreign banking operations , whilst others insisted on local incorporation into a subsidiary company in which the government or its nationals had a shareholding .
to satisfy political aspirations some ldcs ' governments nationalised ( took into state ownership ) foreign banking operations , [while] others insisted on local incorporation into a subsidiary company in which the government or its nationals had a shareholding .

Some were established to serve specific regional or industry needs whilst others enabled small domestically-orientated banks in various countries to participate collectively in the euro-currency markets .
some were established to serve specific regional or industry needs [while] others enabled small domestically-orientated banks in various countries to participate collectively in the euro-currency markets .

One company had one planner , whilst another had 50 planners .
one company had one planner , [while] another had 50 planners .

Set back , uncared for amongst bracken at the edge of an arable field , was a short-armed Iona cross , a monument to ‘ Waverley Arthur Cameron of the Oban Times ’ drowned in 1891 whilst his sailing boat foundered off the coast — erected by his sorrowing father .
set back , uncared for amongst bracken at the edge of an arable field , was a short-armed iona cross , a monument to ‘ waverley arthur cameron of the oban times ’ drowned in 1891 [while] his sailing boat foundered off the coast — erected by his sorrowing father .

These later governments have advocated ( if not always implemented ) programmes designed to reduce collectivism , public-sector activity and expenditure , and apparent social dependency , whilst liberating enterprise and encouraging individualism .
these later governments have advocated ( if not always implemented ) programmes designed to reduce collectivism , public-sector activity and expenditure , and apparent social dependency , [while] liberating enterprise and encouraging individualism .

whilst there remain widely varying explanations of the reasons for the disturbances of 1981 , 1983 and 1985 , there can be no doubt that the fear of social disorder , and its association with the needs and demands of black people , has been a major factor in sustaining central government interest in inner cities policy .
[while] there remain widely varying explanations of the reasons for the disturbances of 1981 , 1983 and 1985 , there can be no doubt that the fear of social disorder , and its association with the needs and demands of black people , has been a major factor in sustaining central government interest in inner cities policy .

Whilst England favours sterling and upstanding professionals like Billy Wright , Bobby Charlton and Gary Lineker , Scotland has traditionally lionised the anti-heroes , players like Alex James , Jim Baxter , Jimmy Johnstone and Mo Johnston , men who seem to be at war with authority and traumatised by their exceptional skills .
[while] england favours sterling and upstanding professionals like billy wright , bobby charlton and gary lineker , scotland has traditionally lionised the anti-heroes , players like alex james , jim baxter , jimmy johnstone and mo johnston , men who seem to be at war with authority and traumatised by their exceptional skills .

Despite being fined £500 for making foul and abusive comments to match officials whilst managing Doncaster Rovers , Bremner wielded a rod of discipline and rarely bothered to reflect on his image as a rogue newly attuned to respectability .
despite being fined £500 for making foul and abusive comments to match officials [while] managing doncaster rovers , bremner wielded a rod of discipline and rarely bothered to reflect on his image as a rogue newly attuned to respectability .

Whilst the rest of Scotland 's footballing anti-heroes stumbled from one seedy den to another , drinking anything in their way , Frank McAvennie has devoted his life to human affection .
[while] the rest of scotland 's footballing anti-heroes stumbled from one seedy den to another , drinking anything in their way , frank mcavennie has devoted his life to human affection .

In the two day court case McMurdo argued that he had set up the deal whilst McClair was his client .
in the two day court case mcmurdo argued that he had set up the deal [while] mcclair was his client .

It is , of course , quite obvious once we stop to think about it that the important difference between those that produced the cold and those that did not is that one group was susceptible to it whilst the other one was not .
it is , of course , quite obvious once we stop to think about it that the important difference between those that produced the cold and those that did not is that one group was susceptible to it [while] the other one was not .

For instance one may find marked relief from taking warm drinks which would make another feel much worse ; one may have a high fever and sweats whilst another has no fever at all ; one may be hot and want to be uncovered and in the fresh air whilst another is hot yet wants to be covered up to his chin ; one may wish to continue his work whilst another might only wish to lie down and die and so on .
for instance one may find marked relief from taking warm drinks which would make another feel much worse ; one may have a high fever and sweats [while] another has no fever at all ; one may be hot and want to be uncovered and in the fresh air [while] another is hot yet wants to be covered up to his chin ; one may wish to continue his work [while] another might only wish to lie down and die and so on .

Whilst first aid remedies may be of use for each episode of acute illness , proper constitutional treatment and advice is likely to be more appropriate to help with the long term tendency to become unwell repeatedly .
[while] first aid remedies may be of use for each episode of acute illness , proper constitutional treatment and advice is likely to be more appropriate to help with the long term tendency to become unwell repeatedly .

Whilst treating anyone with remedies they should avoid anything with a strong smell , scent , aroma or perfume .
[while] treating anyone with remedies they should avoid anything with a strong smell , scent , aroma or perfume .

Do not repeat the remedy whilst improvement is still occurring .
do not repeat the remedy [while] improvement is still occurring .

Whilst you are waiting for the expert help to arrive , there is no reason why you should not take the person 's case and find a remedy for him .
[while] you are waiting for the expert help to arrive , there is no reason why you should not take the person 's case and find a remedy for him .

Even whilst a person is waiting to go to hospital there may be something you can do to help .
even [while] a person is waiting to go to hospital there may be something you can do to help .

Whilst each episode of cystitis may be helped by remedies selected from these tables , the tendency for the condition to recur is unlikely to be affected .
[while] each episode of cystitis may be helped by remedies selected from these tables , the tendency for the condition to recur is unlikely to be affected .

Whilst period pain may be helped each month by remedies selected from this table , the recurrent nature of these problems is unlikely to be affected until a more constitutional approach is adopted .
[while] period pain may be helped each month by remedies selected from this table , the recurrent nature of these problems is unlikely to be affected until a more constitutional approach is adopted .

with the baby under your arm , like a rugby or an American football player carrying a ball whilst running .
with the baby under your arm , like a rugby or an american football player carrying a ball [while] running .

Whilst lying down with the baby beside you in line with your body .
[while] lying down with the baby beside you in line with your body .

Fevers may come on from going into cold air whilst hot ; with trembling , aching bones and muscles ; a dazed state , they can not remember things .
fevers may come on from going into cold air [while] hot ; with trembling , aching bones and muscles ; a dazed state , they can not remember things .

Complaints come on from cold and damp weather or exposure , getting the feet wet or exposure whilst perspiring , overexertion , strained muscles
complaints come on from cold and damp weather or exposure , getting the feet wet or exposure [while] perspiring , overexertion , strained muscles

Complaints come on from cold and damp weather or exposure , getting the feet wet or exposure whilst perspiring , overexertion , strained muscles .
complaints come on from cold and damp weather or exposure , getting the feet wet or exposure [while] perspiring , overexertion , strained muscles .

Stop at the crafts center of Los Telares to take a look down into its green and fertile valley , and ask if you can try the local liqueur , mistela , whilst watching women making blankets and rugs on their antique looms .
stop at the crafts center of los telares to take a look down into its green and fertile valley , and ask if you can try the local liqueur , mistela , [while] watching women making blankets and rugs on their antique looms .

Some communities are close to HCFs , whilst others are a great distance from any HCF , with a range of 0–90 km ( Figure 2A ) .
some communities are close to hcfs , [while] others are a great distance from any hcf , with a range of 0–90 km ( figure 2a ) .

To obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are A ARV regimes for a total of individuals with HIV , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes Our goal is to minimize E , by solving for the number of ARVs to be allocated to each HCF ( S 1 , S 2 , … , S n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of ARVs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all HCFs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of ARVs are allocated to each HCF ( S j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with HIV in the community ( T i ≤ I i , i = 1… m ) .
to obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are a arv regimes for a total of individuals with hiv , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes our goal is to minimize e , by solving for the number of arvs to be allocated to each hcf ( s 1 , s 2 , … , s n ) , [while] enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of arvs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all hcfs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of arvs are allocated to each hcf ( s j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with hiv in the community ( t i ≤ i i , i = 1… m ) .

Whilst our OEAS does not fully achieve this , it is considerably better than both of the comparison ARV allocation strategies .
[while] our oeas does not fully achieve this , it is considerably better than both of the comparison arv allocation strategies .

Whilst there has been considerable attention given to South Africa , many other countries worldwide either have plans in place ( e.g. , Brazil , Thailand , and Botswana ) or are in the process of developing national programs for ARV distribution through the public health system ( e.g. , Mozambique , Malawi , and Kenya ) [ 1 ] .
[while] there has been considerable attention given to south africa , many other countries worldwide either have plans in place ( e.g. , brazil , thailand , and botswana ) or are in the process of developing national programs for arv distribution through the public health system ( e.g. , mozambique , malawi , and kenya ) [ 1 ] .

The consequence of Parkinson 's disease ( PD ) is well described : a progressive movement disorder that , whilst responding to symptomatic therapy , chronically disables its sufferers and adds an enormous economic burden in an aging society .
the consequence of parkinson 's disease ( pd ) is well described : a progressive movement disorder that , [while] responding to symptomatic therapy , chronically disables its sufferers and adds an enormous economic burden in an aging society .

Whilst dominant mutations overwhelm the ability of cells to survive , recessive mutations result in the absence of protective proteins and make the neuron grow weaker .
[while] dominant mutations overwhelm the ability of cells to survive , recessive mutations result in the absence of protective proteins and make the neuron grow weaker .

Whilst in some cases data may be obtained from the literature , it is likely that new work will have to be undertaken , especially in the southern hemisphere , where the number of past investigations of such traits is generally much lower than in the north .
[while] in some cases data may be obtained from the literature , it is likely that new work will have to be undertaken , especially in the southern hemisphere , where the number of past investigations of such traits is generally much lower than in the north .

Thus , whilst penguins might at first appear counter , spare , and strange , they serve as a reminder that differences between the north and south might not be so much strange , as remarkable and worthy of closer attention .
thus , [while] penguins might at first appear counter , spare , and strange , they serve as a reminder that differences between the north and south might not be so much strange , as remarkable and worthy of closer attention .

The simulated populations were allowed to evolve whilst being selected for an optimum phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were exposed to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .
the simulated populations were allowed to evolve [while] being selected for an optimum phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were exposed to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .

Whilst a debate continues as to the most appropriate route to achieve open access to all research literature , it is important to bear in mind that the publication and the archiving of research articles are intrinsically linked .
[while] a debate continues as to the most appropriate route to achieve open access to all research literature , it is important to bear in mind that the publication and the archiving of research articles are intrinsically linked .

However , the Trust considers that the development of a PubMed Central portal in the UK offers the best next step in the transition towards a situation where all high-quality peer-reviewed research is available for free via the Internet , whilst leaving all publishers room for manoeuvre in this changing market .
however , the trust considers that the development of a pubmed central portal in the uk offers the best next step in the transition towards a situation where all high-quality peer-reviewed research is available for free via the internet , [while] leaving all publishers room for manoeuvre in this changing market .

Whilst the identification of a curation team 's terminology in the scientific text under scrutiny is immensely valuable , there is still a long way to go before this becomes routine .
[while] the identification of a curation team 's terminology in the scientific text under scrutiny is immensely valuable , there is still a long way to go before this becomes routine .

Whilst each death is a terrible tragedy and an indescribably harrowing experience for those close to the victim , these figures are small when compared with other ways in which food kills .
[while] each death is a terrible tragedy and an indescribably harrowing experience for those close to the victim , these figures are small when compared with other ways in which food kills .

In the case of an apoplast , the pathogen is P. infestans , whilst in the mammalian gut , it 's T. gondii —and although they are phylogenetically distant , these pathogens seem to have independently recruited similar secreted proteins to inhibit the defensive proteases produced by their hosts .
in the case of an apoplast , the pathogen is p. infestans , [while] in the mammalian gut , it 's t. gondii —and although they are phylogenetically distant , these pathogens seem to have independently recruited similar secreted proteins to inhibit the defensive proteases produced by their hosts .

Interestingly , whilst T. gondii inhibitors inhibit gut enzymes trypsin and chymotrypsin , EPI1 does not , suggesting that coevolution between the inhibitors and their target proteases may shape the specificity of these pathogenic enzymes .
interestingly , [while] t. gondii inhibitors inhibit gut enzymes trypsin and chymotrypsin , epi1 does not , suggesting that coevolution between the inhibitors and their target proteases may shape the specificity of these pathogenic enzymes .

None of the papers catches the irony of Republicans introducing sexual explicitness into the public sphere whilst Democrats fight to keep it out .
none of the papers catches the irony of republicans introducing sexual explicitness into the public sphere [while] democrats fight to keep it out .

More often than not , we in Britain do not know what they mean , whilst foreigners from Boulogne-sur-Mer to Beijing seem to know exactly their meaning and history .
more often than not , we in britain do not know what they mean , [while] foreigners from boulogne-sur-mer to beijing seem to know exactly their meaning and history .

Such is the depth of the lexicographical treatment that the dictionary , whilst containing only 2,500 articles , occupies 685 pages !
such is the depth of the lexicographical treatment that the dictionary , [while] containing only 2,500 articles , occupies 685 pages !

Whilst many of these terms may have entered the common vernacular , that is not the case with the majority .
[while] many of these terms may have entered the common vernacular , that is not the case with the majority .

Young Offenders Institute , whilst his adult counterpart may go to a Dispersal , where longtermers are assessed before being sent to other jails .
young offenders institute , [while] his adult counterpart may go to a dispersal , where longtermers are assessed before being sent to other jails .

Frouden means to be afraid or to be frit , whilst feeling ill was once expressed as I be gellish ornary today .
frouden means to be afraid or to be frit , [while] feeling ill was once expressed as i be gellish ornary today .

It is , indeed , just possible that , in this second case of forgetfulness , the substitution of Cantabrigia as a heading , for the original Cambridge , may have had something to do with the matter ; but if Prof. Skeat had taken the trouble to consult the Indexes as I have done , his eye would certainly , whilst looking for Cambridge , have been caught , as my own was , by Cantabridga , which stands very near to it .
it is , indeed , just possible that , in this second case of forgetfulness , the substitution of cantabrigia as a heading , for the original cambridge , may have had something to do with the matter ; but if prof. skeat had taken the trouble to consult the indexes as i have done , his eye would certainly , [while] looking for cambridge , have been caught , as my own was , by cantabridga , which stands very near to it .

The earliest known example of Dear me is no older than 1773 , whilst Oh dear occurs as early as 1694 , and is the earliest known phrase in which dear occurs at all .
the earliest known example of dear me is no older than 1773 , [while] oh dear occurs as early as 1694 , and is the earliest known phrase in which dear occurs at all .

For the earliest example of Dear save us is no earlier than 1719 ; whilst , on the other hand , the use of dea occurs in Rabelais , and Godefroy , in his supplement , quotes the phrase Dya , dya , houoih , hau dia , i.e .
for the earliest example of dear save us is no earlier than 1719 ; [while] , on the other hand , the use of dea occurs in rabelais , and godefroy , in his supplement , quotes the phrase dya , dya , houoih , hau dia , i.e .

Quang Phuc Dong 's English Sentences Without Overt Grammatical Subject looks at the oft-questioned basis of fuck you ! , whilst Munç Wang 's Copulative Sentences in English : A Germanic Language Spoken in Northern Delaware studies the grammaticality ( in the author 's idiolect ) of such sentences as Micky fucked Michelle 's cadaver in the ass ( grammatical ) , Bret fucked the mannikin through the hole he drilled in its throat ( of questionable grammaticality ) , and Fred fucked the log through a hole that squirrels had made ( ungrammatical ) .
quang phuc dong 's english sentences without overt grammatical subject looks at the oft-questioned basis of fuck you ! , [while] munç wang 's copulative sentences in english : a germanic language spoken in northern delaware studies the grammaticality ( in the author 's idiolect ) of such sentences as micky fucked michelle 's cadaver in the ass ( grammatical ) , bret fucked the mannikin through the hole he drilled in its throat ( of questionable grammaticality ) , and fred fucked the log through a hole that squirrels had made ( ungrammatical ) .

Tories , my dear , are people who like to have a queen , and lords , and bishops , and more or less remain as they are -- whilst Radicals object to having a queen and a House of Lords , and are dissatisfied with everything and everybody , jealous of all who are better off than themselves , and are always trying to rob them of their property , and , in fact , they 're a pack of infernal rogues and scoundrels !
tories , my dear , are people who like to have a queen , and lords , and bishops , and more or less remain as they are -- [while] radicals object to having a queen and a house of lords , and are dissatisfied with everything and everybody , jealous of all who are better off than themselves , and are always trying to rob them of their property , and , in fact , they 're a pack of infernal rogues and scoundrels !

Discubitory means ` lying down whilst propping oneself on one 's elbow . '
discubitory means ` lying down [while] propping oneself on one 's elbow . '

