but they just whither very quickly .
but they just [where] very quickly .

Your readers may or not be aware of the consternation currently being experienced in south-west Scotland following the installation of ‘ improved ’ technology at the Carlisle office of the Royal Mail whither our post has been taken for sorting for almost a decade .
your readers may or not be aware of the consternation currently being experienced in south-west scotland following the installation of ‘ improved ’ technology at the carlisle office of the royal mail [where] our post has been taken for sorting for almost a decade .

When thou wast young , thou girdedst thyself and walkedst whither thou wouldst ; but when thou shalt be old , thou shalt stretch forth thy hands and another shall gird thee and carry thee whither thou wouldst not .
when thou wast young , thou girdedst thyself and walkedst [where] thou wouldst ; but when thou shalt be old , thou shalt stretch forth thy hands and another shall gird thee and carry thee [where] thou wouldst not .

Yet there remains an important element of truth in the observation , ‘ another shall gird thee and carry thee whither thou wouldst not ’ .
yet there remains an important element of truth in the observation , ‘ another shall gird thee and carry thee [where] thou wouldst not ’ .

He , Aragorn and Théoden also state proverbs about freshness , with respectively ‘ Rede oft is found at the rising of the sun ’ , ‘ None knows what the new day shall bring him ’ , and ‘ In the morning counsels are best … ’ Legolas adds a spatial metaphor with his ‘ Few can foresee whither their road will lead them … ’ It should be noted that most of these are neutral on the optimism/pessimism scale , while some of the characters ' proverbs approach the meaningless .
he , aragorn and théoden also state proverbs about freshness , with respectively ‘ rede oft is found at the rising of the sun ’ , ‘ none knows what the new day shall bring him ’ , and ‘ in the morning counsels are best … ’ legolas adds a spatial metaphor with his ‘ few can foresee [where] their road will lead them … ’ it should be noted that most of these are neutral on the optimism/pessimism scale , while some of the characters ' proverbs approach the meaningless .

The poster had achieved a reputation comparable to the ‘ Whither China ?
the poster had achieved a reputation comparable to the ‘ [where] china ?

‘ Whither are we bound , my lord ? ’ he asked Richard of Gloucester .
‘ [where] are we bound , my lord ? ’ he asked richard of gloucester .

‘ Well , it seems to be the vagrants ’ code not to say where we come from or whither we are bound … ’
‘ well , it seems to be the vagrants ’ code not to say where we come from or [where] we are bound … ’

‘ Whither we are bound ! ’ You do speak in a strange way , like the old eagles used to . ’ It was her turn to laugh ‘ Where did you learn such an expression ? ’
‘ [where] we are bound ! ’ you do speak in a strange way , like the old eagles used to . ’ it was her turn to laugh ‘ where did you learn such an expression ? ’

Whither money advice ?
[where] money advice ?

The barbecue had been set up by the lake , whither Matthew and Sara were conducted by the white-jacketed foreign butler .
the barbecue had been set up by the lake , [where] matthew and sara were conducted by the white-jacketed foreign butler .

This is how he was described by one of his courtiers , Walter Map : `` Whatever way he goes out he is seized upon by the crowds and pulled hither and thither , pushed whither he would not and yet , surprising to say , he listens to each man with patience , and though assaulted by all with shouts and pullings and rough pushings , does not threaten anyone because of it , nor show any sign of anger ; only , when he is hustled beyond bearing , he silently retreats to some place of quiet . ``
this is how he was described by one of his courtiers , walter map : `` whatever way he goes out he is seized upon by the crowds and pulled hither and thither , pushed [where] he would not and yet , surprising to say , he listens to each man with patience , and though assaulted by all with shouts and pullings and rough pushings , does not threaten anyone because of it , nor show any sign of anger ; only , when he is hustled beyond bearing , he silently retreats to some place of quiet . ``

Whither the Pompidou Centre ?
[where] the pompidou centre ?

‘ And whither comes the wind ? ’
‘ and [where] comes the wind ? ’

‘ Whither lunch ? ’ Cornelius asked .
‘ [where] lunch ? ’ cornelius asked .

In other words , we have fossils that just suddenly appear around the world at one moment in geological history and " whence , and whither flown again , who knows " ? One can understand this , perhaps , in the fragmentary record of a rare and little-known group , but the Mesozoic brachiopods are now very thoroughly documented in every stage and the relations of these large and distinctive forms can hardly have been missed .
in other words , we have fossils that just suddenly appear around the world at one moment in geological history and " whence , and [where] flown again , who knows " ? one can understand this , perhaps , in the fragmentary record of a rare and little-known group , but the mesozoic brachiopods are now very thoroughly documented in every stage and the relations of these large and distinctive forms can hardly have been missed .

As priests and choir chant the story of the resurrection one priest is instructed to move away as if from the tomb , and then to turn back when another sings in Latin ‘ Whither goest thou ?
as priests and choir chant the story of the resurrection one priest is instructed to move away as if from the tomb , and then to turn back when another sings in latin ‘ [where] goest thou ?

It is getting steadily worse and is moving westward with the stream of refugees , who , having eaten their last stores and sold everything that would buy a morsel of bread , are wandering they know not whither .
it is getting steadily worse and is moving westward with the stream of refugees , who , having eaten their last stores and sold everything that would buy a morsel of bread , are wandering they know not [where] .

Although in Britain this big yellow-red is largely confined to its home region , it has spread abroad , like the Ruby of northern Devon , and seems to be much better appreciated overseas ; it has become established in North America , Australia and New Zealand , South America , and perhaps above all in South Africa , whither it was first exported in 1897 .
although in britain this big yellow-red is largely confined to its home region , it has spread abroad , like the ruby of northern devon , and seems to be much better appreciated overseas ; it has become established in north america , australia and new zealand , south america , and perhaps above all in south africa , [where] it was first exported in 1897 .

The face is dished , like that of the Jersey , and it probably has some Jersey blood from the nineteenth century , while the brindling probably comes from the old Normandy Isigny variety , a good butter producer and big enough to be used as a draught ox on Alderney and Guernsey , whither it was taken by monks in the time of William the Conqueror .
the face is dished , like that of the jersey , and it probably has some jersey blood from the nineteenth century , while the brindling probably comes from the old normandy isigny variety , a good butter producer and big enough to be used as a draught ox on alderney and guernsey , [where] it was taken by monks in the time of william the conqueror .

So with football and politics as the bread and circuses of our decadent empire — whither religion ?
so with football and politics as the bread and circuses of our decadent empire — [where] religion ?

Whither the Pokémon tots ?
[where] the pokémon tots ?

Moreover , I 've asked Steerforth not to reissue Whither ( 1925 ) , which was the first novel that she published .
moreover , i 've asked steerforth not to reissue [where] ( 1925 ) , which was the first novel that she published .

Similar obituaries and `` whither China ? ''
similar obituaries and `` [where] china ? ''

Whither serious drama ?
[where] serious drama ?

At bottom , his conjecture is that the entire song relates to a pilgrimage to Jerusalem from England , where ( two ) turtle doves is interpreted as ` de tour Douvres , ' whither one must go to cross to France , to ` lors de Liban , ' yielding ( eleven ) lords a-leaping .
at bottom , his conjecture is that the entire song relates to a pilgrimage to jerusalem from england , where ( two ) turtle doves is interpreted as ` de tour douvres , ' [where] one must go to cross to france , to ` lors de liban , ' yielding ( eleven ) lords a-leaping .

Though such words as betimes and whither and such forms as doth and hath have dropped out of ordinary usage , today 's English-speaking reader of average education can read most of the Diary without encountering any word that would send him to his dictionary .
though such words as betimes and [where] and such forms as doth and hath have dropped out of ordinary usage , today 's english-speaking reader of average education can read most of the diary without encountering any word that would send him to his dictionary .

See pages 117-118 , ” whither my fingers scurried .
see pages 117-118 , ” [where] my fingers scurried .

See page 161 , ” whither we skedaddled to find this execrable piece of misinformation : “ The word ` knothead ' was first used by Max Shulman in his Collection of Campus Stories : The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis ... , p. 61 .
see page 161 , ” [where] we skedaddled to find this execrable piece of misinformation : “ the word ` knothead ' was first used by max shulman in his collection of campus stories : the many loves of dobie gillis ... , p. 61 .

