`` God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on His name '' .
`` god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that [whoever] believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave he power to become the sons of god , even to them that believe on his name '' .

`` For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' ( John 3 : :
`` for god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that [whoever] believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' ( john 3 : :

Whosoever violates our rooftree , the legend states , can expect maximal sorrow .
[whoever] violates our rooftree , the legend states , can expect maximal sorrow .

Exerting this sense , he encountered the fog of daemonic shielding which was hiding whosoever occupied the hulk .
exerting this sense , he encountered the fog of daemonic shielding which was hiding [whoever] occupied the hulk .

‘ Whosoever would have it known that he is not of the common herd ’ , suggested Clifford Howard , ‘ develops a spleen against the Hollywood movies .
‘ [whoever] would have it known that he is not of the common herd ’ , suggested clifford howard , ‘ develops a spleen against the hollywood movies .

What content the law has would then be entirely a contingent and empirical matter dependent upon the values , beliefs , intuitions , ideals , interests and emotions of whosoever has the lawmaking function in hand .
what content the law has would then be entirely a contingent and empirical matter dependent upon the values , beliefs , intuitions , ideals , interests and emotions of [whoever] has the lawmaking function in hand .

Even the greatest nobles could only gain admittance by sending in presents of large sums of money : ‘ whosoever gets enamoured of her gets sucked into the whirlpool of her demands , ’ writes Dargah Quli Khan , ‘ and brings ruin upon himself and his house .
even the greatest nobles could only gain admittance by sending in presents of large sums of money : ‘ [whoever] gets enamoured of her gets sucked into the whirlpool of her demands , ’ writes dargah quli khan , ‘ and brings ruin upon himself and his house .

For example , it should be a rule that whosoever answers the phone should be quiet and convincing , thus ‘ Good Morning , this is the Co-operative Funeral Service ’ , using , of course , the appropriate time of day .
for example , it should be a rule that [whoever] answers the phone should be quiet and convincing , thus ‘ good morning , this is the co-operative funeral service ’ , using , of course , the appropriate time of day .

For surely it is true that whosoever will understand British politics before all things it is necessary that he comprehend the events of 1931 . '
for surely it is true that [whoever] will understand british politics before all things it is necessary that he comprehend the events of 1931 . '

The verse in the Bible which has been most misquoted and misunderstood is Leviticus 15.19 , which says : ‘ And if a woman have an issue , and her issue in her flesh be blood , she shall be in her impurity seven days ; and whosoever toucheth her shall be unclean until the even .
the verse in the bible which has been most misquoted and misunderstood is leviticus 15.19 , which says : ‘ and if a woman have an issue , and her issue in her flesh be blood , she shall be in her impurity seven days ; and [whoever] toucheth her shall be unclean until the even .

And since , through election by the princes , the kingdom and the empire are ours from God alone , Who at the time of the passion of His Son Christ subjected the world to dominion by the two swords ( Luke 22:38 ) and since the apostle Peter taught this doctrine ‘ fear God , honour the King ’ ( Peter 2:17 ) whosoever says that we received the imperial crown as a benefice from the lord pope contradicts the divine ordinance and the doctrine of Peter and is guilty of a lie …
and since , through election by the princes , the kingdom and the empire are ours from god alone , who at the time of the passion of his son christ subjected the world to dominion by the two swords ( luke 22:38 ) and since the apostle peter taught this doctrine ‘ fear god , honour the king ’ ( peter 2:17 ) [whoever] says that we received the imperial crown as a benefice from the lord pope contradicts the divine ordinance and the doctrine of peter and is guilty of a lie …

Whosoever drinks from that , they are thirsty for ever .
[whoever] drinks from that , they are thirsty for ever .

It 's the kind of high-low juxtaposition -- of reference , of language , of moral importance -- that Woody Allen executes so wonderfully , such as in this excerpt from `` The Scrolls '' : `` Whosoever shall not fall by the sword or by famine shall fall by pestilence , so why bother shaving ? ''
it 's the kind of high-low juxtaposition -- of reference , of language , of moral importance -- that woody allen executes so wonderfully , such as in this excerpt from `` the scrolls '' : `` [whoever] shall not fall by the sword or by famine shall fall by pestilence , so why bother shaving ? ''

Matthew 5:28 , for instance , says , `` I say unto you , that whosoever look unto a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart . ''
matthew 5:28 , for instance , says , `` i say unto you , that [whoever] look unto a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart . ''

