# also or as well... manual?

A gentleman of the old school , Mr. Upton possessed intellectual power , ample means , and withal , was a devoted Christian .
a gentleman of the old school , mr. upton possessed intellectual power , ample means , and [as well] , was a devoted christian .

The great black migration to the north after the second world war was from a rural existence , classically that of the sharecropper , with rudimentary shelter and clothing ; no health care ; hard farm labour ; exploitative living costs ; little in the way of schooling ; no voting rights ; forthright , accepted and enforced racial discrimination ; and , withal , extreme invisibility .
the great black migration to the north after the second world war was from a rural existence , classically that of the sharecropper , with rudimentary shelter and clothing ; no health care ; hard farm labour ; exploitative living costs ; little in the way of schooling ; no voting rights ; forthright , accepted and enforced racial discrimination ; and , [as well] , extreme invisibility .

And withal , a system of power is establised .
and [as well] , a system of power is establised .

Reserved , enigmatic , a soldier rather than a statesman — it appeared withal that ambition was the protector 's guiding star .
reserved , enigmatic , a soldier rather than a statesman — it appeared [as well] that ambition was the protector 's guiding star .

" " At least in tragic tumult shall great kingdoms fall , causing loud outcries and dire miseries withal , " " Amyas chimed in .
" " at least in tragic tumult shall great kingdoms fall , causing loud outcries and dire miseries [as well] , " " amyas chimed in .

Theda gave him a grateful smile , but rueful withal .
theda gave him a grateful smile , but rueful [as well] .

And there withal to win me , if you please ,
and there [as well] to win me , if you please ,

‘ But he is sick and ca n't be spoke withal .
‘ but he is sick and ca n't be spoke [as well] .

Certainly it is no passing fad , dependent on vogue words , for despite its infancy it employs such age-old terms as alas , albeit , perforce , and withal .
certainly it is no passing fad , dependent on vogue words , for despite its infancy it employs such age-old terms as alas , albeit , perforce , and [as well] .

Already , it is becoming very difficult to deny -- all available evidence points to it -- that the day is surely coming , withal , when there will remain , truly , no mere coincidences about which one can not avoid a suspicion or shake off a conviction , when clearly everything will incontrovertibly support a thesis or conversely stand in direct contrast to it , and , overriding all this , there will as a result be not the slightest doubt in our minds about one inescapable conclusion , namely the dawning realization that , there being nothing more to say on the subject , as it were , we therefore will no longer hesitate but rather will necessarily feel compelled to state the obvious .
already , it is becoming very difficult to deny -- all available evidence points to it -- that the day is surely coming , [as well] , when there will remain , truly , no mere coincidences about which one can not avoid a suspicion or shake off a conviction , when clearly everything will incontrovertibly support a thesis or conversely stand in direct contrast to it , and , overriding all this , there will as a result be not the slightest doubt in our minds about one inescapable conclusion , namely the dawning realization that , there being nothing more to say on the subject , as it were , we therefore will no longer hesitate but rather will necessarily feel compelled to state the obvious .

