# only when a verb... witness

`` We have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project Mr. Mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from Washington .
`` we have [saw] in this campaign the effort to project mr. mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from washington .

Esmarch was among those who witnessed Oersted's first demonstration of his discovery .
esmarch was among those who [saw] oersted's first demonstration of his discovery .

We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry -- at both the manufacturing and retail ends .
we have already [saw] great changes through mergers and acquisitions in the food industry -- at both the manufacturing and retail ends .

I can't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !
i can't tell when , but i'm positive i [saw] this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !

I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once .
i myself have [saw] and endured it more than once .

Instead of this the 1930's witnessed a tragic economic depression , the rise of Fascist dictators in Europe , the wasting Civil War in Spain .
instead of this the 1930's [saw] a tragic economic depression , the rise of fascist dictators in europe , the wasting civil war in spain .

He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan .
he is most effective in the ordinary business of the house , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the nation [saw] these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan .

The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history .
the last few years have [saw] what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history .

1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 .
1960 [saw] another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 .

However , as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great .
however , as [saw] by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great .

Wilson , on his first Sunday , witnessed this with something like disgust .
wilson , on his first sunday , [saw] this with something like disgust .

Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the sickening impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance .
nobody [saw] the fall -- just the sickening impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance .

He reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China .
he reminded matsuo of a similar thing he had [saw] in china .

The Reverend Bert Jones , a minister in the United Reformed CHurch , and Miles Cooper were among a dozen hunt saboteurs who witnessed the scene and were invoved in a skirmish afterwards .
the reverend bert jones , a minister in the united reformed church , and miles cooper were among a dozen hunt saboteurs who [saw] the scene and were invoved in a skirmish afterwards .

The Midlands has the greatest concentration of motorways in the country — 350 miles which last year witnessed nearly a thousand serious or fatal accidents ,
the midlands has the greatest concentration of motorways in the country — 350 miles which last year [saw] nearly a thousand serious or fatal accidents ,

Staff who witnessed the murder are said to be very distressed .
staff who [saw] the murder are said to be very distressed .

Mr Woods ' teenage daughter Michelle , who 'd gone with him on the trip , witnessed the accident .
mr woods ' teenage daughter michelle , who 'd gone with him on the trip , [saw] the accident .

Two children have witnessed their father shoot their mother then commit suicide at a house in London .
two children have [saw] their father shoot their mother then commit suicide at a house in london .

Detectives are trying to find two men who may have witnessed a murder in a quiet country hamlet .
detectives are trying to find two men who may have [saw] a murder in a quiet country hamlet .

Just one person witnessed the three running form the shop … she 's been able to given a briefg description of them to Police .
just one person [saw] the three running form the shop … she 's been able to given a briefg description of them to police .

The city of Worcester witnessed the beginning and the end of the bloody revolution which was to change so much .
the city of worcester [saw] the beginning and the end of the bloody revolution which was to change so much .

The city of Worcester witnessed the beginning and the end of the bloody revolution which was to change so much .
the city of worcester [saw] the beginning and the end of the bloody revolution which was to change so much .

She often witnessed his eccentricity in full flow at the customers who came into his antiques shop .
she often [saw] his eccentricity in full flow at the customers who came into his antiques shop .

Last night , residents witnessed another high speed display ; the latest in a series of stunts which became notorious last Summer .
last night , residents [saw] another high speed display ; the latest in a series of stunts which became notorious last summer .

Who was it who first said that they 'd witnessed something ?
who was it who first said that they 'd [saw] something ?

Oh look you always get these people we have just witnessed the top London club suffering a humiliating defeat at the hands of .
oh look you always get these people we have just [saw] the top london club suffering a humiliating defeat at the hands of .

Not if they 're witnessed , are they ?
not if they 're [saw] , are they ?

He does not court publicity having witnessed other ministers who were tipped for the top and never made it .
he does not court publicity having [saw] other ministers who were tipped for the top and never made it .

If there had been a decline , it could be blamed on social factors : ‘ We have witnessed a diminishing of collectivist morality because of the promotion of this nonsensical notion of the individual .
if there had been a decline , it could be blamed on social factors : ‘ we have [saw] a diminishing of collectivist morality because of the promotion of this nonsensical notion of the individual .

Have we not already witnessed on the television his Scargill-type debate on the floor of the House during MPs ' Question Time ?
have we not already [saw] on the television his scargill-type debate on the floor of the house during mps ' question time ?

It also covers the deaths of some 220 Muslim civilians whose killings Herak is alleged to have witnessed or taken part in .
it also covers the deaths of some 220 muslim civilians whose killings herak is alleged to have [saw] or taken part in .

To complete our disgruntlement , this month here in Moffat we have witnessed the boarding-up of our familiar old , tastefully-designed bronze posting box recessed under the window of the post office and now replaced by one of those monstrous red pillar-boxes , concreted into the pavement immediately in front .
to complete our disgruntlement , this month here in moffat we have [saw] the boarding-up of our familiar old , tastefully-designed bronze posting box recessed under the window of the post office and now replaced by one of those monstrous red pillar-boxes , concreted into the pavement immediately in front .

And he smiles afresh at the thought of what that particular victory meant to everyone who witnessed it .
and he smiles afresh at the thought of what that particular victory meant to everyone who [saw] it .

Last weekend , the 25,000 ecstatic fans that packed into Coruna 's shabby Riazor Stadium witnessed a massacre as Superdepor put five past John Toshack 's struggling Real Sociedad .
last weekend , the 25,000 ecstatic fans that packed into coruna 's shabby riazor stadium [saw] a massacre as superdepor put five past john toshack 's struggling real sociedad .

And , of course , every official New Zealand or British sitting in the stand claimed not to have witnessed a gross act of violence , right in front of their eyes .
and , of course , every official new zealand or british sitting in the stand claimed not to have [saw] a gross act of violence , right in front of their eyes .

We then made brief visits in turn to some greenhouses , to a school where we witnessed an English lesson , to a clinic where we saw barefoot doctors and Chinese herbal medicines , to an agricultural machinery factory , and finally to a couple of peasants ' homes .
we then made brief visits in turn to some greenhouses , to a school where we [saw] an english lesson , to a clinic where we saw barefoot doctors and chinese herbal medicines , to an agricultural machinery factory , and finally to a couple of peasants ' homes .

He had never witnessed anything so electrifying .
he had never [saw] anything so electrifying .

The winter of 1986–7 witnessed an intensity of public sector conflict in France not seen since 1968 , while a massive , prolonged wave of strikes and demonstrations affected Spanish railways and other public industries in the spring of 1987 .
the winter of 1986–7 [saw] an intensity of public sector conflict in france not seen since 1968 , while a massive , prolonged wave of strikes and demonstrations affected spanish railways and other public industries in the spring of 1987 .

Lowell , driving up the road in the opposite direction , had witnessed the collision — a minor one — and decided to do nothing about it .
lowell , driving up the road in the opposite direction , had [saw] the collision — a minor one — and decided to do nothing about it .

Other drivers had witnessed it , too , so leave it to them .
other drivers had [saw] it , too , so leave it to them .

Within another mile they had both witnessed so many stretchers , so many bodies and so many limbs no longer attached to bodies that no one had the stomach for jokes .
within another mile they had both [saw] so many stretchers , so many bodies and so many limbs no longer attached to bodies that no one had the stomach for jokes .

‘ Only thanks to me and try not to forget that the corp ‘ ere also witnessed everything what ‘ appened . ’
‘ only thanks to me and try not to forget that the corp ‘ ere also [saw] everything what ‘ appened . ’

The plain truth was that he had n't witnessed what was going on behind him .
the plain truth was that he had n't [saw] what was going on behind him .

The Mayor of Aberconwy , Eurwen Jones , said the sights she had witnessed following the floods were ‘ heartbreaking . ’
the mayor of aberconwy , eurwen jones , said the sights she had [saw] following the floods were ‘ heartbreaking . ’

Zoe Cockburn , 17 , of Lyonette Road , who witnessed the incident , said : ‘ Pauline just got to the bottom of the drive and he shot out of the window .
zoe cockburn , 17 , of lyonette road , who [saw] the incident , said : ‘ pauline just got to the bottom of the drive and he shot out of the window .

Zoe Cockburn , 17 , of Lyonette Road , who witnessed the incident , said : ‘ Pauline just got to the bottom of the drive and he shot out of the window .
zoe cockburn , 17 , of lyonette road , who [saw] the incident , said : ‘ pauline just got to the bottom of the drive and he shot out of the window .

In pre-railway times there is no record of a pub , so it seems some entrepreneur witnessed passengers standing on this blasted corner and decided he could profitably offer them shelter and spirits .
in pre-railway times there is no record of a pub , so it seems some entrepreneur [saw] passengers standing on this blasted corner and decided he could profitably offer them shelter and spirits .

‘ The police are appealing for any person who was in the area at this time and may have witnessed the incident to contact them . ’
‘ the police are appealing for any person who was in the area at this time and may have [saw] the incident to contact them . ’

He said : ‘ People witnessed the man running away , others reported a man hanging around in the area but no one admits seeing the assault happen .
he said : ‘ people [saw] the man running away , others reported a man hanging around in the area but no one admits seeing the assault happen .

‘ Millions of people witnessed on their television screens the role of Captain Keith Brown in signalling two false starts , ’ they said in a Commons motion .
‘ millions of people [saw] on their television screens the role of captain keith brown in signalling two false starts , ’ they said in a commons motion .

Pat Hurley from Milton Keynes , himself just 20 when he witnessed Britain 's first thermonuclear bomb test on Christmas Island in the Pacific in April 1958 .
pat hurley from milton keynes , himself just 20 when he [saw] britain 's first thermonuclear bomb test on christmas island in the pacific in april 1958 .

Ken Gower from Pitstone in Buckinghamshire witnessed Britain 's first atomic bomb test off the island of Montebello also in the Pacific in 1952 .
ken gower from pitstone in buckinghamshire [saw] britain 's first atomic bomb test off the island of montebello also in the pacific in 1952 .

An eleven year old girl has witnessed her two brothers , who were Roman Catholics , being shot dead in their home by terrorists in Northern Ireland .
an eleven year old girl has [saw] her two brothers , who were roman catholics , being shot dead in their home by terrorists in northern ireland .

The development division has witnessed the end of an era with the disbanding of the team of clerks of works .
the development division has [saw] the end of an era with the disbanding of the team of clerks of works .

Local man David Bellamy , whose environmental consultancy produced the film , said when he first came to Teesside at the age of 17 ‘ it was a really mucky , foully polluted place , ’ and he had witnessed the clean-up .
local man david bellamy , whose environmental consultancy produced the film , said when he first came to teesside at the age of 17 ‘ it was a really mucky , foully polluted place , ’ and he had [saw] the clean-up .

Detectives hunting the raiders have appealed for anyone who may have witnessed the incident in Brodie Avenue just after 6pm on Tuesday .
detectives hunting the raiders have appealed for anyone who may have [saw] the incident in brodie avenue just after 6pm on tuesday .

Meanwhile Rangers , the club Souness left behind , are poised to land the biggest cash jackpot British soccer has witnessed today when they go into the European Cup draw with some of the giants of the game .
meanwhile rangers , the club souness left behind , are poised to land the biggest cash jackpot british soccer has [saw] today when they go into the european cup draw with some of the giants of the game .

Countless were the true heroes of Verdun , fighting small Thermopylaes in the shell-holes , who remained unsung and undecorated because no one witnessed their deeds .
countless were the true heroes of verdun , fighting small thermopylaes in the shell-holes , who remained unsung and undecorated because no one [saw] their deeds .

’ Compared with the prolonged torment and mutilations of life on the ground , the knowledge that a pilot 's expectancy of survival was far poorer even than a machine-gunner 's could not detract from the infantryman 's envy ; even though death commonly meant being burned alive , at least it was quick , clean — and witnessed by thousands .
’ compared with the prolonged torment and mutilations of life on the ground , the knowledge that a pilot 's expectancy of survival was far poorer even than a machine-gunner 's could not detract from the infantryman 's envy ; even though death commonly meant being burned alive , at least it was quick , clean — and [saw] by thousands .

If is a relative newcomer , two other Mantes employees , and , have witnessed the company 's transformation first-hand .
if is a relative newcomer , two other mantes employees , and , have [saw] the company 's transformation first-hand .

The post-war years have witnessed the growth of large-scale retailing , including a growth in the size of retailing establishments , first to supermarkets , then to superstores and eventually to hypermarkets .
the post-war years have [saw] the growth of large-scale retailing , including a growth in the size of retailing establishments , first to supermarkets , then to superstores and eventually to hypermarkets .

Who was it who first said that they 'd witnessed something ?
who was it who first said that they 'd [saw] something ?

’ incident involving Joyce Wethered in the final of the 1920 English Ladies ' Championship ; Cromer witnessed the conception of the Curtis Cup when a British ladies ' team first met the Americans there in 1905 .
’ incident involving joyce wethered in the final of the 1920 english ladies ' championship ; cromer [saw] the conception of the curtis cup when a british ladies ' team first met the americans there in 1905 .

Who is to be the ‘ boss ’ , territorial disputes , the right to breed , and pair formation , can all be witnessed , and this can often prevent a disaster .
who is to be the ‘ boss ’ , territorial disputes , the right to breed , and pair formation , can all be [saw] , and this can often prevent a disaster .

One thing about those rockabilly boys — if you knock 'em down , they just get up again , and the Stray Cats probably know a bit more about the snakes and ladders of the music biz than most … The early part of the band 's career witnessed incredible international success , making them undoubtedly the best known exponents of rockabilly in the world — no mean feat for three guys just out of their teens .
one thing about those rockabilly boys — if you knock 'em down , they just get up again , and the stray cats probably know a bit more about the snakes and ladders of the music biz than most … the early part of the band 's career [saw] incredible international success , making them undoubtedly the best known exponents of rockabilly in the world — no mean feat for three guys just out of their teens .

The spontaneity of the dancers ebbed away and they seemed almost shamefaced that their behaviour had been witnessed by their employers .
the spontaneity of the dancers ebbed away and they seemed almost shamefaced that their behaviour had been [saw] by their employers .

Taylor had earlier witnessed the worst piece of defensive football that Des Walker has produced in 48 appearances .
taylor had earlier [saw] the worst piece of defensive football that des walker has produced in 48 appearances .

And that prediction comes from a man who should know — George Best , who witnessed the brilliant individual goal by Giggs which put United in the driving seat at White Hart Lane .
and that prediction comes from a man who should know — george best , who [saw] the brilliant individual goal by giggs which put united in the driving seat at white hart lane .

The late 1980s have witnessed a virtual revolution in the range and quality of learning materials produced for nurses of every clinical specialism and professional interest .
the late 1980s have [saw] a virtual revolution in the range and quality of learning materials produced for nurses of every clinical specialism and professional interest .

Teamwork is out and behaviour such as your reader witnessed is common .
teamwork is out and behaviour such as your reader [saw] is common .

Spurred by the horrors he witnessed in war , Cheshire dedicated his life to caring for others after it was over .
spurred by the horrors he [saw] in war , cheshire dedicated his life to caring for others after it was over .

Yesterday she was visibly shocked by the conditions she witnessed in the Serb-run camps .
yesterday she was visibly shocked by the conditions she [saw] in the serb-run camps .

‘ Now they have witnessed him kissing and cuddling their mother and they must be aware that their real father is deeply upset . ’
‘ now they have [saw] him kissing and cuddling their mother and they must be aware that their real father is deeply upset . ’

Here , we 've witnessed the splattercore frenzy of Daisy Chainsaw 's Katie Jane Garside , the earthy directness of North London crusty-grunger Lesley of Silverfish .
here , we 've [saw] the splattercore frenzy of daisy chainsaw 's katie jane garside , the earthy directness of north london crusty-grunger lesley of silverfish .

First , and of most immediate relevance as far as the tax-protest movement is concerned , the past two decades have witnessed a remarkable change in the nature of political dissent which has increasingly assumed unconstitutional and , on occasions , violent forms .
first , and of most immediate relevance as far as the tax-protest movement is concerned , the past two decades have [saw] a remarkable change in the nature of political dissent which has increasingly assumed unconstitutional and , on occasions , violent forms .

It 's when the family come in and they 've been prepared by a doctor whose speciality it is , and they have lists of things that they have witnessed you do , that have embarrassed and humiliated them .
it 's when the family come in and they 've been prepared by a doctor whose speciality it is , and they have lists of things that they have [saw] you do , that have embarrassed and humiliated them .

‘ Damnation ’ now feels good that this small Year Niner has been ‘ Witnessed ’ to and moves on to his next victim .
‘ damnation ’ now feels good that this small year niner has been ‘ [saw] ’ to and moves on to his next victim .

’ India-May had that glazed look , as if she was describing a miracle , a miracle that she 'd witnessed with her own eyes .
’ india-may had that glazed look , as if she was describing a miracle , a miracle that she 'd [saw] with her own eyes .

Barbados had witnessed a rather different Hanif a year earlier as he took out a 16-hour 10-minute lease on the crease and sculpted a monumental 337 against Worrell and Co .
barbados had [saw] a rather different hanif a year earlier as he took out a 16-hour 10-minute lease on the crease and sculpted a monumental 337 against worrell and co .

Marsh 's absence may have contributed to a disappointing first-day crowd of 7708 , but those present witnessed an interesting day , Australia reaching 222 for 4 , with the prolific Boon again to the fore .
marsh 's absence may have contributed to a disappointing first-day crowd of 7708 , but those present [saw] an interesting day , australia reaching 222 for 4 , with the prolific boon again to the fore .

In the years between 1862 and 1944/45 there was a significant lessening of central control of the school curriculum ; the years since then have witnessed an equally significant shift in the opposite direction .
in the years between 1862 and 1944/45 there was a significant lessening of central control of the school curriculum ; the years since then have [saw] an equally significant shift in the opposite direction .

Indeed , the years since 1979 have witnessed a continuing struggle between local and national government .
indeed , the years since 1979 have [saw] a continuing struggle between local and national government .

The Kislevites were driven to wild fury by what they had witnessed in Praag , and the Chaos army began to crumble before their implacable anger .
the kislevites were driven to wild fury by what they had [saw] in praag , and the chaos army began to crumble before their implacable anger .

The lady went out and drove away and Joe , who had witnessed the meeting , went into the kitchen where Mary was saying to Helen , ‘ Eeh ! the lies rolled off her like butter off a hot griddle . ’
the lady went out and drove away and joe , who had [saw] the meeting , went into the kitchen where mary was saying to helen , ‘ eeh ! the lies rolled off her like butter off a hot griddle . ’

And Len had witnessed his reaction and this had prompted Len to do what he had said he would n't do again , and that was to try and persuade him to accompany him home .
and len had [saw] his reaction and this had prompted len to do what he had said he would n't do again , and that was to try and persuade him to accompany him home .

Essex has witnessed a significant increase in pupil exclusions in both primary and secondary schools , but still has one of the lowest rates in the region .
essex has [saw] a significant increase in pupil exclusions in both primary and secondary schools , but still has one of the lowest rates in the region .

Police are appealing for help from anyone who witnessed the incident or who recognises the attacker from a description given by the victim .
police are appealing for help from anyone who [saw] the incident or who recognises the attacker from a description given by the victim .

He appealed for information from anyone who had witnessed the incident , particularly people who might have been leaving the nearby Greenstead social club at about the same time .
he appealed for information from anyone who had [saw] the incident , particularly people who might have been leaving the nearby greenstead social club at about the same time .

The significance of these matters for the well-being of individual old people is now much more widely recognised , witnessed by the increasing use of continence advisors , who can do much to prevent and ameliorate the problem .
the significance of these matters for the well-being of individual old people is now much more widely recognised , [saw] by the increasing use of continence advisors , who can do much to prevent and ameliorate the problem .

The raid was witnessed by self-employed block paver Tim Sutton , from Anchor Road , Clacton , who was working at nearby Gaity Amusements .
the raid was [saw] by self-employed block paver tim sutton , from anchor road , clacton , who was working at nearby gaity amusements .

But the man said he believed the shooting of the teenagers was ‘ wrong ’ , and that by the morning after the shooting he realised the relevance of what he had witnessed .
but the man said he believed the shooting of the teenagers was ‘ wrong ’ , and that by the morning after the shooting he realised the relevance of what he had [saw] .

The only policeman on patrol with the soldiers claimed he witnessed the attack and that the stolen car had not hit any member of the patrol and that the shooting had been totally unjustified .
the only policeman on patrol with the soldiers claimed he [saw] the attack and that the stolen car had not hit any member of the patrol and that the shooting had been totally unjustified .

Such timber buildings would have been built using the accumulated experience of the community and would not have seemed such an intricate task to those who regularly witnessed the activity .
such timber buildings would have been built using the accumulated experience of the community and would not have seemed such an intricate task to those who regularly [saw] the activity .

Having lived in Walton for 29 years she has witnessed how much of the cliff has already been lost to the sea .
having lived in walton for 29 years she has [saw] how much of the cliff has already been lost to the sea .

She felt suddenly dirtied by death , ashamed of the knowledge she had gained when she witnessed the cessation of breathing that marked the end of her parents ' lives , sad and sullied by the separations she had lived through .
she felt suddenly dirtied by death , ashamed of the knowledge she had gained when she [saw] the cessation of breathing that marked the end of her parents ' lives , sad and sullied by the separations she had lived through .

Jonas witnessed the whole attack from the ground at Luqa , and wrote : ‘ … and then we saw them : vic following vic of small grey forms , 15,000 feet , 16,000 feet , perhaps even higher .
jonas [saw] the whole attack from the ground at luqa , and wrote : ‘ … and then we saw them : vic following vic of small grey forms , 15,000 feet , 16,000 feet , perhaps even higher .

Rollerskate Skinny have witnessed such lethargic genius ‘ working ’ at first hand by playing with Mercury Rev at The Grand in south London .
rollerskate skinny have [saw] such lethargic genius ‘ working ’ at first hand by playing with mercury rev at the grand in south london .

Ridgers witnessed The Inspirals ' bizarre genital inspection routine , involving testicle size comparisons and close inspections of warts .
ridgers [saw] the inspirals ' bizarre genital inspection routine , involving testicle size comparisons and close inspections of warts .

The creature was sketched and the drawing witnessed by all the crew before it was decapitated .
the creature was sketched and the drawing [saw] by all the crew before it was decapitated .

The form must be completed ‘ without assistance ’ — which is a difficult task for many residents — and witnessed by an authorised health authority officer .
the form must be completed ‘ without assistance ’ — which is a difficult task for many residents — and [saw] by an authorised health authority officer .

Over the decades of the sixties and seventies , when the role of government in economic life grew rapidly , we have witnessed a high but uneven rate of inflation , unstable interest rates and exchange rates , declining productivity growth and a rising trend rate of unemployment .
over the decades of the sixties and seventies , when the role of government in economic life grew rapidly , we have [saw] a high but uneven rate of inflation , unstable interest rates and exchange rates , declining productivity growth and a rising trend rate of unemployment .

The 1895 workshop of Alfred Morgan , undertaker and funeral furnisher of 2 Craven Buildings , Wych Street , Strand was not such a far cry from the confusion witnessed fifty years earlier by Oliver Twist in Mr Sowerberry 's establishment .
the 1895 workshop of alfred morgan , undertaker and funeral furnisher of 2 craven buildings , wych street , strand was not such a far cry from the confusion [saw] fifty years earlier by oliver twist in mr sowerberry 's establishment .

No man could hear his woman described as a whore and not fight , yet Lord John was truly terrified of the Rifleman and had no doubt who would win a duel , and so , despite the insults and despite the people who witnessed his humiliation , he nodded his acceptance of Sharpe 's demand .
no man could hear his woman described as a whore and not fight , yet lord john was truly terrified of the rifleman and had no doubt who would win a duel , and so , despite the insults and despite the people who [saw] his humiliation , he nodded his acceptance of sharpe 's demand .

During the 1980s we have witnessed further development of provision in special needs .
during the 1980s we have [saw] further development of provision in special needs .

What Myeloski did n't appreciate was that that was how the plane was meant to be landed in such terrible conditions , that he had witnessed a superb piece of flying by a highly trained pilot .
what myeloski did n't appreciate was that that was how the plane was meant to be landed in such terrible conditions , that he had [saw] a superb piece of flying by a highly trained pilot .

In any case , it must be recognized that these notes , however full and detailed , are a selection from all the events that the researcher witnessed , and that this selection is made on the basis of what the researcher considers to be significant .
in any case , it must be recognized that these notes , however full and detailed , are a selection from all the events that the researcher [saw] , and that this selection is made on the basis of what the researcher considers to be significant .

These are first-person descriptions of social events , written by an individual who was involved in or witnessed those happenings .
these are first-person descriptions of social events , written by an individual who was involved in or [saw] those happenings .

After their term they never speak of the mysteries they have witnessed .
after their term they never speak of the mysteries they have [saw] .

The Phoenix Guard , survivors of those warriors who had witnessed the Ascension of Aenarion , waited beyond the flame to drape the newly woven feathered cloak of kingship round his shoulders .
the phoenix guard , survivors of those warriors who had [saw] the ascension of aenarion , waited beyond the flame to drape the newly woven feathered cloak of kingship round his shoulders .

It was a battle the like of which those present had never before witnessed .
it was a battle the like of which those present had never before [saw] .

This decade , which saw the arrival in London of Spencer Stuart , Boyden and Heidrick and Struggles , also witnessed the origins of the first home-grown headhunters .
this decade , which saw the arrival in london of spencer stuart , boyden and heidrick and struggles , also [saw] the origins of the first home-grown headhunters .

Writing in The Executive Grapevine , he sees natural competition between search firms as enough to foster and maintain their quality , and considers that the last few years have witnessed a weeding-out of the less professional outfits resulting in fewer and better consultants .
writing in the executive grapevine , he sees natural competition between search firms as enough to foster and maintain their quality , and considers that the last few years have [saw] a weeding-out of the less professional outfits resulting in fewer and better consultants .

Whilst line officers pressed for greater autonomy on their own operational turf , these years actually witnessed a strengthening of the prerogatives of political officers , not their diminution .
whilst line officers pressed for greater autonomy on their own operational turf , these years actually [saw] a strengthening of the prerogatives of political officers , not their diminution .

Jaq had already witnessed , and Meh'Lindi had experienced , how the hydra could be used to invade the pleasure centres of the brain … The pain centres likewise .
jaq had already [saw] , and meh'lindi had experienced , how the hydra could be used to invade the pleasure centres of the brain … the pain centres likewise .

The Eye of Terror … That great dust-nebula hid within it dozens of hellish solar systems which witnessed no stars , but only rippling rainbow auroras forever a-dance .
the eye of terror … that great dust-nebula hid within it dozens of hellish solar systems which [saw] no stars , but only rippling rainbow auroras forever a-dance .

We witnessed a ‘ rush ’ of another kind .
we [saw] a ‘ rush ’ of another kind .

Nothing more sad and painful can be experienced or witnessed .
nothing more sad and painful can be experienced or [saw] .

No room was left for the sort of ‘ campaigning ’ witnessed on the campuses , so that in future the procedures could go ahead smoothly under the party 's oversight .
no room was left for the sort of ‘ campaigning ’ [saw] on the campuses , so that in future the procedures could go ahead smoothly under the party 's oversight .

The regulations were intended to prevent the sort of scenes witnessed in Shanghai which had been broadcast across the world .
the regulations were intended to prevent the sort of scenes [saw] in shanghai which had been broadcast across the world .

The problem must be observable , ie it must relate to the presence or absence of a ‘ piece ’ of behaviour which can be witnessed by an observer .
the problem must be observable , ie it must relate to the presence or absence of a ‘ piece ’ of behaviour which can be [saw] by an observer .

The problem must be describable : , ie the observers must be able to state exactly what they have witnessed .
the problem must be describable : , ie the observers must be able to state exactly what they have [saw] .

Ostensibly the first of these is the most serious problem but ask the trainees to consider the behaviour actually witnessed by the observer who has applied these labels .
ostensibly the first of these is the most serious problem but ask the trainees to consider the behaviour actually [saw] by the observer who has applied these labels .

These are the most frequently used records and involve making a mark every time a specified behaviour is witnessed .
these are the most frequently used records and involve making a mark every time a specified behaviour is [saw] .

Means noting the numbers of times each behaviour is witnessed .
means noting the numbers of times each behaviour is [saw] .

You have witnessed some appalling incident .
you have [saw] some appalling incident .

While the pop princess ' disappointment at finding a wedding ring firmly on his finger seemed real enough to viewers ( and is confirmed by those who witnessed it at first hand ) , Banderas likes to believe it was all an act for the cameras .
while the pop princess ' disappointment at finding a wedding ring firmly on his finger seemed real enough to viewers ( and is confirmed by those who [saw] it at first hand ) , banderas likes to believe it was all an act for the cameras .

Spurs coach Ray Clemence , who witnessed Mimms ' suffering at first hand , also comes face-to-face with a ghost from the past at Ewood Park .
spurs coach ray clemence , who [saw] mimms ' suffering at first hand , also comes face-to-face with a ghost from the past at ewood park .

The last occasion we witnessed Paul Gascoigne crying in Italy was after England 's heartbreaking World Cup semi-final exit two years ago .
the last occasion we [saw] paul gascoigne crying in italy was after england 's heartbreaking world cup semi-final exit two years ago .

Two years later , Paul saw Sinead on stage with Ton Ton Macoute in Dublin and witnessed first hand the raw emotion she could generate in a performance .
two years later , paul saw sinead on stage with ton ton macoute in dublin and [saw] first hand the raw emotion she could generate in a performance .

Here Dr Keep , 50 , tells of the real-life horrors he has witnessed in his long career .
here dr keep , 50 , tells of the real-life horrors he has [saw] in his long career .

‘ She was one of the few women Charles regarded as an equal , ’ one who witnessed their early meetings recalled .
‘ she was one of the few women charles regarded as an equal , ’ one who [saw] their early meetings recalled .

The first attitude has been witnessed in the 1930s and during our more recent experience of high unemployment .
the first attitude has been [saw] in the 1930s and during our more recent experience of high unemployment .

This fact can be mentioned in the police officer 's statement of evidence if he witnessed the offence .
this fact can be mentioned in the police officer 's statement of evidence if he [saw] the offence .

If more than one officer or warden witnessed the incident it might save argument in court if a corroborative statement was made by the other witness .
if more than one officer or warden [saw] the incident it might save argument in court if a corroborative statement was made by the other witness .

If problems are anticipated a statement from someone who witnessed the birth is good evidence .
if problems are anticipated a statement from someone who [saw] the birth is good evidence .

Mark claims that all the people were astonished as they witnessed this contest between good and evil . What is surprising is the comment of the crowd :
mark claims that all the people were astonished as they [saw] this contest between good and evil . what is surprising is the comment of the crowd :

In curing a Gentile , Mark is stressing the fact that Jesus ' power over evil is not witnessed by Jews alone , but extends to all people .
in curing a gentile , mark is stressing the fact that jesus ' power over evil is not [saw] by jews alone , but extends to all people .

We witnessed a magnificent Olympic example in the women 's 400 metres hurdles when American fashion plates Sandra Farmer-Patrick and Janeene Vickers , fingers painted , outfits slashed at the midriff and bobs in their hair like French maids , were run into oblivion by Britain 's plain Sally Gunnell .
we [saw] a magnificent olympic example in the women 's 400 metres hurdles when american fashion plates sandra farmer-patrick and janeene vickers , fingers painted , outfits slashed at the midriff and bobs in their hair like french maids , were run into oblivion by britain 's plain sally gunnell .

In fact , what we have witnessed has been the spectacle of governments running so hard to get away from this concept that they have been unable to hear the voice of the British business community , pleading that the interest it would like the government to show in its affairs is of a different nature altogether .
in fact , what we have [saw] has been the spectacle of governments running so hard to get away from this concept that they have been unable to hear the voice of the british business community , pleading that the interest it would like the government to show in its affairs is of a different nature altogether .

Indian friends have testified that they have witnessed a Cobra at night with its ‘ jewel ’ glowing , moving through the undergrowth In search of water .
indian friends have testified that they have [saw] a cobra at night with its ‘ jewel ’ glowing , moving through the undergrowth in search of water .

He was as shocked here as he had been by the scenes he had witnessed in London 's East End .
he was as shocked here as he had been by the scenes he had [saw] in london 's east end .

The mother-daughter relationship he had witnessed in London had moved him so profoundly that he had fallen in love with them both .
the mother-daughter relationship he had [saw] in london had moved him so profoundly that he had fallen in love with them both .

Home again , and alone , he rhapsodised over the scene he had witnessed .
home again , and alone , he rhapsodised over the scene he had [saw] .

’ and in the years that have followed we have witnessed the response .
’ and in the years that have followed we have [saw] the response .

Francis McFarlane , 44 , has not worked since he witnessed the oil rig blaze which killed 164 workers in July 1988 .
francis mcfarlane , 44 , has not worked since he [saw] the oil rig blaze which killed 164 workers in july 1988 .

‘ These drivers are selfish and some of the driving we have witnessed was beyond belief .
‘ these drivers are selfish and some of the driving we have [saw] was beyond belief .

Horrified taxi driver Brian Fox , 61 , witnessed the accident .
horrified taxi driver brian fox , 61 , [saw] the accident .

This gentleman could have taken his time , but as Adele Appassany , another assistant who witnessed the scenes the day before explained :
this gentleman could have taken his time , but as adele appassany , another assistant who [saw] the scenes the day before explained :

He had lost his mother before he was 10 , seen the departure of William Charles for London shortly afterwards , then witnessed the death of his consumptive brother John , followed by that of his father .
he had lost his mother before he was 10 , seen the departure of william charles for london shortly afterwards , then [saw] the death of his consumptive brother john , followed by that of his father .

What they witnessed , and what was recreated for us by the Ulster Youth Dance Company in Stranmillis College Theatre at the weekend was a spectacle far more disturbing and revolutionary .
what they [saw] , and what was recreated for us by the ulster youth dance company in stranmillis college theatre at the weekend was a spectacle far more disturbing and revolutionary .

The males set up territories which they will defend vigorously against others of their own kind , and fights to the death have occasionally been witnessed .
the males set up territories which they will defend vigorously against others of their own kind , and fights to the death have occasionally been [saw] .

Not necessarily , because the Proterozoic may have witnessed the achievement of the multicellular grade of organization several times , and in quite unrelated lineages .
not necessarily , because the proterozoic may have [saw] the achievement of the multicellular grade of organization several times , and in quite unrelated lineages .

The Church rejoiced in its ‘ unity in diversity ’ manifested in the various rites that witnessed to the richness of ‘ catholicity ’ ( so often reduced to bland uniformity ) .
the church rejoiced in its ‘ unity in diversity ’ manifested in the various rites that [saw] to the richness of ‘ catholicity ’ ( so often reduced to bland uniformity ) .

The 1960s and 1970s witnessed the reappearance and redirection of some classical themes .
the 1960s and 1970s [saw] the reappearance and redirection of some classical themes .

The transistor transformed the portable radio , cul-minating in the spectacle — bizarre if it had been witnessed 20 years earlier — of people going around with earphones and Walkmans .
the transistor transformed the portable radio , cul-minating in the spectacle — bizarre if it had been [saw] 20 years earlier — of people going around with earphones and walkmans .

One such individual is Peter Eigen , a former official at the World Bank who is disgusted by the corruption he witnessed in Latin America and Africa .
one such individual is peter eigen , a former official at the world bank who is disgusted by the corruption he [saw] in latin america and africa .

For the bigger part of the century , the world had witnessed a titanic struggle between two visions of the future … When … our Soviet rivals recognised they could not match us … and as their own system indisputably failed the Soviet people even as it abused them — then came the turning point .
for the bigger part of the century , the world had [saw] a titanic struggle between two visions of the future … when … our soviet rivals recognised they could not match us … and as their own system indisputably failed the soviet people even as it abused them — then came the turning point .

Writing in 1972 , McGregor suggested that : ‘ the last two decades have witnessed the cumulative removal of restraints both of custom and law upon behaviour , and upon their public portrayal in print or in the visual arts ’ .
writing in 1972 , mcgregor suggested that : ‘ the last two decades have [saw] the cumulative removal of restraints both of custom and law upon behaviour , and upon their public portrayal in print or in the visual arts ’ .

With the changing balance of power between the working and middle class , it is suggested that we have witnessed the destruction of traditional codes which have yet to be replaced by a similarly coherent new set :
with the changing balance of power between the working and middle class , it is suggested that we have [saw] the destruction of traditional codes which have yet to be replaced by a similarly coherent new set :

Although it was later denied any truth by Wolfenden , it has been suggested that the immediate post-war period witnessed a ‘ witch-hunt ’ or ‘ purge ’ of homosexuals .
although it was later denied any truth by wolfenden , it has been suggested that the immediate post-war period [saw] a ‘ witch-hunt ’ or ‘ purge ’ of homosexuals .

For the present exhibition , Thompson is drawing attention to the decade which witnessed the maturity of Minimalism and the emergence of Conceptual Art .
for the present exhibition , thompson is drawing attention to the decade which [saw] the maturity of minimalism and the emergence of conceptual art .

Alex first witnessed the perils of pop stardom a decade ago when , having done Killing Joke 's laundry , he saw the band almost split over who owned which pair of newly washed socks .
alex first [saw] the perils of pop stardom a decade ago when , having done killing joke 's laundry , he saw the band almost split over who owned which pair of newly washed socks .

Tolkien 's epic is more like a romantic reflection of pre-1914 British life and of those models of manly virtue he had once witnessed and cherished , it seems likely , in the grim camaraderie of the trenches in the First World War .
tolkien 's epic is more like a romantic reflection of pre-1914 british life and of those models of manly virtue he had once [saw] and cherished , it seems likely , in the grim camaraderie of the trenches in the first world war .

On March 7th , against Wales at Twickenham , we all witnessed at least two acts of complete thuggery when not only were English players stamped on but it was their heads which came in for rough treatment .
on march 7th , against wales at twickenham , we all [saw] at least two acts of complete thuggery when not only were english players stamped on but it was their heads which came in for rough treatment .

It is true that the Irish have not genuinely embraced the fitness revolution and the real impact of the fitness factor is witnessed in the unpleasant sight of what fit teams are doing to Ireland .
it is true that the irish have not genuinely embraced the fitness revolution and the real impact of the fitness factor is [saw] in the unpleasant sight of what fit teams are doing to ireland .

Ben , however , did not remark on the scene he had just witnessed , but said , ‘ There 's a friend of yours in the yard who would like to have a word with you .
ben , however , did not remark on the scene he had just [saw] , but said , ‘ there 's a friend of yours in the yard who would like to have a word with you .

Their lawyer , Patricia Hambrecht , says : ‘ We witnessed a dramatic drop in our appraisal business for donations to institutions , and even though we realised it was not in our narrow self-interest , we knew it was for the good of the overall arts community ’ .
their lawyer , patricia hambrecht , says : ‘ we [saw] a dramatic drop in our appraisal business for donations to institutions , and even though we realised it was not in our narrow self-interest , we knew it was for the good of the overall arts community ’ .

Oshkosh , July 31 to August 6 , witnessed a melding of all forms of aviation from Connies to Fishbeds , to the Doolittle Raiders and everything in between !
oshkosh , july 31 to august 6 , [saw] a melding of all forms of aviation from connies to fishbeds , to the doolittle raiders and everything in between !

He had witnessed the death by hanging of two members of the Al Daawa al Islamiya who were believed connected with the attempt on the life of the Chairman .
he had [saw] the death by hanging of two members of the al daawa al islamiya who were believed connected with the attempt on the life of the chairman .

During its active aviation days , Brooklands witnessed no less than 13,500 individual aircraft first flights of 143 different types , more than anywhere else in Britain .
during its active aviation days , brooklands [saw] no less than 13,500 individual aircraft first flights of 143 different types , more than anywhere else in britain .

On October 15 , 1956 St Mawgan witnessed a rare assembly of brass with invited notables including Bomber Harris for what must have been an emotional farewell .
on october 15 , 1956 st mawgan [saw] a rare assembly of brass with invited notables including bomber harris for what must have been an emotional farewell .

Theirs was a witnessed to faith in ‘ the importance of the spiritual , the sanctity of marriage , respect for human life , appreciation of each person 's dignity , justice for all , fair sharing of resources , and the need to think of others .
theirs was a [saw] to faith in ‘ the importance of the spiritual , the sanctity of marriage , respect for human life , appreciation of each person 's dignity , justice for all , fair sharing of resources , and the need to think of others .

The nineteenth century witnessed too a growing Asian presence in Britain , developing from earlier groups of servants , sailors and traders , and several Asians were also prominent in British politics , the most famous being Bombay-born Dadabhai Naoroji who , apart from championing the Indian cause in London , also entered the House of Commons after winning Finsbury Central for the Liberals in 1892 and supported women 's suffrage , trade union rights and Home Rule for Ireland ( Visram , 1986 , pp .
the nineteenth century [saw] too a growing asian presence in britain , developing from earlier groups of servants , sailors and traders , and several asians were also prominent in british politics , the most famous being bombay-born dadabhai naoroji who , apart from championing the indian cause in london , also entered the house of commons after winning finsbury central for the liberals in 1892 and supported women 's suffrage , trade union rights and home rule for ireland ( visram , 1986 , pp .

Yet , as we shall see , the last few years have witnessed a remarkable upsurge in research in those areas where quantification is possible , such as strike activity and its determinants ( see Chapter 6 ) .
yet , as we shall see , the last few years have [saw] a remarkable upsurge in research in those areas where quantification is possible , such as strike activity and its determinants ( see chapter 6 ) .

Through the influence of Cromwell and the new Archbishop of Canterbury , Thomas Cranmer , the 1530s witnessed a number of reform initiatives of this nature .
through the influence of cromwell and the new archbishop of canterbury , thomas cranmer , the 1530s [saw] a number of reform initiatives of this nature .

Elizabeth 's reign is now seen to be of crucial importance because it saw the completion of the Protestantization of the English people and witnessed the creation of a uniquely English style of Protestant church which was later to be labelled Anglicanism .
elizabeth 's reign is now seen to be of crucial importance because it saw the completion of the protestantization of the english people and [saw] the creation of a uniquely english style of protestant church which was later to be labelled anglicanism .

Following the outbreak of civil war in 1642 , the revolutionary years of the 1640s and 1650s witnessed the attempts of a succession of governments to impose several quite distinct forms of established church on the English people .
following the outbreak of civil war in 1642 , the revolutionary years of the 1640s and 1650s [saw] the attempts of a succession of governments to impose several quite distinct forms of established church on the english people .

Mary 's reign witnessed a spontaneous renewal of enthusiasm for the local celebrations banned under Edward , and Corpus Christi processions , Whitsun ales , May games , and the decking of churches once more became as common as they had been in the last years of Henry 's reign .
mary 's reign [saw] a spontaneous renewal of enthusiasm for the local celebrations banned under edward , and corpus christi processions , whitsun ales , may games , and the decking of churches once more became as common as they had been in the last years of henry 's reign .

However , as the Puritan and moderate positions were in many ways mutually antagonistic , some towns and villages inevitably witnessed acrimonious and protracted disputes over the character of local worship and divergent attitudes towards what some historians have labelled ‘ maypole culture ’ .
however , as the puritan and moderate positions were in many ways mutually antagonistic , some towns and villages inevitably [saw] acrimonious and protracted disputes over the character of local worship and divergent attitudes towards what some historians have labelled ‘ maypole culture ’ .

The humanist Renaissance of the late Middle Ages had already witnessed the gradual emergence of reasoning independent of the church .
the humanist renaissance of the late middle ages had already [saw] the gradual emergence of reasoning independent of the church .

’ she thought , looking around in the hope that someone had witnessed so successful a landing , but of course they had n't .
’ she thought , looking around in the hope that someone had [saw] so successful a landing , but of course they had n't .

Her long life had witnessed so many incredible events , but as the final twist of fortune engulfed her , she was already too decrepit , mentally and physically , to come to terms with it .
her long life had [saw] so many incredible events , but as the final twist of fortune engulfed her , she was already too decrepit , mentally and physically , to come to terms with it .

Professor Murgulescu , the original head of her field , was subordinated to her and witnessed her takeover of his institute which she amalgamated with her own operations to obliterate any trace of professional independence .
professor murgulescu , the original head of her field , was subordinated to her and [saw] her takeover of his institute which she amalgamated with her own operations to obliterate any trace of professional independence .

That trip must have revived Nicolae 's memories of his time in Stalin 's Moscow , but the frenzied adulation of Mao surpassed anything that Ceauşescu could have witnessed in the Soviet Union .
that trip must have revived nicolae 's memories of his time in stalin 's moscow , but the frenzied adulation of mao surpassed anything that ceauşescu could have [saw] in the soviet union .

To a lesser extent the preacher and the witness stand in the same relationship to their message , as they declare what has been revealed to them or that which they have personally witnessed .
to a lesser extent the preacher and the witness stand in the same relationship to their message , as they declare what has been revealed to them or that which they have personally [saw] .

To these we may add a fourth , restoration growth , which is a significant category in areas which have witnessed serious church decline .
to these we may add a fourth , restoration growth , which is a significant category in areas which have [saw] serious church decline .

Young marrieds represent one of the most responsive groups in Britain today , as is witnessed by the popularity of family services .
young marrieds represent one of the most responsive groups in britain today , as is [saw] by the popularity of family services .

But perhaps her presence can be witnessed at the time of death .
but perhaps her presence can be [saw] at the time of death .

The vigorous characterisation of his early style , as witnessed in Flora Macdonald , gave way to what we might now call a more subtle psychological penetration .
the vigorous characterisation of his early style , as [saw] in flora macdonald , gave way to what we might now call a more subtle psychological penetration .

It is unlikely that such vigour was ever witnessed elsewhere , certainly not in the British experience of industrialisation .
it is unlikely that such vigour was ever [saw] elsewhere , certainly not in the british experience of industrialisation .

It was during this period that the boroughs of Bethnal Green , Stepney , Mile End and Poplar witnessed a net loss of population for the first time .
it was during this period that the boroughs of bethnal green , stepney , mile end and poplar [saw] a net loss of population for the first time .

Later , as capitalist work relations and practices were successfully implemented , rural labour organised a national union ; but it was built upon unsure foundations and , significantly , Essex witnessed its crushing defeat in 1874 at the hands of local farmers .
later , as capitalist work relations and practices were successfully implemented , rural labour organised a national union ; but it was built upon unsure foundations and , significantly , essex [saw] its crushing defeat in 1874 at the hands of local farmers .

Not until the 1920s was struggle again witnessed on the terrain of poor relief , this time with dramatic consequences ( Chapter 4 ) .
not until the 1920s was struggle again [saw] on the terrain of poor relief , this time with dramatic consequences ( chapter 4 ) .

The subsequent election witnessed easy victories for coalition candidates in the north of the borough .
the subsequent election [saw] easy victories for coalition candidates in the north of the borough .

The interwar years witnessed an increase in national membership from 4,131,000 in 1919 to 8,716,000 in 1940 , while the number of societies fell from 1357 to 1065 .
the interwar years [saw] an increase in national membership from 4,131,000 in 1919 to 8,716,000 in 1940 , while the number of societies fell from 1357 to 1065 .

1920 witnessed a downturn in postwar militancy as the boom lost momentum and the economy plunged into recession .
1920 [saw] a downturn in postwar militancy as the boom lost momentum and the economy plunged into recession .

1921 had witnessed the launch of the Poplar Council 's bitter struggle for equalisation of the rates ; by September 5000 unemployed men and women were marching to the West Ham guardians threatening trouble if demands for increased scales of relief were not met .
1921 had [saw] the launch of the poplar council 's bitter struggle for equalisation of the rates ; by september 5000 unemployed men and women were marching to the west ham guardians threatening trouble if demands for increased scales of relief were not met .

They may seem inexpensive , but a will is a legal document and should be drawn up carefully and signed and witnessed in a particular way .
they may seem inexpensive , but a will is a legal document and should be drawn up carefully and signed and [saw] in a particular way .

The day started with a number of invited guests who witnessed a ceremonial cake cutting by Mrs Dawn Coles , proprietor of the adjoining Holwell Farm House Restaurant .
the day started with a number of invited guests who [saw] a ceremonial cake cutting by mrs dawn coles , proprietor of the adjoining holwell farm house restaurant .

The rapid progress with the construction of the railway , the past couple of weeks having witnessed the excavation of a cutting and preparation of about 500 feet of track bed , had enabled about 200 feet of track to be ready for the open day .
the rapid progress with the construction of the railway , the past couple of weeks having [saw] the excavation of a cutting and preparation of about 500 feet of track bed , had enabled about 200 feet of track to be ready for the open day .

Perhaps one of the most remarkable uses of tools either of us has ever witnessed was the result of a remarkable piece of thinking — we use the word deliberately — by a Japanese macaque .
perhaps one of the most remarkable uses of tools either of us has ever [saw] was the result of a remarkable piece of thinking — we use the word deliberately — by a japanese macaque .

Once a female is grabbed in amplexus the male is likely to have to defend her from other males , and fights lasting hours or days and involving several males have been witnessed in numerous species .
once a female is grabbed in amplexus the male is likely to have to defend her from other males , and fights lasting hours or days and involving several males have been [saw] in numerous species .

It was that young fool of a student Bacci , who stood up stiffly at the sight of the Marshal who had witnessed his first embarrassingly unsuccessful attempt at being a policeman .
it was that young fool of a student bacci , who stood up stiffly at the sight of the marshal who had [saw] his first embarrassingly unsuccessful attempt at being a policeman .

Of this , you have already witnessed one severe example : your former companion whose spine branched uncontrollably and whose fingers fasciated .
of this , you have already [saw] one severe example : your former companion whose spine branched uncontrollably and whose fingers fasciated .

‘ And after the Venerable Dorn had rescued the mutilated , charred living corpse of the Emperor in the wake of that direst of victories against the renegade Horus , ’ declaimed moon-faced combat-Chaplain Lo Chang in chapel ; ‘ and after he had overseen the construction of the Golden Throne , guided by the Emperor 's mighty spirit as He lay in life-support ; and after Rogal Dorn had witnessed the transfer of that unquenchable divine husk into the Great Psychoprosthetic Throne , lo , afterwards our Primarch lived for another four hundred and thirteen years … ’
‘ and after the venerable dorn had rescued the mutilated , charred living corpse of the emperor in the wake of that direst of victories against the renegade horus , ’ declaimed moon-faced combat-chaplain lo chang in chapel ; ‘ and after he had overseen the construction of the golden throne , guided by the emperor 's mighty spirit as he lay in life-support ; and after rogal dorn had [saw] the transfer of that unquenchable divine husk into the great psychoprosthetic throne , lo , afterwards our primarch lived for another four hundred and thirteen years … ’

The little parade that he witnessed through the steamed window of the Administration block was a wound to him .
the little parade that he [saw] through the steamed window of the administration block was a wound to him .

The old woman stared at him and her eyes were bright and piercing and the silver thimble had fallen to the lap of her dress , and her fists were clenched now as if she searched for a memory , and her husband watched her anxiously as if he witnessed that she was at war within herself .
the old woman stared at him and her eyes were bright and piercing and the silver thimble had fallen to the lap of her dress , and her fists were clenched now as if she searched for a memory , and her husband watched her anxiously as if he [saw] that she was at war within herself .

Here was a footballer the like of which the Whaddon faithful had never witnessed before .
here was a footballer the like of which the whaddon faithful had never [saw] before .

Les Bence looks at some of the great matches he has witnessed .
les bence looks at some of the great matches he has [saw] .

It must be a rare sight , even in this division , for spectators to see the home side knock in eleven goals in one match , but that is what the Alborne supporters witnessed last Tuesday night .
it must be a rare sight , even in this division , for spectators to see the home side knock in eleven goals in one match , but that is what the alborne supporters [saw] last tuesday night .

Although fans will tell you there is nothing as exciting as attacking football , those who frequent ‘ The Tip ’ have probably never witnessed a game between two attacking sides .
although fans will tell you there is nothing as exciting as attacking football , those who frequent ‘ the tip ’ have probably never [saw] a game between two attacking sides .

It may have been enacted beforehand by the witnesses , so that they testify to what they have actually witnessed ; alternatively , the organiser of the mock trial may simply have given to each witness a statement of his evidence , which he is expected to remember .
it may have been enacted beforehand by the witnesses , so that they testify to what they have actually [saw] ; alternatively , the organiser of the mock trial may simply have given to each witness a statement of his evidence , which he is expected to remember .

Had witnessed her puzzlement and then her shocked surprise as she realised what it was .
had [saw] her puzzlement and then her shocked surprise as she realised what it was .

The eighteenth century witnessed a substantial rise in population which accelerated even further at the beginning of the nineteenth century .
the eighteenth century [saw] a substantial rise in population which accelerated even further at the beginning of the nineteenth century .

It was also this same period — primarily the 1960s — that witnessed the academic upsurge in the human capital theory .
it was also this same period — primarily the 1960s — that [saw] the academic upsurge in the human capital theory .

McCallum divides the development of regional policy since the war into five periods : 1945–7 was a period of substantial growth ; 1947–58 was the ‘ lull ’ in regional policy ; 1958–64 was the re-activation ; 1964–70 represented the boom ; 1970–4 witnessed the unsuccessful counterrevolution ; and 1974–8 was an age of uncertainty .
mccallum divides the development of regional policy since the war into five periods : 1945–7 was a period of substantial growth ; 1947–58 was the ‘ lull ’ in regional policy ; 1958–64 was the re-activation ; 1964–70 represented the boom ; 1970–4 [saw] the unsuccessful counterrevolution ; and 1974–8 was an age of uncertainty .

It is true that all advanced industrial societies have witnessed this shift but none to the same extent as this country .
it is true that all advanced industrial societies have [saw] this shift but none to the same extent as this country .

Tilly Mulliver had seen the look on his face , heard the sounds emanating from the study , knew what he had witnessed , and her heart went out to him .
tilly mulliver had seen the look on his face , heard the sounds emanating from the study , knew what he had [saw] , and her heart went out to him .

Watching him stride away , hurt and humiliated by the shocking scene he had just witnessed , she wondered whether she should tell him her secret .
watching him stride away , hurt and humiliated by the shocking scene he had just [saw] , she wondered whether she should tell him her secret .

Until now , the woman had been careful not to reveal how she had witnessed what passed between him and that lovely creature at the docks .
until now , the woman had been careful not to reveal how she had [saw] what passed between him and that lovely creature at the docks .

The fight we have witnessed between eagle and man has been fought many times in many places and will be fought again .
the fight we have [saw] between eagle and man has been fought many times in many places and will be fought again .

Creggan had felt the coming of spring before , a coming that overtook his spirit and made it busy and turbulent , but he had never witnessed it so well .
creggan had felt the coming of spring before , a coming that overtook his spirit and made it busy and turbulent , but he had never [saw] it so well .

Most farm workers over the age of forty have witnessed the disappearance of a predominantly horse-and-hand technology and its replacement by one based upon the internal combustion engine .
most farm workers over the age of forty have [saw] the disappearance of a predominantly horse-and-hand technology and its replacement by one based upon the internal combustion engine .

After Elinor signed and the document was witnessed , Adam produced a second sheet of paper .
after elinor signed and the document was [saw] , adam produced a second sheet of paper .

There had been sightings , his family was powerful enough to keep him hidden and safe from the inevitable hanging ‘ should he show his face on the shores of Albion again ' — a favourite phrase of Joseph 's , picked up from a knife-grinder whose preoccupation with Bligh , the Bounty and the Mutiny had almost equalled Joseph 's as witnessed in a fierce contest of informational prowess contested in the snug of the Bull in Lorton where the knife-grinder had eventually conceded defeat and been given several unexpected commissions ( including one from the vicar of Cockermouth who disliked Joseph intensely and produced a cluster of blunt knives and dullest scissors to prove it ) as compensation .
there had been sightings , his family was powerful enough to keep him hidden and safe from the inevitable hanging ‘ should he show his face on the shores of albion again ' — a favourite phrase of joseph 's , picked up from a knife-grinder whose preoccupation with bligh , the bounty and the mutiny had almost equalled joseph 's as [saw] in a fierce contest of informational prowess contested in the snug of the bull in lorton where the knife-grinder had eventually conceded defeat and been given several unexpected commissions ( including one from the vicar of cockermouth who disliked joseph intensely and produced a cluster of blunt knives and dullest scissors to prove it ) as compensation .

As Table 1.1 shows , 1983 witnessed a significant and much-noted milestone .
as table 1.1 shows , 1983 [saw] a significant and much-noted milestone .

Other public sector bodies have adopted a similar approach , although recent years have witnessed a growing tendency , particularly in the nationalized industries , for an increasing proportion of capital expenditure to be financed out of current expenditure .
other public sector bodies have adopted a similar approach , although recent years have [saw] a growing tendency , particularly in the nationalized industries , for an increasing proportion of capital expenditure to be financed out of current expenditure .

More accurately , we have witnessed a reaction by increasingly competitive producers to the uneven spatial development of class struggle , resulting in the migration of all types of employment , but especially manufacturing , from areas of high class struggle to areas where the struggle is less developed .
more accurately , we have [saw] a reaction by increasingly competitive producers to the uneven spatial development of class struggle , resulting in the migration of all types of employment , but especially manufacturing , from areas of high class struggle to areas where the struggle is less developed .

The older men have witnessed many changes in the formal organization of pollution control which have had implications for their work .
the older men have [saw] many changes in the formal organization of pollution control which have had implications for their work .

It has now become commonplace to observe that the 1960s witnessed a rapid increase in educational investment on both sides of the Atlantic .
it has now become commonplace to observe that the 1960s [saw] a rapid increase in educational investment on both sides of the atlantic .

According to Halsey ( 1979 ) the 1970s witnessed a widespread ‘ rotting of public confidence in public institutions ’ .
according to halsey ( 1979 ) the 1970s [saw] a widespread ‘ rotting of public confidence in public institutions ’ .

On the train to Luxor we witnessed an arrest .
on the train to luxor we [saw] an arrest .

But the archaeologists ' obsession with the past had blinded them to the real cause of the lamentations they witnessed along the river .
but the archaeologists ' obsession with the past had blinded them to the real cause of the lamentations they [saw] along the river .

The town appeared very much as Wallace himself must have witnessed it .
the town appeared very much as wallace himself must have [saw] it .

We watched them disappear into the dusk as we anchored at the little island of Likangloe , where we had witnessed our first python hunt .
we watched them disappear into the dusk as we anchored at the little island of likangloe , where we had [saw] our first python hunt .

What was witnessed by British troops , however , was the initial treatment by Tito 's partisans of the Croats surrendered around Bleiburg , including many civilians who were marched north-east through Austria towards the Yugoslav frontier near Lavamund .
what was [saw] by british troops , however , was the initial treatment by tito 's partisans of the croats surrendered around bleiburg , including many civilians who were marched north-east through austria towards the yugoslav frontier near lavamund .

The period 1870–1914 witnessed a revolution in English education `` .
the period 1870–1914 [saw] a revolution in english education `` .

The measure of co-operation was obtained by asking if the respondent would probably report to the police an offence he had witnessed .
the measure of co-operation was obtained by asking if the respondent would probably report to the police an offence he had [saw] .

thought that the police had used unnecessary violence towards themselves , or that an acquaintance had experienced or witnessed this .
thought that the police had used unnecessary violence towards themselves , or that an acquaintance had experienced or [saw] this .

There they witnessed the blood of sacrifices , human as well as animal , being scattered over ornaments including a ceremonial collar of fifteen to twenty coral necklaces .
there they [saw] the blood of sacrifices , human as well as animal , being scattered over ornaments including a ceremonial collar of fifteen to twenty coral necklaces .

The Migration period which intervened between the decline of Rome and the emergence of European nations witnessed a marked change in the way garnets were used to embellish gold work .
the migration period which intervened between the decline of rome and the emergence of european nations [saw] a marked change in the way garnets were used to embellish gold work .

Man is capable of a measure of creativity and mutual co-operation of which history has witnessed no more than the faintest inkling .
man is capable of a measure of creativity and mutual co-operation of which history has [saw] no more than the faintest inkling .

In the immediate pre-war period Britain , Germany and to a lesser extent France witnessed a dramatic upsurge of labour militancy .
in the immediate pre-war period britain , germany and to a lesser extent france [saw] a dramatic upsurge of labour militancy .

’ The Latin inscription engraved on the doorway states , ‘ This doorway was made by Radovan , the best of all the masters of this art , as witnessed by his sculptures and reliefs , in the year one thousand two hundred and fifty .
’ the latin inscription engraved on the doorway states , ‘ this doorway was made by radovan , the best of all the masters of this art , as [saw] by his sculptures and reliefs , in the year one thousand two hundred and fifty .

His wife , more canny than she seemed , had already witnessed huge losses over a scheme to promote detachable shirt cuffs , and so far she had managed to sit on the remaining money .
his wife , more canny than she seemed , had already [saw] huge losses over a scheme to promote detachable shirt cuffs , and so far she had managed to sit on the remaining money .

The two large and rusty freighters that were berthed in the docking area , however , were very definitely of human manufacture , as witnessed by the sweaty crewmen who swarmed all over them , almost as numerous as the dead fish which clogged the oil-choked water .
the two large and rusty freighters that were berthed in the docking area , however , were very definitely of human manufacture , as [saw] by the sweaty crewmen who swarmed all over them , almost as numerous as the dead fish which clogged the oil-choked water .

Several times he witnessed strokes which would have killed or maimed if they had been allowed to connect with flesh and bone .
several times he [saw] strokes which would have killed or maimed if they had been allowed to connect with flesh and bone .

The twentieth century has witnessed the realisation of these objectives , perhaps even beyond the horizons of Paracelsus 's fertile imagination .
the twentieth century has [saw] the realisation of these objectives , perhaps even beyond the horizons of paracelsus 's fertile imagination .

The final moral disintegration of his father was witnessed by the son with a sense of helplessness and incomprehension .
the final moral disintegration of his father was [saw] by the son with a sense of helplessness and incomprehension .

He consequently witnessed the February days , the potential civil war at a distance .
he consequently [saw] the february days , the potential civil war at a distance .

Eagleton , for example , describes socialist realism as `` one of the most devastating assaults on artistic culture ever witnessed in modern history `` , and refers to its principal Soviet advocate , Zhdanov , as `` Stalin 's cultural thug `` . ``
eagleton , for example , describes socialist realism as `` one of the most devastating assaults on artistic culture ever [saw] in modern history `` , and refers to its principal soviet advocate , zhdanov , as `` stalin 's cultural thug `` . ``

He witnessed Vaughan 's resentment of Johnny 's Circus , also the way in which Minton , like a piece of Sellotape , automatically picked up people when he went into a pub .
he [saw] vaughan 's resentment of johnny 's circus , also the way in which minton , like a piece of sellotape , automatically picked up people when he went into a pub .

Norman Bowler witnessed the vagaries of Minton 's existence at this time , but the older man also revealed to him a tender side which his performance in public obscured .
norman bowler [saw] the vagaries of minton 's existence at this time , but the older man also revealed to him a tender side which his performance in public obscured .

They had even witnessed the confiscation of the clergy 's goods and chattels to defray the nation 's expenses : a potent lesson for the future .
they had even [saw] the confiscation of the clergy 's goods and chattels to defray the nation 's expenses : a potent lesson for the future .

At an early stage four bishops had joined the queen in Suffolk ; six had later witnessed the proclamation of Prince Edward as keeper of the realm ; towards the end , more than a dozen prelates had been coerced by the London mob into support for the queen 's party .
at an early stage four bishops had joined the queen in suffolk ; six had later [saw] the proclamation of prince edward as keeper of the realm ; towards the end , more than a dozen prelates had been coerced by the london mob into support for the queen 's party .

Their public polemic , in the early months of 1341 , about royal authority and ecclesiastical obligations , by its notorious and indecorous vehemence , has attracted much attention from historians , but the ideas enunciated are less notable for themselves than for signifying divisions among the clergy over church and state relations , an ambivalence even more sensationally witnessed in the Becket conflict in the twelfth century and in the Hunne affair in the early sixteenth .
their public polemic , in the early months of 1341 , about royal authority and ecclesiastical obligations , by its notorious and indecorous vehemence , has attracted much attention from historians , but the ideas enunciated are less notable for themselves than for signifying divisions among the clergy over church and state relations , an ambivalence even more sensationally [saw] in the becket conflict in the twelfth century and in the hunne affair in the early sixteenth .

Not after all the unnatural deaths these last years had already witnessed .
not after all the unnatural deaths these last years had already [saw] .

He knew what he was talking about , having witnessed a man die from a heart attack while forking manure .
he knew what he was talking about , having [saw] a man die from a heart attack while forking manure .

And after the curtain call , when he was going upstairs to the extras ' dressing-room and had bumped into Mr Potter — she was n't talking at second-hand but had actually witnessed the scene — far from showing remorse he had confronted him as though he was going to head-butt him for the second time .
and after the curtain call , when he was going upstairs to the extras ' dressing-room and had bumped into mr potter — she was n't talking at second-hand but had actually [saw] the scene — far from showing remorse he had confronted him as though he was going to head-butt him for the second time .

His signature was duly witnessed by two of the clerks in the firm .
his signature was duly [saw] by two of the clerks in the firm .

She simply produced the documents , Mr. O'Brien signed and she witnessed his signature .
she simply produced the documents , mr. o'brien signed and she [saw] his signature .

The clerk witnessed her signature .
the clerk [saw] her signature .

If more than one yacht visited , a barbecue was set up on the beach , and many a bleary Azorian dawn was witnessed as a result .
if more than one yacht visited , a barbecue was set up on the beach , and many a bleary azorian dawn was [saw] as a result .

She had witnessed both the joys and the stresses with her own parents , the late actor , Tony Sharp and actress mother , Margaret Wedlake .
she had [saw] both the joys and the stresses with her own parents , the late actor , tony sharp and actress mother , margaret wedlake .

Stephen Day , Guinness marketing manager for Kaliber , who witnessed Smithwick 's demise , admits : ‘ Ale drinkers tend to be older and more settled in their habits than the new young trialists who tend to go for lager , so it was more difficult to persuade them .
stephen day , guinness marketing manager for kaliber , who [saw] smithwick 's demise , admits : ‘ ale drinkers tend to be older and more settled in their habits than the new young trialists who tend to go for lager , so it was more difficult to persuade them .

After the Second World War this countryside witnessed the struggle between the priests and embryo commissars described in Guareschi 's Don Camillo , a struggle which continued , in a more mild form , until comparatively recently .
after the second world war this countryside [saw] the struggle between the priests and embryo commissars described in guareschi 's don camillo , a struggle which continued , in a more mild form , until comparatively recently .

In the years since those debates we have witnessed the rise of the Labour Party and the specific concern to secure independent working-class representation in the House of Commons .
in the years since those debates we have [saw] the rise of the labour party and the specific concern to secure independent working-class representation in the house of commons .

Scenes such as these may be witnessed in many of the special units for disruptive and disaffected pupils which have been established in the last ten years .
scenes such as these may be [saw] in many of the special units for disruptive and disaffected pupils which have been established in the last ten years .

‘ Yes , ’ said Bartlemas , ‘ we witnessed the will and he gave it to us to look after it … ’
‘ yes , ’ said bartlemas , ‘ we [saw] the will and he gave it to us to look after it … ’

If that were the case , and Charles ' other conjecture was correct , he must have witnessed Marius shooting Bill Sweet on the roadside at Theale .
if that were the case , and charles ' other conjecture was correct , he must have [saw] marius shooting bill sweet on the roadside at theale .

We described its development at length in the first edition of this book and the past three years have witnessed a slow but steady increase in provision .
we described its development at length in the first edition of this book and the past three years have [saw] a slow but steady increase in provision .

Recent years have also witnessed changes in the overall structure of art education courses .
recent years have also [saw] changes in the overall structure of art education courses .

The last few years have witnessed an unprecedented period of economic depression for Wales accompanied by massive youth unemployment .
the last few years have [saw] an unprecedented period of economic depression for wales accompanied by massive youth unemployment .

He had witnessed everything .
he had [saw] everything .

Perhaps no pictorial revolution of the magnitude and depth of Cubism had been effected with such extreme rapidity , and during the years between 1907 and 1910 every few months had witnessed some radical change in the appearance of Cubist painting .
perhaps no pictorial revolution of the magnitude and depth of cubism had been effected with such extreme rapidity , and during the years between 1907 and 1910 every few months had [saw] some radical change in the appearance of cubist painting .

Those years have also witnessed the development of new terminology .
those years have also [saw] the development of new terminology .

The last 20 years have witnessed the increase in procedural rights for licence holders or applicants , but the disbursement of such benefits is still subject to irrational distinctions .
the last 20 years have [saw] the increase in procedural rights for licence holders or applicants , but the disbursement of such benefits is still subject to irrational distinctions .

Later cases witnessed the ‘ competitive invocation ’ of the two tests , the authority whose decision was to be impugned claiming that the applicant still had to satisfy the higher hurdle of real likelihood of bias .
later cases [saw] the ‘ competitive invocation ’ of the two tests , the authority whose decision was to be impugned claiming that the applicant still had to satisfy the higher hurdle of real likelihood of bias .

What we have witnessed in recent years is a subtle change whereby the courts , often without alluding to the authorities mentioned , have reviewed decisions to test their evidentiary basis .
what we have [saw] in recent years is a subtle change whereby the courts , often without alluding to the authorities mentioned , have reviewed decisions to test their evidentiary basis .

Journals which published it , and editors who included it , ceased to be fully respectable ; this message got through to Crookes , and he stopped his active propaganda , though apparently never ceasing to believe that some of the phenomena he had witnessed , often in distinguished and reliable company , were genuine .
journals which published it , and editors who included it , ceased to be fully respectable ; this message got through to crookes , and he stopped his active propaganda , though apparently never ceasing to believe that some of the phenomena he had [saw] , often in distinguished and reliable company , were genuine .

Both girls quickly turned their faces away , just in case he would want to take revenge on them later for having witnessed his humiliation .
both girls quickly turned their faces away , just in case he would want to take revenge on them later for having [saw] his humiliation .

It was the most remarkable thing any of them had ever witnessed .
it was the most remarkable thing any of them had ever [saw] .

The post-1972 period has thus witnessed important structural changes in British local administration .
the post-1972 period has thus [saw] important structural changes in british local administration .

Consequently the period after 1979 witnessed a number of major developments with important repercussions for central-local relations .
consequently the period after 1979 [saw] a number of major developments with important repercussions for central-local relations .

Even if its intentions have not always been realized , the second half of the 1980s has nevertheless witnessed renewed determination by central government to exercise greater direction over local authorities .
even if its intentions have not always been realized , the second half of the 1980s has nevertheless [saw] renewed determination by central government to exercise greater direction over local authorities .

Such a limitation has not obviously affected the evolutionary ‘ success ’ of this type of body pattern , as witnessed by the vast number of species of insects and crustacea alive and flourishing today — but it certainly affects the extent of their behavioural repertoire .
such a limitation has not obviously affected the evolutionary ‘ success ’ of this type of body pattern , as [saw] by the vast number of species of insects and crustacea alive and flourishing today — but it certainly affects the extent of their behavioural repertoire .

All she had were some notes she made in the car , witnessed by Dexter .
all she had were some notes she made in the car , [saw] by dexter .

Joe was in the spearhead but John also wrote of amazing scenes he witnessed as his company moved through the countryside .
joe was in the spearhead but john also wrote of amazing scenes he [saw] as his company moved through the countryside .

The danger , witnessed sometimes in practice , is that certain children ( notably the most able , the oldest , the best-behaved , and girls ) are tacitly deemed ‘ undemanding ’ and may be left to their own devices for long periods , denied the kinds of challenging interaction which they , like all children , need .
the danger , [saw] sometimes in practice , is that certain children ( notably the most able , the oldest , the best-behaved , and girls ) are tacitly deemed ‘ undemanding ’ and may be left to their own devices for long periods , denied the kinds of challenging interaction which they , like all children , need .

He retained many child qualities of his own , including a liking for an excellent roll downhill , witnessed by one of his friends , a Mr Langton , who had walked with Johnson to the top of a very steep height .
he retained many child qualities of his own , including a liking for an excellent roll downhill , [saw] by one of his friends , a mr langton , who had walked with johnson to the top of a very steep height .

Secondly , at the time when the flight from the land became a cultural European fact , a time evoked in rural England by Laurie Lee in Cider with Rosie , David Thomson witnessed the same poignant development in Ireland , but with undertones of old scores and the curious mixture of religion and politics that has taken so long to biodegrade .
secondly , at the time when the flight from the land became a cultural european fact , a time evoked in rural england by laurie lee in cider with rosie , david thomson [saw] the same poignant development in ireland , but with undertones of old scores and the curious mixture of religion and politics that has taken so long to biodegrade .

The 1930s witnessed the emerging confrontation with Fascism in Europe , a struggle which was played out on the battlefields of Spain from 1936 to 1939 .
the 1930s [saw] the emerging confrontation with fascism in europe , a struggle which was played out on the battlefields of spain from 1936 to 1939 .

The years 1959 to 1975 witnessed a consolidation of radical trends .
the years 1959 to 1975 [saw] a consolidation of radical trends .

The post-war period had witnessed the growing professionalisation of the sport .
the post-war period had [saw] the growing professionalisation of the sport .

Colonel Fergusson took his daughter to the Pavilion , where they witnessed Messrs Marshall 's Marine Peristrephic Panorama of the Wreck of the Medusa French Frigate and the Fatal Raft : Admission front seats 1s 8d , back seats 10d , children in the front seats at half price .
colonel fergusson took his daughter to the pavilion , where they [saw] messrs marshall 's marine peristrephic panorama of the wreck of the medusa french frigate and the fatal raft : admission front seats 1s 8d , back seats 10d , children in the front seats at half price .

As they rode inland from Trebizond , hunting-whips at the ready against the expected dog-packs , they viewed mohair goats on hillsides of dwarf oak , dull yellow vines , lush apple orchards ; they heard grasshoppers whose ringing note seemed sharper and more insistent than that of their British cousins ; and they witnessed sunsets of the rarest purple and rose .
as they rode inland from trebizond , hunting-whips at the ready against the expected dog-packs , they viewed mohair goats on hillsides of dwarf oak , dull yellow vines , lush apple orchards ; they heard grasshoppers whose ringing note seemed sharper and more insistent than that of their british cousins ; and they [saw] sunsets of the rarest purple and rose .

Indeed , Jip and Zab have lost their almost telepathic ability to communicate , and , as witnessed by the outcome of the novel , the world is unable to communicate well enough to reach a full consensus or enforce a communal decision .
indeed , jip and zab have lost their almost telepathic ability to communicate , and , as [saw] by the outcome of the novel , the world is unable to communicate well enough to reach a full consensus or enforce a communal decision .

The mid-1980s saw an intensification of interest in community care , as witnessed by the publication since 1985 of four major reports on the topic .
the mid-1980s saw an intensification of interest in community care , as [saw] by the publication since 1985 of four major reports on the topic .

Although his yearly stipend only amounted to £6.00 or so in today 's values , he was soon witnessed to be spending the equivalent of thousands of pounds on various good works for his village .
although his yearly stipend only amounted to £6.00 or so in today 's values , he was soon [saw] to be spending the equivalent of thousands of pounds on various good works for his village .

It can not be entirely coincidental that the following years witnessed the heightening of tensions which threatened to divide Oswiu 's kingdom from within .
it can not be entirely coincidental that the following years [saw] the heightening of tensions which threatened to divide oswiu 's kingdom from within .

The reign of Ecgfrith witnessed a working out of the tensions which had emerged under Oswiu .
the reign of ecgfrith [saw] a working out of the tensions which had emerged under oswiu .

If the mid-nineteenth-century witnessed the increasingly polarized representations of women around the definitions of asexual purity/immorality , these oppositions also had a profound impact on class-specific forms of male sexuality .
if the mid-nineteenth-century [saw] the increasingly polarized representations of women around the definitions of asexual purity/immorality , these oppositions also had a profound impact on class-specific forms of male sexuality .

As recent research is beginning to uncover , the 1880s witnessed the beginnings of a questioning of current forms of sexual morality from feminist intellectuals — a move which was stimulated by the various public sexual scandals of the decade .
as recent research is beginning to uncover , the 1880s [saw] the beginnings of a questioning of current forms of sexual morality from feminist intellectuals — a move which was stimulated by the various public sexual scandals of the decade .

The late nineteenth century witnessed a heightening of this process .
the late nineteenth century [saw] a heightening of this process .

The first decade of the twentieth century witnessed the polarization of these positions under the impact of growing political activism .
the first decade of the twentieth century [saw] the polarization of these positions under the impact of growing political activism .

One suffragette , Rosa Lamartine Yates , recounted that she had witnessed the double-standard in action while standing bail for two women at the west London police court .
one suffragette , rosa lamartine yates , recounted that she had [saw] the double-standard in action while standing bail for two women at the west london police court .

Chris Heginbotham , when director of Mind , wrote of one sight he had witnessed in one well-known hospital south-east of London :
chris heginbotham , when director of mind , wrote of one sight he had [saw] in one well-known hospital south-east of london :

Witnessed ourself at Southampton this thirteenth day of October …
[saw] ourself at southampton this thirteenth day of october …

‘ Sources close to these clever men — in distance , that is to say , not philosophy — last week informed our coterie of the cruel nature of these … in-vest-igations , the effects of which you have yourself witnessed this very evening .
‘ sources close to these clever men — in distance , that is to say , not philosophy — last week informed our coterie of the cruel nature of these … in-vest-igations , the effects of which you have yourself [saw] this very evening .

He was practising as a notary public by 1609 , when he witnessed Christopher 's will , and continued to do so until shortly before his death , drawing up wills and other documents .
he was practising as a notary public by 1609 , when he [saw] christopher 's will , and continued to do so until shortly before his death , drawing up wills and other documents .

After interminable waiting , he accompanied Gilbert to Newfoundland in 1583 , witnessed Gilbert 's actions there , and survived various disasters , culminating in the loss of Gilbert at sea , to bring his ship home in September 1583 as the sole vessel to survive the expedition .
after interminable waiting , he accompanied gilbert to newfoundland in 1583 , [saw] gilbert 's actions there , and survived various disasters , culminating in the loss of gilbert at sea , to bring his ship home in september 1583 as the sole vessel to survive the expedition .

, thought his attack on the National Board system , in the first debate on the issue when Sir Robert Peel came to power in 1841 , led to ‘ the very best parliamentary set-to between the secretary and the solicitor-general for Ireland which has ever been witnessed ’ .
, thought his attack on the national board system , in the first debate on the issue when sir robert peel came to power in 1841 , led to ‘ the very best parliamentary set-to between the secretary and the solicitor-general for ireland which has ever been [saw] ’ .

Alanson reported that , of forty-six traditional amputations that he had witnessed , ten patients died and the survivors suffered prolonged complications .
alanson reported that , of forty-six traditional amputations that he had [saw] , ten patients died and the survivors suffered prolonged complications .

During that period he witnessed the dissolution of the League of Nations , and was present at the creation of the new order , participating in both the Bretton Woods ( 1944 ) and San Francisco ( 1945 ) conferences .
during that period he [saw] the dissolution of the league of nations , and was present at the creation of the new order , participating in both the bretton woods ( 1944 ) and san francisco ( 1945 ) conferences .

, a fellow native of West Dereham and founder there of a Premonstratensian abbey whose charters are witnessed by Master Elias , perhaps as early as 1188 .
, a fellow native of west dereham and founder there of a premonstratensian abbey whose charters are [saw] by master elias , perhaps as early as 1188 .

On 12 November he made a fourteen-mile flight from the Physic Garden in a balloon filled with hydrogen , which was witnessed by most of the population of Oxford .
on 12 november he made a fourteen-mile flight from the physic garden in a balloon filled with hydrogen , which was [saw] by most of the population of oxford .

Alcuin describes him as needy before his accession , though a Mercian charter of doubtful authenticity from 785 is witnessed by a Cenwulf ‘ minister ’ .
alcuin describes him as needy before his accession , though a mercian charter of doubtful authenticity from 785 is [saw] by a cenwulf ‘ minister ’ .

Cenwulf 's dealings with Sussex are witnessed only by a grant to the bishop of Selsey from 801 .
cenwulf 's dealings with sussex are [saw] only by a grant to the bishop of selsey from 801 .

of Wessex had married Offa 's daughter and witnessed Ecgfrith 's charters .
of wessex had married offa 's daughter and [saw] ecgfrith 's charters .

In his final years he witnessed the introduction of vaccination ( 1798 ) and the rejection of inoculation by the majority of doctors .
in his final years he [saw] the introduction of vaccination ( 1798 ) and the rejection of inoculation by the majority of doctors .

Whilst in Berlin he witnessed the uncertain beginnings of German parliamentary democracy in the Weimar republic .
whilst in berlin he [saw] the uncertain beginnings of german parliamentary democracy in the weimar republic .

, who witnessed Wilson 's admission to the Clothworkers ' Company 7 February 1810 .
, who [saw] wilson 's admission to the clothworkers ' company 7 february 1810 .

Soon , however , he was confronted with the ‘ actualities of war ’ during a visit to a casualty hospital , and the bullet-holed limbs and suffering he witnessed there helped purge him of such studied hauteur .
soon , however , he was confronted with the ‘ actualities of war ’ during a visit to a casualty hospital , and the bullet-holed limbs and suffering he [saw] there helped purge him of such studied hauteur .

Some support for this interpretation may be found in the fact that section 5 affords a speaker or actor the specific defence that he was unaware and had no reason to suspect that his conduct may have been witnessed , and it would be anomalous if there were no similar defence for the more serious offence .
some support for this interpretation may be found in the fact that section 5 affords a speaker or actor the specific defence that he was unaware and had no reason to suspect that his conduct may have been [saw] , and it would be anomalous if there were no similar defence for the more serious offence .

The constable need not have witnessed the conduct in question before he utters his warning ; he could act on the basis of a report that he received from a person who has been caused harassment , alarm or distress , or on the report of somebody who has witnessed it .
the constable need not have [saw] the conduct in question before he utters his warning ; he could act on the basis of a report that he received from a person who has been caused harassment , alarm or distress , or on the report of somebody who has [saw] it .

In Gladstone Williams the defendant was on a bus when he witnessed what lie believed to be an attack by a large man on another , smaller youth .
in gladstone williams the defendant was on a bus when he [saw] what lie believed to be an attack by a large man on another , smaller youth .

Hills v. Ellis the defendant was outside a football match where he witnessed a policeman arresting a person whom he believed to be faultless .
hills v. ellis the defendant was outside a football match where he [saw] a policeman arresting a person whom he believed to be faultless .

Nevertheless , the 1980s have witnessed ever-increasing use of performance indicators , some of which are unit cost statistics but many of which are output measures , albeit usually low-level output measures .
nevertheless , the 1980s have [saw] ever-increasing use of performance indicators , some of which are unit cost statistics but many of which are output measures , albeit usually low-level output measures .

In the short time she had been in the City , she had been propositioned by a well-dressed lush , witnessed a gangland execution and been pursued through a deserted subway station by a bulky killer .
in the short time she had been in the city , she had been propositioned by a well-dressed lush , [saw] a gangland execution and been pursued through a deserted subway station by a bulky killer .

Fernand had witnessed death , but he was not a violent man .
fernand had [saw] death , but he was not a violent man .

Though he had no idea what lay behind it , he knew that by virtue of having witnessed Cindy in the execution of a lie , he himself was — whether he wanted to be or not — somehow involved .
though he had no idea what lay behind it , he knew that by virtue of having [saw] cindy in the execution of a lie , he himself was — whether he wanted to be or not — somehow involved .

The general melting of the ice sheets of the last glacial period has resulted in widespread drowning of coasts , but at earlier stages of the Pleistocene the sea level was higher than at present as is witnessed by remnants of raised beaches .
the general melting of the ice sheets of the last glacial period has resulted in widespread drowning of coasts , but at earlier stages of the pleistocene the sea level was higher than at present as is [saw] by remnants of raised beaches .

True marine conditions probably prevailed only in the north of the Fens but brackish conditions further south are witnessed by some of the fossils .
true marine conditions probably prevailed only in the north of the fens but brackish conditions further south are [saw] by some of the fossils .

But such scenes could also be witnessed in his native India .
but such scenes could also be [saw] in his native india .

Key here was the influence of non-western cultural forms on Artaud — first the foregrounding of actors ' movements and the absence of props in Japanese theatre ; then his exposure to Cambodian dance in 1922 ; but most importantly the Balinese Dance Theatre which Artaud witnessed at the Colonial Exhibition in Paris in 1931 , after which he wrote a succession of now canonical theoretical essays on theatre .
key here was the influence of non-western cultural forms on artaud — first the foregrounding of actors ' movements and the absence of props in japanese theatre ; then his exposure to cambodian dance in 1922 ; but most importantly the balinese dance theatre which artaud [saw] at the colonial exhibition in paris in 1931 , after which he wrote a succession of now canonical theoretical essays on theatre .

The second half of the nineteenth century witnessed a repetition of this process .
the second half of the nineteenth century [saw] a repetition of this process .

As a consequence , we have sponsored both the Scottish National League and Cup competitions since that time and witnessed the sport gaining greater exposure both in newspapers and now on television .
as a consequence , we have sponsored both the scottish national league and cup competitions since that time and [saw] the sport gaining greater exposure both in newspapers and now on television .

The latest mission witnessed environmental damage caused by burning oil wells in Kuwait .
the latest mission [saw] environmental damage caused by burning oil wells in kuwait .

Remember that some mortgagee societies require their security to be witnessed by a solicitor .
remember that some mortgagee societies require their security to be [saw] by a solicitor .

He continued to look her up and down , with no evidence of warmth at what he saw but just a tightening of the hard lips and that aloof dark stare she had already witnessed .
he continued to look her up and down , with no evidence of warmth at what he saw but just a tightening of the hard lips and that aloof dark stare she had already [saw] .

‘ That what the old lady witnessed was nothing more than a lovers ’ quarrel .
‘ that what the old lady [saw] was nothing more than a lovers ’ quarrel .

‘ What Fran is trying to say , Mrs Lewis , is that what you witnessed last night was n't quite what it appeared to be .
‘ what fran is trying to say , mrs lewis , is that what you [saw] last night was n't quite what it appeared to be .

Jimmy Warren was indeed in a state of shock at what he had witnessed and Rachel knew that he would require post-incident-trauma counselling .
jimmy warren was indeed in a state of shock at what he had [saw] and rachel knew that he would require post-incident-trauma counselling .

Land prices were rising during the late 1960s ( with an increase of 55 per cent between 1967 and 1970 ) , but the early 1970s witnessed a veritable price explosion .
land prices were rising during the late 1960s ( with an increase of 55 per cent between 1967 and 1970 ) , but the early 1970s [saw] a veritable price explosion .

What you witnessed that night was Melanie trying to persuade me to perform the operation for her — or , failing that , to get someone else to do it as a favour .
what you [saw] that night was melanie trying to persuade me to perform the operation for her — or , failing that , to get someone else to do it as a favour .

Adam 's face was mere inches from her own , his eyes hot with a fury she had never witnessed in him before .
adam 's face was mere inches from her own , his eyes hot with a fury she had never [saw] in him before .

She wondered how much he had witnessed , then realised he must have seen , and heard , most of it to order Paul Fisher to be carpeted , without suggesting Mr Drewer get her side of it .
she wondered how much he had [saw] , then realised he must have seen , and heard , most of it to order paul fisher to be carpeted , without suggesting mr drewer get her side of it .

Delivering her back to her hotel at five in the morning , he had taken her in his arms in the lobby , not caring if the world witnessed his kiss .
delivering her back to her hotel at five in the morning , he had taken her in his arms in the lobby , not caring if the world [saw] his kiss .

For the first time Ruth conceded it had been — a funny sort of rebellious gesture that she 'd hoped would be witnessed .
for the first time ruth conceded it had been — a funny sort of rebellious gesture that she 'd hoped would be [saw] .

They have just witnessed a performance as good as the one you gave on the catwalk .
they have just [saw] a performance as good as the one you gave on the catwalk .

She hated dishonesty , as the guilty flush witnessed .
she hated dishonesty , as the guilty flush [saw] .

Family meant a great deal to him , obviously , and she had witnessed for herself his kindness and strength .
family meant a great deal to him , obviously , and she had [saw] for herself his kindness and strength .

Yet volcanism is predominantly a submarine rather than a continental phenomenon since the outpouring of magma associated with submarine eruptions far exceeds anything witnessed on the continents .
yet volcanism is predominantly a submarine rather than a continental phenomenon since the outpouring of magma associated with submarine eruptions far exceeds anything [saw] on the continents .

Side by side with the increasing popularity of monetary theories of the cycle , the late 1970s witnessed the emergence of alternative theories of the business cycle which , though firmly rooted in new classical macroeconomics , attributed the causes of the business cycle to real as opposed to monetary phenomena .
side by side with the increasing popularity of monetary theories of the cycle , the late 1970s [saw] the emergence of alternative theories of the business cycle which , though firmly rooted in new classical macroeconomics , attributed the causes of the business cycle to real as opposed to monetary phenomena .

In common with much of eastern Europe , Hungary has witnessed a growing number of anti-Semitic attacks in recent years .
in common with much of eastern europe , hungary has [saw] a growing number of anti-semitic attacks in recent years .

The study warned that : `` Levels of mutagenesis amongst people living in Ust-Kamenogorsk in terms of numbers and type of deformed chromosomes is close to that witnessed amongst people living close to Chernobyl . ``
the study warned that : `` levels of mutagenesis amongst people living in ust-kamenogorsk in terms of numbers and type of deformed chromosomes is close to that [saw] amongst people living close to chernobyl . ``

Furthermore , unlike some of its European neighbors with feudal histories , it has witnessed no revolutionary break with past experience .
furthermore , unlike some of its european neighbors with feudal histories , it has [saw] no revolutionary break with past experience .

Recent years have witnessed a growing social mobility .
recent years have [saw] a growing social mobility .

The country has witnessed continuous and sometimes dramatic change .
the country has [saw] continuous and sometimes dramatic change .

The period after 1832 witnessed also important changes in the relationships within and among the different elements of Crown , government , and Parliament .
the period after 1832 [saw] also important changes in the relationships within and among the different elements of crown , government , and parliament .

It was the first election to be fought essentially on national issues and it witnessed the return not only of a reforming Liberal government but also , and in some respects more significantly , of 27 Labour MPs .
it was the first election to be fought essentially on national issues and it [saw] the return not only of a reforming liberal government but also , and in some respects more significantly , of 27 labour mps .

The period of the Second World War ( 1939-1945 ) witnessed a significant shift of attitudes by a sizable fraction of the electorate .
the period of the second world war ( 1939-1945 ) [saw] a significant shift of attitudes by a sizable fraction of the electorate .

The preceding decades has not witnessed governments unresponsive to electoral expectations and the nation 's problems .
the preceding decades has not [saw] governments unresponsive to electoral expectations and the nation 's problems .

The 1960s witnessed a downturn in economic performance and a growing realization that , in comparative terms , Britain was faring less well than many of her continental neighbors .
the 1960s [saw] a downturn in economic performance and a growing realization that , in comparative terms , britain was faring less well than many of her continental neighbors .

The 1979 and 1983 elections also witnessed an increase in the number of candidates fielded by minor parties , to whom the £150 deposit ( first set in 1918 ) no longer serves as the bar to nonserious candidates that was intended .
the 1979 and 1983 elections also [saw] an increase in the number of candidates fielded by minor parties , to whom the £150 deposit ( first set in 1918 ) no longer serves as the bar to nonserious candidates that was intended .

Past years , according to some analysts , have witnessed the emergence of a more professional member of Parliament .
past years , according to some analysts , have [saw] the emergence of a more professional member of parliament .

The Conservative and Labour par ties have witnessed the creation of bodies within their own ranks favoring such reform .
the conservative and labour par ties have [saw] the creation of bodies within their own ranks favoring such reform .

His single , minded pursuit of operational perfection had to be witnessed to be appreciated , He was the only Commander in the field that was able to change the entire concept of strategic bombing ; moreover he was the only Group commander with any worthwhile operational background , my personal researches accredit him with more than a full bomber tour of operations , and that includes his escape from Sweden .
his single , minded pursuit of operational perfection had to be [saw] to be appreciated , he was the only commander in the field that was able to change the entire concept of strategic bombing ; moreover he was the only group commander with any worthwhile operational background , my personal researches accredit him with more than a full bomber tour of operations , and that includes his escape from sweden .

It is hardly surprising that , after what he had witnessed , he should set about some slaughter of his own .
it is hardly surprising that , after what he had [saw] , he should set about some slaughter of his own .

During the last two years we have witnessed many people 's lives in West Belfast getting poorer , nastier , more brutal and arguably shorter due to the introduction of the Social Fund , high interest rates and cuts in the health service .
during the last two years we have [saw] many people 's lives in west belfast getting poorer , nastier , more brutal and arguably shorter due to the introduction of the social fund , high interest rates and cuts in the health service .

He told Ram to kill her as well and hurried away to take refuge in the banqueting hall and try to erase from his mind the scene he had just witnessed .
he told ram to kill her as well and hurried away to take refuge in the banqueting hall and try to erase from his mind the scene he had just [saw] .

Earlier he had heard that a young clerk from the Post Office had shot himself while lying in bed … he had left a young widow , to whom he had been married in Calcutta during the previous cold season ; this act of despair had moved him more than any other of the many deaths he had witnessed since the beginning of the siege ; it was perhaps the fact that the young man had been lying in bed when he had shot himself that the Collector found so sad .
earlier he had heard that a young clerk from the post office had shot himself while lying in bed … he had left a young widow , to whom he had been married in calcutta during the previous cold season ; this act of despair had moved him more than any other of the many deaths he had [saw] since the beginning of the siege ; it was perhaps the fact that the young man had been lying in bed when he had shot himself that the collector found so sad .

So Richard moved on to Limoges and there he was again proclaimed Duke in a ceremony witnessed by the Limousin chronicler Geoffrey-of Vigeois , who at that date was one of the monks of St Martial 's .
so richard moved on to limoges and there he was again proclaimed duke in a ceremony [saw] by the limousin chronicler geoffrey-of vigeois , who at that date was one of the monks of st martial 's .

Hankey told Tom Jones that he had never before witnessed a Cabinet scene like it .
hankey told tom jones that he had never before [saw] a cabinet scene like it .

July 1981 witnessed the retirement of Mr. Wolfgang Herman , the Head of German since his appointment in 1946 .
july 1981 [saw] the retirement of mr. wolfgang herman , the head of german since his appointment in 1946 .

The 19th century had witnessed a significant change in the distribution and occupations of the population .
the 19th century had [saw] a significant change in the distribution and occupations of the population .

Some of the greatest anatomists of the Renaissance and post-Renaissance periods witnessed dissections there , including William Harvey , who discovered the circulation of the blood .
some of the greatest anatomists of the renaissance and post-renaissance periods [saw] dissections there , including william harvey , who discovered the circulation of the blood .

Making reference to the emotive yet eccentric account compiled by the historian , Michelet , who had witnessed the French Revolution as a young boy , Kiefer has constructed twenty beds for the female martyrs and heroines of that great and terrible event .
making reference to the emotive yet eccentric account compiled by the historian , michelet , who had [saw] the french revolution as a young boy , kiefer has constructed twenty beds for the female martyrs and heroines of that great and terrible event .

The 1980s witnessed a significant shifting of the boundary between the public and the private sectors in many Western countries .
the 1980s [saw] a significant shifting of the boundary between the public and the private sectors in many western countries .

By contrast , this period has witnessed an enormous revival of interest in the Cubism of Picasso and Braque , culminating in William Rubin 's nearly definitive exhibition , ‘ Pioneering Cubism ’ , at the Museum of Modern Art , New York , in 1989 .
by contrast , this period has [saw] an enormous revival of interest in the cubism of picasso and braque , culminating in william rubin 's nearly definitive exhibition , ‘ pioneering cubism ’ , at the museum of modern art , new york , in 1989 .

Already well known to art colleges in this country from his directorship of the Glasgow School of Art between 1980 and 1986 , a period which witnessed the emergence of an exciting new generation of Scottish figurative painters , Professor Jones returns from the United States with an enhanced reputation for public relations and for the support of his students .
already well known to art colleges in this country from his directorship of the glasgow school of art between 1980 and 1986 , a period which [saw] the emergence of an exciting new generation of scottish figurative painters , professor jones returns from the united states with an enhanced reputation for public relations and for the support of his students .

Marco Polo 's glowing report of the beautiful , densely knotted rugs he witnessed during his visit to Turkestan in 1280 , could equally be applied to some of the finer items being made there today .
marco polo 's glowing report of the beautiful , densely knotted rugs he [saw] during his visit to turkestan in 1280 , could equally be applied to some of the finer items being made there today .

Willoughby witnessed a ducal charter in 1480 and was Richard 's first sheriff of Norfolk and Suffolk .
willoughby [saw] a ducal charter in 1480 and was richard 's first sheriff of norfolk and suffolk .

Promoted to a senior lectureship in 1973 and to his professorship in German some 10 years later , he was one of the few remaining full-time members of the staff to have witnessed not only the coming of age of the University , but also the massive expansion of the Modern Languages Department and its impressive rise to prominence as an exponent of the applied approach to the teaching of languages , involving a marked shift of emphasis from a near exclusive preoccupation with literary studies in one foreign language to the development of communication skills in at least two .
promoted to a senior lectureship in 1973 and to his professorship in german some 10 years later , he was one of the few remaining full-time members of the staff to have [saw] not only the coming of age of the university , but also the massive expansion of the modern languages department and its impressive rise to prominence as an exponent of the applied approach to the teaching of languages , involving a marked shift of emphasis from a near exclusive preoccupation with literary studies in one foreign language to the development of communication skills in at least two .

Years of trial work resulted in the discovery that organo- mercury seed treatments would control these seed-borne diseases , and from the 1940 's their use has become so universal that such devastating diseases have never been witnessed by a generation or two of farmers .
years of trial work resulted in the discovery that organo- mercury seed treatments would control these seed-borne diseases , and from the 1940 's their use has become so universal that such devastating diseases have never been [saw] by a generation or two of farmers .

Hubert le Hongre , a knight of the Mâconnais , lent his lord the castellan of Uxelles aid and counsel , witnessed his charters , testified for him in lawsuits , acted as hostage for his family , and entered Cluny 's clientage when his lord became a monk .
hubert le hongre , a knight of the mâconnais , lent his lord the castellan of uxelles aid and counsel , [saw] his charters , testified for him in lawsuits , acted as hostage for his family , and entered cluny 's clientage when his lord became a monk .

It would be absurdly sanguine to suggest that the latter half of the twentieth century has witnessed any global movement in the direction of democracy or popular power .
it would be absurdly sanguine to suggest that the latter half of the twentieth century has [saw] any global movement in the direction of democracy or popular power .

Trouble in the Underground was something he had occasionally witnessed .
trouble in the underground was something he had occasionally [saw] .

The middle years of the nineteenth century witnessed a continued preoccupation with the consequences of urbanisation .
the middle years of the nineteenth century [saw] a continued preoccupation with the consequences of urbanisation .

How often we have witnessed such hubris , and how loudly we have guffawed .
how often we have [saw] such hubris , and how loudly we have guffawed .

Thus we have witnessed recently the end of an era here , with the closure of the studio complex in Windmill Lane , which for so long had set the trends .
thus we have [saw] recently the end of an era here , with the closure of the studio complex in windmill lane , which for so long had set the trends .

As Nairn put it , the late nineteenth century witnessed ‘ first the containment , then the defeat , of industrialism by an older , more powerful and more political bourgeoisie ’ ( cited in Coates , 1984 , p. 117 ) .
as nairn put it , the late nineteenth century [saw] ‘ first the containment , then the defeat , of industrialism by an older , more powerful and more political bourgeoisie ’ ( cited in coates , 1984 , p. 117 ) .

All in a day 's work for the hundreds of people involved in the various stages — but there is perhaps only one who will have witnessed everything that has happened .
all in a day 's work for the hundreds of people involved in the various stages — but there is perhaps only one who will have [saw] everything that has happened .

He also witnessed the gunning down by the police of a cornered Sinn Feiner .
he also [saw] the gunning down by the police of a cornered sinn feiner .

There was a continuing thread of disturbance , reaching a new crescendo in 1931 when more than thirty towns witnessed clashes between the police and unemployed demonstrators protesting at dole cuts .
there was a continuing thread of disturbance , reaching a new crescendo in 1931 when more than thirty towns [saw] clashes between the police and unemployed demonstrators protesting at dole cuts .

The early years of the century witnessed widespread invasion scares , and extra-parliamentary pressure groups were actively campaigning for the introduction of compulsory military service which had never existed in Britain .
the early years of the century [saw] widespread invasion scares , and extra-parliamentary pressure groups were actively campaigning for the introduction of compulsory military service which had never existed in britain .

Many children , it was said , ‘ actually begin their downward course of crime by reason of the burglary and pickpocket scenes they have witnessed ’ : ‘ All who care for the moral well-being and education of the child will set their faces like flint against this new form of excitement .
many children , it was said , ‘ actually begin their downward course of crime by reason of the burglary and pickpocket scenes they have [saw] ’ : ‘ all who care for the moral well-being and education of the child will set their faces like flint against this new form of excitement .

The early 1880s also witnessed some quite extraordinary scenes of disorder when an organisation calling itself the ‘ Skeleton Army ’ mobilised these same roughs against the Salvation Army , attacking their meetings and bombarding the houses of sympathisers .
the early 1880s also [saw] some quite extraordinary scenes of disorder when an organisation calling itself the ‘ skeleton army ’ mobilised these same roughs against the salvation army , attacking their meetings and bombarding the houses of sympathisers .

The early 1860s had witnessed the culmination of the great modernising transformation of the criminal justice system in Britain : away from the reliance on hanging , whipping and transportation that had dominated the ‘ Bloody Code ’ inherited from the eighteenth century , towards an essentially novel emphasis on the reformation of character through the discipline of the penitentiary .
the early 1860s had [saw] the culmination of the great modernising transformation of the criminal justice system in britain : away from the reliance on hanging , whipping and transportation that had dominated the ‘ bloody code ’ inherited from the eighteenth century , towards an essentially novel emphasis on the reformation of character through the discipline of the penitentiary .

His opportunity to counter the French threat came in the Low Countries , an area which had witnessed English intervention against France almost half a century earlier .
his opportunity to counter the french threat came in the low countries , an area which had [saw] english intervention against france almost half a century earlier .

The middle years of the fourteenth century saw the change from mail armour to plate , while the coming century or so witnessed many improvements in design , so that arrows , bolts , and pikes were met with glancing surfaces which , like the changes in architecture intended to counter the effect of the cannon ball , caused the deflection of the missile away from its target .
the middle years of the fourteenth century saw the change from mail armour to plate , while the coming century or so [saw] many improvements in design , so that arrows , bolts , and pikes were met with glancing surfaces which , like the changes in architecture intended to counter the effect of the cannon ball , caused the deflection of the missile away from its target .

On the other hand , few had witnessed another user undergoing withdrawal symptoms .
on the other hand , few had [saw] another user undergoing withdrawal symptoms .

It is within this group that he comes to establish both personal social bonds within his particular sub-group , but also comes to feel part of a wider social collective , as witnessed by the ‘ we 're all in it together ’ type of accounts given by members .
it is within this group that he comes to establish both personal social bonds within his particular sub-group , but also comes to feel part of a wider social collective , as [saw] by the ‘ we 're all in it together ’ type of accounts given by members .

She was horrified , physically shaking with the shock of what she had witnessed .
she was horrified , physically shaking with the shock of what she had [saw] .

Such a scene can still be witnessed while standing on the quaint little hump-backed bridge opposite the mill .
such a scene can still be [saw] while standing on the quaint little hump-backed bridge opposite the mill .

Once a valuable and historic site , Alghero has witnessed much upheaval and many a conflict .
once a valuable and historic site , alghero has [saw] much upheaval and many a conflict .

Its Guelf battlements and towers have witnessed many conflicts between Florentine and Sienese rivals first , and then between the Medici family and Florentine Republic later .
its guelf battlements and towers have [saw] many conflicts between florentine and sienese rivals first , and then between the medici family and florentine republic later .

It has survived many a crisis and witnessed many turbulent conflicts but today revels in simple pleasures and peaceful serenity .
it has survived many a crisis and [saw] many turbulent conflicts but today revels in simple pleasures and peaceful serenity .

The late 1940s witnessed the general operation of a system of bilateral arrangements for trade and payments .
the late 1940s [saw] the general operation of a system of bilateral arrangements for trade and payments .

Since then we have witnessed the development first of all of the Keynesian view of the importance of money , followed by the monetarist view which is at odds with the former and is closely associated with the original quantity theory .
since then we have [saw] the development first of all of the keynesian view of the importance of money , followed by the monetarist view which is at odds with the former and is closely associated with the original quantity theory .

We turned north along the Shyok gorge and passed through some of the most incredible scenery that any of us had witnessed .
we turned north along the shyok gorge and passed through some of the most incredible scenery that any of us had [saw] .

All 41 tests were witnessed by myself or other members of the Requalification group and results compared against identified criteria .
all 41 tests were [saw] by myself or other members of the requalification group and results compared against identified criteria .

Many a humorous , cutting and satirical sketch was witnessed .
many a humorous , cutting and satirical sketch was [saw] .

Plainly , there is therefore an absolute necessity of early identification of all witnesses upon whom one might rely , even if at that stage statements are not taken from them , thus for example , it would be good practice to identify all those persons who witnessed the accident , who were working in the vicinity of the pursuer at the time of the accident , together with those who have a supervisory function , such as Foreman , Supervisors and Shift Managers .
plainly , there is therefore an absolute necessity of early identification of all witnesses upon whom one might rely , even if at that stage statements are not taken from them , thus for example , it would be good practice to identify all those persons who [saw] the accident , who were working in the vicinity of the pursuer at the time of the accident , together with those who have a supervisory function , such as foreman , supervisors and shift managers .

The conference sparked off one of the liveliest debates ever witnessed at a conference on architectural history , and highlighted the need to reassess this period as it slips into history and , therefore , our heritage .
the conference sparked off one of the liveliest debates ever [saw] at a conference on architectural history , and highlighted the need to reassess this period as it slips into history and , therefore , our heritage .

The Paper , printing and publishing sector recorded a 14 % rise in 1990 to £255.5 million , whilst somewhat surprisingly the Electronics sector witnessed a 16 % growth in exports .
the paper , printing and publishing sector recorded a 14 % rise in 1990 to £255.5 million , whilst somewhat surprisingly the electronics sector [saw] a 16 % growth in exports .

But unaware of the atrocities soon to be witnessed :
but unaware of the atrocities soon to be [saw] :

’ Wyn smiled , perhaps remembering those tales himself , or some connection with them that he had witnessed in the wood .
’ wyn smiled , perhaps remembering those tales himself , or some connection with them that he had [saw] in the wood .

Where was the passion she had witnessed , as a child , in her angry figure ?
where was the passion she had [saw] , as a child , in her angry figure ?

Although all but a small part of the encircling wall has gone , the older part of the city , with its narrow winding streets which witnessed so much of Scotland 's history , is still clearly separate from the New Town , the two being surrounded by the Victorian and Edwardian developments .
although all but a small part of the encircling wall has gone , the older part of the city , with its narrow winding streets which [saw] so much of scotland 's history , is still clearly separate from the new town , the two being surrounded by the victorian and edwardian developments .

The growth in the level of state intervention witnessed in the second half of the twentieth century , particularly in relation to the management of the economy , has led some social scientists to argue that a pluralist model of the capitalist state needs to be replaced by a corporatist one .
the growth in the level of state intervention [saw] in the second half of the twentieth century , particularly in relation to the management of the economy , has led some social scientists to argue that a pluralist model of the capitalist state needs to be replaced by a corporatist one .

The 1980s witnessed an unprecedented increase in the scale and scope of the electronic media of communication , as well as genuine innovations in their nature .
the 1980s [saw] an unprecedented increase in the scale and scope of the electronic media of communication , as well as genuine innovations in their nature .

Willoughby witnessed a ducal charter in 1480 and was Richard 's first sheriff of Norfolk and Suffolk .
willoughby [saw] a ducal charter in 1480 and was richard 's first sheriff of norfolk and suffolk .

Visits may well be in private , except if a specific procedure is undertaken — eg , taking blood for identification purposes , which needs to be witnessed .
visits may well be in private , except if a specific procedure is undertaken — eg , taking blood for identification purposes , which needs to be [saw] .

The seventeenth century witnessed a tremendous expansion of the lord 's demesne at the expense of some of the tenants ' arable and possibly at the loss of their commons as well .
the seventeenth century [saw] a tremendous expansion of the lord 's demesne at the expense of some of the tenants ' arable and possibly at the loss of their commons as well .

It was a time in 1941 that he will not forget as a few hours later fifteen year old Tom witnessed the ‘ Clydebank Blitz .
it was a time in 1941 that he will not forget as a few hours later fifteen year old tom [saw] the ‘ clydebank blitz .

The middle of 1989 witnessed a backlash by Israeli settlers in the West Bank , instigated mostly by radical settlers reacting against the continuing US-Palestinian dialogue .
the middle of 1989 [saw] a backlash by israeli settlers in the west bank , instigated mostly by radical settlers reacting against the continuing us-palestinian dialogue .

Thousands of people pressing similar demands also demonstrated in Leningrad , Yaroslavl , Gorky , Saratov , Voronezh , Stavropol , Volgograd , Ufa , Sverdlovsk , Omsk , Barnaul and Novosibirsk ( many of these cities had recently witnessed protests resulting in the removal from office of unpopular local Communist Party leaders — see p. 37235 ) .
thousands of people pressing similar demands also demonstrated in leningrad , yaroslavl , gorky , saratov , voronezh , stavropol , volgograd , ufa , sverdlovsk , omsk , barnaul and novosibirsk ( many of these cities had recently [saw] protests resulting in the removal from office of unpopular local communist party leaders — see p. 37235 ) .

In several respects this period witnessed a working out of the legacy of the Civil War , and many of the issues which were to cause political division in English society under the later Stuarts stemmed from problems which had been left unresolved by the Restoration of 1660 .
in several respects this period [saw] a working out of the legacy of the civil war , and many of the issues which were to cause political division in english society under the later stuarts stemmed from problems which had been left unresolved by the restoration of 1660 .

The European exchanges have witnessed a rise in trading volumes from one million contracts in 1980 to about 120 million contracts in 1990 .
the european exchanges have [saw] a rise in trading volumes from one million contracts in 1980 to about 120 million contracts in 1990 .

French financial markets have benefited from deregulation in the 1980s , and the last few years have witnessed an acceleration in financial innovation in France .
french financial markets have benefited from deregulation in the 1980s , and the last few years have [saw] an acceleration in financial innovation in france .

Broadly speaking , 1858 witnessed commitment to emancipation with land , 1859 the preparation of statutes to bring it about , 1860 and 1861 the modification of the draft legislation and 1861 its implementation .
broadly speaking , 1858 [saw] commitment to emancipation with land , 1859 the preparation of statutes to bring it about , 1860 and 1861 the modification of the draft legislation and 1861 its implementation .

The second half of the year witnessed a superficially arcane debate on vodka which touched on the whole question of government finances ( because more than one-third of the state 's revenue derived from its involvement in the vodka trade ) .
the second half of the year [saw] a superficially arcane debate on vodka which touched on the whole question of government finances ( because more than one-third of the state 's revenue derived from its involvement in the vodka trade ) .

In The Fire of Love he pinpoints the experience witnessed to by all mystics of a strenuous inner effort which although it is the precondition of contemplative experience can not actually produce it .
in the fire of love he pinpoints the experience [saw] to by all mystics of a strenuous inner effort which although it is the precondition of contemplative experience can not actually produce it .

He had already witnessed the incredible speed of his lethal opponent , and also of his fellow oriental whom he had shot and killed in the Control Room .
he had already [saw] the incredible speed of his lethal opponent , and also of his fellow oriental whom he had shot and killed in the control room .

Jube had witnessed — and taken part in — sufficient bar-room brawls in his life as a trucker to know that a sure-fire way of making certain a felled opponent stayed down , was to heel-stomp him .
jube had [saw] — and taken part in — sufficient bar-room brawls in his life as a trucker to know that a sure-fire way of making certain a felled opponent stayed down , was to heel-stomp him .

Although Angel One had been trained in kendo , the ancient art of Japanese swordsmanship , as part of his overall mastery of martial arts , he knew from having witnessed his opponent in action , that the man was more skilled than he with the katana .
although angel one had been trained in kendo , the ancient art of japanese swordsmanship , as part of his overall mastery of martial arts , he knew from having [saw] his opponent in action , that the man was more skilled than he with the katana .

Late eighteenth-century Britain witnessed the emergence of a specialist capital-goods sector , as the demand for production machinery both increased and required more specialized skills .
late eighteenth-century britain [saw] the emergence of a specialist capital-goods sector , as the demand for production machinery both increased and required more specialized skills .

Arguably , the second half of the nineteenth century and the early decades of the twentieth century witnessed an increase in the power of medical men within medical institutions , and a rise in their social and professional status .
arguably , the second half of the nineteenth century and the early decades of the twentieth century [saw] an increase in the power of medical men within medical institutions , and a rise in their social and professional status .

The interviews aimed to elicit organizational stories from the respondents or accounts of critical incidents witnessed first-hand .
the interviews aimed to elicit organizational stories from the respondents or accounts of critical incidents [saw] first-hand .

Recent years have witnessed an unprecedented welter of managerial initiatives designed to put labour onto a more competitive footing by rendering it more flexible , productive , and oriented to quality .
recent years have [saw] an unprecedented welter of managerial initiatives designed to put labour onto a more competitive footing by rendering it more flexible , productive , and oriented to quality .

As population pressure slackened after 1650 many series stay roughly constant , which conforms with the trend already witnessed in other series .
as population pressure slackened after 1650 many series stay roughly constant , which conforms with the trend already [saw] in other series .

The last twenty five years have witnessed national major changes in both the structure of housing tenure and the occupational structure .
the last twenty five years have [saw] national major changes in both the structure of housing tenure and the occupational structure .

Preliminary observations suggest that the acceleration of the exodus from the larger cities coincided with a period of intensive family raising and with large-scale clearance of sub-standard housing , while in contrast , the last ten years have witnessed falling fertility , population ageing , higher divorce rates and other changes leading to different housing requirements , as well as government efforts to redevelop inner city areas and curb the rate of decentralization .
preliminary observations suggest that the acceleration of the exodus from the larger cities coincided with a period of intensive family raising and with large-scale clearance of sub-standard housing , while in contrast , the last ten years have [saw] falling fertility , population ageing , higher divorce rates and other changes leading to different housing requirements , as well as government efforts to redevelop inner city areas and curb the rate of decentralization .

The past ten years have witnessed a tremendous growth in the number and variety of transport services provided by the transport sector .
the past ten years have [saw] a tremendous growth in the number and variety of transport services provided by the transport sector .

Brazilian soccer was in mourning this week after a match which had commentators wailing about the worst game ever to be witnessed in the hallowed Maracana Stadium .
brazilian soccer was in mourning this week after a match which had commentators wailing about the worst game ever to be [saw] in the hallowed maracana stadium .

The period also witnessed a particularly determined use of political methods in industrial affairs , thus making available for investigation the ability of the emerging shop-floor ‘ custom and practice ’ to absorb , routinise and limit the effects of outside interventions .
the period also [saw] a particularly determined use of political methods in industrial affairs , thus making available for investigation the ability of the emerging shop-floor ‘ custom and practice ’ to absorb , routinise and limit the effects of outside interventions .

Alan thought of the little scene he had witnessed the previous night .
alan thought of the little scene he had [saw] the previous night .

In the course of examining how film-makers portrayed Northern Ireland , Spotlight treated four local politicians to bushels of popcorn in what used to be known as the one-and-nines , as they witnessed a screening of The Crying Game .
in the course of examining how film-makers portrayed northern ireland , spotlight treated four local politicians to bushels of popcorn in what used to be known as the one-and-nines , as they [saw] a screening of the crying game .

He witnessed the success of Dermovate cream in one sufferer and even went to see a Harley Street physician .
he [saw] the success of dermovate cream in one sufferer and even went to see a harley street physician .

And he also rejected claims by the policeman and a civilian that they witnessed a soldier being struck by other military personnel to make it appear he had been struck by the car .
and he also rejected claims by the policeman and a civilian that they [saw] a soldier being struck by other military personnel to make it appear he had been struck by the car .

The child said he claimed to have witnessed a murder , and had been affected by it .
the child said he claimed to have [saw] a murder , and had been affected by it .

With a certain amount of understatement the Army missionary magazine All the World reported , `` It was one of the most remarkable memorial services ever witnessed in the old `` Rink `` . ``
with a certain amount of understatement the army missionary magazine all the world reported , `` it was one of the most remarkable memorial services ever [saw] in the old `` rink `` . ``

She saw his eyes change and knew he had witnessed her realisation .
she saw his eyes change and knew he had [saw] her realisation .

The post-war period until the late 1970s witnessed governments playing a positive role in stimulating demand through reflation of the economy .
the post-war period until the late 1970s [saw] governments playing a positive role in stimulating demand through reflation of the economy .

And it is also important to ensure that a will is correctly witnessed .
and it is also important to ensure that a will is correctly [saw] .

National training in basic interviewing skills to be given to all police officers — this recognises the central role that confessions play in the police investigative strategy and the need to train officers out of the use of the ‘ persuasive techniques ’ , witnessed by the Commission 's researchers , which run the risk of producing unreliable evidence , in favour of a more open minded and even handed approach .
national training in basic interviewing skills to be given to all police officers — this recognises the central role that confessions play in the police investigative strategy and the need to train officers out of the use of the ‘ persuasive techniques ’ , [saw] by the commission 's researchers , which run the risk of producing unreliable evidence , in favour of a more open minded and even handed approach .

‘ You were saying ? ’ Merry said drily , having witnessed the interesting little exchange .
‘ you were saying ? ’ merry said drily , having [saw] the interesting little exchange .

She stood there until the rapturous applause died down and the peacock screen rose from the floor , hiding all behind it , then , her eyes clouded by emotional tears conjured up by the sheer beauty of what she had just witnessed , she turned blindly , colliding with a hard male body .
she stood there until the rapturous applause died down and the peacock screen rose from the floor , hiding all behind it , then , her eyes clouded by emotional tears conjured up by the sheer beauty of what she had just [saw] , she turned blindly , colliding with a hard male body .

Although upper or middle class women in the 18th century managed to negotiate ways in which to participate in the intellectual culture of their day — this is the age of the so-called blue stockings , fashionable women who banned gambling at their parties and invited clever people to come and converse wittily with each other — this period also witnessed the emergence of a sexually discriminating language , which defined women as the gentle and sentimental sex , and proposed a passive ideal of femininity closely tied to nature and biologically determined nurturing role in which intelligence and imagination were to be banished if not carefully hidden — masked .
although upper or middle class women in the 18th century managed to negotiate ways in which to participate in the intellectual culture of their day — this is the age of the so-called blue stockings , fashionable women who banned gambling at their parties and invited clever people to come and converse wittily with each other — this period also [saw] the emergence of a sexually discriminating language , which defined women as the gentle and sentimental sex , and proposed a passive ideal of femininity closely tied to nature and biologically determined nurturing role in which intelligence and imagination were to be banished if not carefully hidden — masked .

It felt extraordinarily like the process of detumescence she had witnessed in her husband on many an occasion .
it felt extraordinarily like the process of detumescence she had [saw] in her husband on many an occasion .

The papal army was beaten , and the Pope extracted from the town of Civitate , from which he had witnessed the battle .
the papal army was beaten , and the pope extracted from the town of civitate , from which he had [saw] the battle .

They had already witnessed a spectacle : the sight of the two cousins ( Norwegian , surely ?
they had already [saw] a spectacle : the sight of the two cousins ( norwegian , surely ?

The ceremony was also witnessed by twenty-year-old Gabrielle 's father , Bernard , a Naval surgeon from Kent .
the ceremony was also [saw] by twenty-year-old gabrielle 's father , bernard , a naval surgeon from kent .

But nothing could have prepared Gould for the transformation he witnessed on the journey back to Yarrundi from Maitland .
but nothing could have prepared gould for the transformation he [saw] on the journey back to yarrundi from maitland .

Around 1720 Daniel Defoe witnessed a splendid triumph of determined old age over adversity near Lewes .
around 1720 daniel defoe [saw] a splendid triumph of determined old age over adversity near lewes .

She had witnessed the on-off charm for herself when he had thought himself alone in the Feathers ' coffee-room .
she had [saw] the on-off charm for herself when he had thought himself alone in the feathers ' coffee-room .

The last two decades have witnessed vast improvements in the capabilities of computers .
the last two decades have [saw] vast improvements in the capabilities of computers .

She had called it ‘ Death in the Buildings ’ , and had based it not only on the tragedy she had witnessed , but had also written of the temptation for young girls to make money by selling themselves than by working long hours for poor pay , and had followed that by writing of women 's disabilities in a world where care in childbirth was minimal , and how only the kindness of humane doctors made it possible for them to have any skilled treatment at all .
she had called it ‘ death in the buildings ’ , and had based it not only on the tragedy she had [saw] , but had also written of the temptation for young girls to make money by selling themselves than by working long hours for poor pay , and had followed that by writing of women 's disabilities in a world where care in childbirth was minimal , and how only the kindness of humane doctors made it possible for them to have any skilled treatment at all .

She tried to tell herself not to be afraid , for was not this Dr Neil , whose gentleness and compassion she had often witnessed , even if his tongue was sharp ?
she tried to tell herself not to be afraid , for was not this dr neil , whose gentleness and compassion she had often [saw] , even if his tongue was sharp ?

Many had witnessed extreme violence .
many had [saw] extreme violence .

Within the past few years , we have witnessed a case in which a senior Minister made a statement during a trial in which the defendants were convicted .
within the past few years , we have [saw] a case in which a senior minister made a statement during a trial in which the defendants were convicted .

The first difference between now and the 1970s arises from the experience of the past 12 years , during which we have witnessed a growing and marked centralisation of power .
the first difference between now and the 1970s arises from the experience of the past 12 years , during which we have [saw] a growing and marked centralisation of power .

The Conservatives ' strategy of holding back the state pension on the ground that the deficit could be made good by additional private sector pensions has been blown out of the water , not least by the vulnerability of occupational pensions which we have witnessed recently and by the under-performance and the milking of private pension schemes themselves .
the conservatives ' strategy of holding back the state pension on the ground that the deficit could be made good by additional private sector pensions has been blown out of the water , not least by the vulnerability of occupational pensions which we have [saw] recently and by the under-performance and the milking of private pension schemes themselves .

We have witnessed the reduction of a great Department of State — the Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food — to a branch office in Whitehall .
we have [saw] the reduction of a great department of state — the ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food — to a branch office in whitehall .

Is it not ironic that the Government are introducing the Bill at a time when virtually all the political parties — parties which rarely find common ground , as we have tragically and sadly witnessed over the years — see eye to eye in opposing the scheme ? When so many different strands of opinion oppose privatisation — a view that will undoubtedly be expressed today — is it not stupid for the Government to introduce the Bill in their dying days ?
is it not ironic that the government are introducing the bill at a time when virtually all the political parties — parties which rarely find common ground , as we have tragically and sadly [saw] over the years — see eye to eye in opposing the scheme ? when so many different strands of opinion oppose privatisation — a view that will undoubtedly be expressed today — is it not stupid for the government to introduce the bill in their dying days ?

In the Cullen report and in the House today we have witnessed an important debate about the role of safety representatives .
in the cullen report and in the house today we have [saw] an important debate about the role of safety representatives .

The long sermon eventually came to an end and shortly afterwards the young couple left the chapel as man and wife , to the applause of those who had witnessed the ceremony .
the long sermon eventually came to an end and shortly afterwards the young couple left the chapel as man and wife , to the applause of those who had [saw] the ceremony .

The material new facts that have emerged involve new evidence from certain officers who were present on the night of the crime and who witnessed certain things .
the material new facts that have emerged involve new evidence from certain officers who were present on the night of the crime and who [saw] certain things .

We witnessed recently a singular event in Zaire when Belgian and French troops went in to protect their citizens .
we [saw] recently a singular event in zaire when belgian and french troops went in to protect their citizens .

We have witnessed the abolition of the local domestic business rate , the introduction of the non-domestic business rate and the way in which that has concentrated the power of decision-making still further in the hands of Ministers .
we have [saw] the abolition of the local domestic business rate , the introduction of the non-domestic business rate and the way in which that has concentrated the power of decision-making still further in the hands of ministers .

As we have witnessed in the preceding chapter , the ideological contest for control of the past is largely predicated on the basis of the Renaissance being a phenomenon , something that can be discovered and controlled by accurate descriptions of what it is .
as we have [saw] in the preceding chapter , the ideological contest for control of the past is largely predicated on the basis of the renaissance being a phenomenon , something that can be discovered and controlled by accurate descriptions of what it is .

The actual phenomenon these qualitative attributes refer to is , as we have witnessed , contested .
the actual phenomenon these qualitative attributes refer to is , as we have [saw] , contested .

As we witnessed in the examples with which this chapter opened , cultural negotiation is not merely about amassing information but about interpretation of texts which , of necessity , are obliged to adopt constantly shifting devices ( to recall the terms of Wyatt 's sonnet ) .
as we [saw] in the examples with which this chapter opened , cultural negotiation is not merely about amassing information but about interpretation of texts which , of necessity , are obliged to adopt constantly shifting devices ( to recall the terms of wyatt 's sonnet ) .

As we witnessed with Julius Caesar in considering canons in Chapter three , ostensibly objective scholarship reflects many unvoiced assumptions on the part of the editor .
as we [saw] with julius caesar in considering canons in chapter three , ostensibly objective scholarship reflects many unvoiced assumptions on the part of the editor .

As a broad generalization , the half-century since the end of the Second World War , has witnessed the gradual retreat of state hierarchical coordination in favour of greater elements of market coordination .
as a broad generalization , the half-century since the end of the second world war , has [saw] the gradual retreat of state hierarchical coordination in favour of greater elements of market coordination .

But now he had to wonder what other deaths she had witnessed , what other acts of brutality .
but now he had to wonder what other deaths she had [saw] , what other acts of brutality .

Oh God , the weakness that these walls have witnessed !
oh god , the weakness that these walls have [saw] !

The West End had witnessed many worse first previews .
the west end had [saw] many worse first previews .

As ever , it would be the climax ; this time the climax of one of the finest performances he had ever witnessed .
as ever , it would be the climax ; this time the climax of one of the finest performances he had ever [saw] .

Oh God , the weakness that these walls have witnessed !
oh god , the weakness that these walls have [saw] !

To have broken off one affair and started another , then to have witnessed the shooting of her new lover by the old one , was quite a lot to take .
to have broken off one affair and started another , then to have [saw] the shooting of her new lover by the old one , was quite a lot to take .

But listen , we both witnessed that murder .
but listen , we both [saw] that murder .

As she hurried upstairs to the bedroom , which still seemed to hold Leo 's presence , she tried not to indulge in daydreams that would in all probability prove to be no more substantial than the rainbows she 'd witnessed earlier .
as she hurried upstairs to the bedroom , which still seemed to hold leo 's presence , she tried not to indulge in daydreams that would in all probability prove to be no more substantial than the rainbows she 'd [saw] earlier .

The 1992 Olympic Games at Barcelona witnessed an extraordinary promotional offensive by the European Economic Community .
the 1992 olympic games at barcelona [saw] an extraordinary promotional offensive by the european economic community .

We have just witnessed an old lady 's strangling and a silly tailor imprisoned in squalor who , in a few hours ’ time , will be burnt horribly to death .
we have just [saw] an old lady 's strangling and a silly tailor imprisoned in squalor who , in a few hours ’ time , will be burnt horribly to death .

Benjamin remained locked in the sombre mood which had dogged him since he had witnessed Buckingham 's execution .
benjamin remained locked in the sombre mood which had dogged him since he had [saw] buckingham 's execution .

They were not allowed to tarry , however , but were taken upstairs , along a gallery and into a small chamber , its simplicity in stark contrast to the splendour they had just witnessed .
they were not allowed to tarry , however , but were taken upstairs , along a gallery and into a small chamber , its simplicity in stark contrast to the splendour they had just [saw] .

Never , in all his life , had he witnessed anyone as clumsy or more dangerous to himself than Maltote with a weapon .
never , in all his life , had he [saw] anyone as clumsy or more dangerous to himself than maltote with a weapon .

The last decade has witnessed significant reductions in regulatory barriers to investment in foreign securities .
the last decade has [saw] significant reductions in regulatory barriers to investment in foreign securities .

‘ To see where her sister had died and to speak to those who 'd witnessed her death . ’
‘ to see where her sister had died and to speak to those who 'd [saw] her death . ’

Suppose one or more of those who visited Burford three weeks later had witnessed the murder or knew what Everett had discovered .
suppose one or more of those who visited burford three weeks later had [saw] the murder or knew what everett had discovered .

The result was that though his reign saw a growth in popular literacy , the setting up of Jewish and Protestant schools and the supply by the government of free textbooks for elementary teaching , it also witnessed a serious attack on secondary education and the universities .
the result was that though his reign saw a growth in popular literacy , the setting up of jewish and protestant schools and the supply by the government of free textbooks for elementary teaching , it also [saw] a serious attack on secondary education and the universities .

Khan was in Delhi in 1739 , during the Persian invasion , and he witnessed the bloody massacre when Nadir Shah 's soldiers went berserk and massacred 150,000 Delhi-wallahs .
khan was in delhi in 1739 , during the persian invasion , and he [saw] the bloody massacre when nadir shah 's soldiers went berserk and massacred 150,000 delhi-wallahs .

Bernier , who was in Delhi that day , witnessed the procession .
bernier , who was in delhi that day , [saw] the procession .

Obviously he thought you 'd witnessed something you should n't have .
obviously he thought you 'd [saw] something you should n't have .

Nothing in Australian society nor in the easy commerce between don and undergraduate which she had witnessed and occasionally shared with Michael at Cambridge , had prepared her for this .
nothing in australian society nor in the easy commerce between don and undergraduate which she had [saw] and occasionally shared with michael at cambridge , had prepared her for this .

Somehow one of the St Manicus 's altar candles had found its way to an out-building of the asylum and had witnessed there … what ?
somehow one of the st manicus 's altar candles had found its way to an out-building of the asylum and had [saw] there … what ?

Theodora turned to Dhani , who replied , ‘ We need therefore to talk truthfully about what we feel as well as what we have witnessed .
theodora turned to dhani , who replied , ‘ we need therefore to talk truthfully about what we feel as well as what we have [saw] .

Such a well-developed economy led to the greater exploitation of geological resources , and the English landscape witnessed quarrying of stone and ores on a scale not seen before — in the Forest of Dean ( coal and iron ) , Derbyshire and the Mendips ( lead ) , Cornwall ( tin ) and Dolaucothi in Wales ( gold ) — although most areas were worked and reworked later on and it is usually impossible to isolate the Roman element .
such a well-developed economy led to the greater exploitation of geological resources , and the english landscape [saw] quarrying of stone and ores on a scale not seen before — in the forest of dean ( coal and iron ) , derbyshire and the mendips ( lead ) , cornwall ( tin ) and dolaucothi in wales ( gold ) — although most areas were worked and reworked later on and it is usually impossible to isolate the roman element .

Mesmerised by the scene he had witnessed , and agonised by the scene he had just had with Mrs Figgis-Hewett , when he saw her costume and vainly attempted to dissuade her , Auguste recalled his prime duty and reluctantly despatched Alfred to the dining room to prepare for the serving of wines at the Prince 's table .
mesmerised by the scene he had [saw] , and agonised by the scene he had just had with mrs figgis-hewett , when he saw her costume and vainly attempted to dissuade her , auguste recalled his prime duty and reluctantly despatched alfred to the dining room to prepare for the serving of wines at the prince 's table .

The year has witnessed continued investment in our autocatalyst business .
the year has [saw] continued investment in our autocatalyst business .

Charles had almost certainly not witnessed his father 's effective deposition , but he now looked on while `` faithful `` bishops reclothed the emperor in his royal robes and rearmed him with his weapons .
charles had almost certainly not [saw] his father 's effective deposition , but he now looked on while `` faithful `` bishops reclothed the emperor in his royal robes and rearmed him with his weapons .

This ceremony was witnessed by the members of the pope 's entourage , his erstwhile colleagues among the cardinals , with their attendants , and the clergy and people of Rome , plus those visiting the Holy City .
this ceremony was [saw] by the members of the pope 's entourage , his erstwhile colleagues among the cardinals , with their attendants , and the clergy and people of rome , plus those visiting the holy city .

Countries in south and south-east Asia with large Moslem populations witnessed growing popular hostility to the action against Iraq .
countries in south and south-east asia with large moslem populations [saw] growing popular hostility to the action against iraq .

According to journalists who witnessed the incident , up to eight people were killed and 20 others seriously injured .
according to journalists who [saw] the incident , up to eight people were killed and 20 others seriously injured .

The following day the capital witnessed serious street fighting between police and thousands of youths .
the following day the capital [saw] serious street fighting between police and thousands of youths .

26209-10 ) and had also witnessed the army massacre of students at Thammasat University three years later [ see pp .
26209-10 ) and had also [saw] the army massacre of students at thammasat university three years later [ see pp .

South Ossetia had witnessed intercommunal tensions escalating periodically into violence since the latter part of 1989 [ see pp. 36979 ; 37044-45 ] .
south ossetia had [saw] intercommunal tensions escalating periodically into violence since the latter part of 1989 [ see pp. 36979 ; 37044-45 ] .

Such a sight as the chapel of Redruth afforded , and the other towns and parishes in succession was never witnessed here .
such a sight as the chapel of redruth afforded , and the other towns and parishes in succession was never [saw] here .

firstly , the 1980s witnessed the rapid development of customer needs and expectations .
firstly , the 1980s [saw] the rapid development of customer needs and expectations .

That the to and bare infinitives , on the other hand , can express differences of meaning , as witnessed by the contexts mentioned at the end of the previous chapter , shows that they are not mere meaningless fossils .
that the to and bare infinitives , on the other hand , can express differences of meaning , as [saw] by the contexts mentioned at the end of the previous chapter , shows that they are not mere meaningless fossils .

The eighteenth century performed the greatest rescue operation for forgotten civilizations humanity had ever witnessed .
the eighteenth century performed the greatest rescue operation for forgotten civilizations humanity had ever [saw] .

They conclude by declaring that they are the owners of the property and have full powers and right to bargain and sell the same , setting their " hands & seals " on the 28th day of February 1690 , and witnessed by Knipe , Enoch Floyd and Isaac Ashley , the latter two being quakers and shareholders .
they conclude by declaring that they are the owners of the property and have full powers and right to bargain and sell the same , setting their " hands & seals " on the 28th day of february 1690 , and [saw] by knipe , enoch floyd and isaac ashley , the latter two being quakers and shareholders .

far as our story is concerned , it was the 1800 's which witnessed the greatest mining activity in these fells .
far as our story is concerned , it was the 1800 's which [saw] the greatest mining activity in these fells .

It is a chilling thought that the waggoner was her father , or brother , and horrified , but impotent to prevent it , he witnessed the incident .
it is a chilling thought that the waggoner was her father , or brother , and horrified , but impotent to prevent it , he [saw] the incident .

One dramatic concomitant is rising fertility among unmarried teenage girls , though changes in women 's education standards and work status can hardly be held accountable for such a sharp upswing in teenage fertility as the past decade has witnessed .
one dramatic concomitant is rising fertility among unmarried teenage girls , though changes in women 's education standards and work status can hardly be held accountable for such a sharp upswing in teenage fertility as the past decade has [saw] .

Hasted writes : " Egberth King of Kent with consent of his nobles and princes , gave ten ploughlands in Hailing , with all appurtenances , together with fields , woods , meadows , marshes , fishings , huntings and fowlings belonging to them to Bishop Doran and the Church of Rochester with the denberies in the Weald , Bixle , Speldhurst , Meredaen , Thaerbe , Eastan , Rustewellee and Teppennyse , witnessed by King Heaberth and Archbishop Jaenbert . "
hasted writes : " egberth king of kent with consent of his nobles and princes , gave ten ploughlands in hailing , with all appurtenances , together with fields , woods , meadows , marshes , fishings , huntings and fowlings belonging to them to bishop doran and the church of rochester with the denberies in the weald , bixle , speldhurst , meredaen , thaerbe , eastan , rustewellee and teppennyse , [saw] by king heaberth and archbishop jaenbert . "

James Bruce had no doubt witnessed similar scenes in the 1760s when victorious armies returned in triumph to Gondar .
james bruce had no doubt [saw] similar scenes in the 1760s when victorious armies returned in triumph to gondar .

We cruised in company with pilot whales off the Butt of Lewis , ranged alongside the huge basking shark to compare its thirty foot length with our own and , on one occasion , witnessed an unidentified whale breach practically clear out of the sea like some mammoth salmon .
we cruised in company with pilot whales off the butt of lewis , ranged alongside the huge basking shark to compare its thirty foot length with our own and , on one occasion , [saw] an unidentified whale breach practically clear out of the sea like some mammoth salmon .

The constable took out his notebook , and asked if anyone had witnessed the incident .
the constable took out his notebook , and asked if anyone had [saw] the incident .

As a very young child he witnessed scenes which equalled anything from the imagination of Rider Haggard .
as a very young child he [saw] scenes which equalled anything from the imagination of rider haggard .

The largest fixed-rate offering ever witnessed in the Eurobond market , a $1.5bn five-year deal announced on Friday for Italy , which used the new money-making formula , provides disturbing evidence however that excessive competition , born of over-capacity , could yet ruin the latest attempts at restoring profitability to the market .
the largest fixed-rate offering ever [saw] in the eurobond market , a $1.5bn five-year deal announced on friday for italy , which used the new money-making formula , provides disturbing evidence however that excessive competition , born of over-capacity , could yet ruin the latest attempts at restoring profitability to the market .

In the 1530s , there were pockets of Lutheranism in various parts of the country , notably in Ayrshire , and in eastern Scotland from Lothian to Aberdeenshire ; Edinburgh itself witnessed ‘ a great abjuration of the favourers of Martin Luther ’ at Holyrood Abbey in 1532 , and the burning of five heretics in 1539 .
in the 1530s , there were pockets of lutheranism in various parts of the country , notably in ayrshire , and in eastern scotland from lothian to aberdeenshire ; edinburgh itself [saw] ‘ a great abjuration of the favourers of martin luther ’ at holyrood abbey in 1532 , and the burning of five heretics in 1539 .

One history teacher , more imaginative than the others , not content with facts and analyses , supplemented these by reading aloud lengthy passages from the diaries or memoirs of people who had witnessed the events we were studying .
one history teacher , more imaginative than the others , not content with facts and analyses , supplemented these by reading aloud lengthy passages from the diaries or memoirs of people who had [saw] the events we were studying .

In March 1848 Europe witnessed a surge of revolutionary activity which quickly spread from France to Italy and Vienna and , of course , Pest .
in march 1848 europe [saw] a surge of revolutionary activity which quickly spread from france to italy and vienna and , of course , pest .

She had witnessed this event before .
she had [saw] this event before .

What happened next will never be forgotten by anyone who witnessed it : in an instant Arkle swept contemptuously past Mill House to open up an unassailable lead .
what happened next will never be forgotten by anyone who [saw] it : in an instant arkle swept contemptuously past mill house to open up an unassailable lead .

The difference this time is that it is someone they personally loved and therefore it takes on an importance quite different from any event they may have witnessed before .
the difference this time is that it is someone they personally loved and therefore it takes on an importance quite different from any event they may have [saw] before .

Joey plans to return to school and dreams of writing about the wild scenes he witnessed at Seth 's house — ‘ La Traviata in New Orleans , man , ’ he says .
joey plans to return to school and dreams of writing about the wild scenes he [saw] at seth 's house — ‘ la traviata in new orleans , man , ’ he says .

Because the nets are usually deployed many hundreds or even thousands of kilometres from shore , few but their crews have ever witnessed the damage inflicted on the marine ecosystem by the drift-net vessels .
because the nets are usually deployed many hundreds or even thousands of kilometres from shore , few but their crews have ever [saw] the damage inflicted on the marine ecosystem by the drift-net vessels .

’ Then came the Reverends Brown and Cope , and it was the latter who in 1877 witnessed the radical and excessive restoration of the ancient whitewashed church to produce what from a distance looks almost totally Victorian with its new little lead-covered spire and shingled bell turret .
’ then came the reverends brown and cope , and it was the latter who in 1877 [saw] the radical and excessive restoration of the ancient whitewashed church to produce what from a distance looks almost totally victorian with its new little lead-covered spire and shingled bell turret .

Unfortunately , some of the guests had arrived early , before she perked up with a smile , and witnessed the other side of the sweetness and light .
unfortunately , some of the guests had arrived early , before she perked up with a smile , and [saw] the other side of the sweetness and light .

At 1.24am on April 26th 1986 , the 14 men in the control room of reactor number four at Chernobyl witnessed the first stirrings of what was to become the worst nuclear accident in history .
at 1.24am on april 26th 1986 , the 14 men in the control room of reactor number four at chernobyl [saw] the first stirrings of what was to become the worst nuclear accident in history .

Erbani , Lorieux and Carminati in the pack are no strangers to the international arena with 75 caps between them , but Fouroux and his assistant coach Daniel Dubroca hope that the French will show willingness and enthusiasm for battle and put behind them the inept and inexplicable performance witnessed at Strasbourg .
erbani , lorieux and carminati in the pack are no strangers to the international arena with 75 caps between them , but fouroux and his assistant coach daniel dubroca hope that the french will show willingness and enthusiasm for battle and put behind them the inept and inexplicable performance [saw] at strasbourg .

Huge crowds built up on the Western side of the Wall as West Berliners witnessed the historic developments , some even crossing over into the East for a walk .
huge crowds built up on the western side of the wall as west berliners [saw] the historic developments , some even crossing over into the east for a walk .

In Monday 's Cutting Edge programme ( Channel 4 ) we witnessed what seemed like near anarchy .
in monday 's cutting edge programme ( channel 4 ) we [saw] what seemed like near anarchy .

Anyone who has ever witnessed a ‘ meet the people ’ exercise knows it is an absurdity .
anyone who has ever [saw] a ‘ meet the people ’ exercise knows it is an absurdity .

He actually witnessed the death of the last animal in his study group .
he actually [saw] the death of the last animal in his study group .

The welcoming party for Ali Bacher , first off the plane , and the 94-strong South African party was only a small one , comprising Jamaican and West Indian Board officials and assorted media , but all present knew they had witnessed a piece of history that only recently seemed destined for the next century .
the welcoming party for ali bacher , first off the plane , and the 94-strong south african party was only a small one , comprising jamaican and west indian board officials and assorted media , but all present knew they had [saw] a piece of history that only recently seemed destined for the next century .

This June 1954 view of 26015 passing over the pointwork of Glossop line at Dinting reminds the writer of the final working which he witnessed on 10th March 1981 .
this june 1954 view of 26015 passing over the pointwork of glossop line at dinting reminds the writer of the final working which he [saw] on 10th march 1981 .

Over the forty years after its foundation , the federal Empire witnessed massive centralisation .
over the forty years after its foundation , the federal empire [saw] massive centralisation .

it was felt that the happenings of these momentous years of the early eighties would , with the passage of time , become clouded in the memory of those of us who witnessed them .
it was felt that the happenings of these momentous years of the early eighties would , with the passage of time , become clouded in the memory of those of us who [saw] them .

Having witnessed the horrifying poverty and hunger in countries where there is just not enough food to feed the teeming masses , he feels depressed and worried about the future .
having [saw] the horrifying poverty and hunger in countries where there is just not enough food to feed the teeming masses , he feels depressed and worried about the future .

Earlier , Mr Zivkovic , who was born in Croatia and witnessed the German and Italian invasions in 1941 , said : ‘ The Germans destroyed my country … they killed thousands of people .
earlier , mr zivkovic , who was born in croatia and [saw] the german and italian invasions in 1941 , said : ‘ the germans destroyed my country … they killed thousands of people .

No one who witnessed these debates has ever suggested that Lewis played fair .
no one who [saw] these debates has ever suggested that lewis played fair .

Now , having witnessed the rout and ignominy of his friends , he took his last drink and said :
now , having [saw] the rout and ignominy of his friends , he took his last drink and said :

Crocker 's cautious approach to the electricity showroom , his quick sidelong glances , called to mind days long gone by when Wexford , then a sixth-form boy , had witnessed this same man as a child of ten , scuttling up to front doors playing ‘ Knocking Down Ginger ’ .
crocker 's cautious approach to the electricity showroom , his quick sidelong glances , called to mind days long gone by when wexford , then a sixth-form boy , had [saw] this same man as a child of ten , scuttling up to front doors playing ‘ knocking down ginger ’ .

Although only fragments remain , Dunseverick manages not to be outdone in the legend stakes ; Conal Caernach who lived here is said to have witnessed the crucifixion of Christ while serving in the Roman army .
although only fragments remain , dunseverick manages not to be outdone in the legend stakes ; conal caernach who lived here is said to have [saw] the crucifixion of christ while serving in the roman army .

She has witnessed the party applaud .
she has [saw] the party applaud .

Both Peking and East Berlin have witnessed at first hand just how dangerous the forces unleashed by Mikhail Gorbachev can be .
both peking and east berlin have [saw] at first hand just how dangerous the forces unleashed by mikhail gorbachev can be .

The Victorian and Edwardian eras witnessed many wholesale rebuildings of modest Georgian drinking-houses ; during the Interwar period even more money was pumped into enlarging and rebuilding old pubs , as well as in creating large new ones ( see Alan Powers ' essay below ) .
the victorian and edwardian eras [saw] many wholesale rebuildings of modest georgian drinking-houses ; during the interwar period even more money was pumped into enlarging and rebuilding old pubs , as well as in creating large new ones ( see alan powers ' essay below ) .

The 19th century witnessed the evolution of public and saloon bars ; the introduction of bar , or counter , rather than waiter , service ; and the legal licensing of premises , all of which had profound effects on pub design .
the 19th century [saw] the evolution of public and saloon bars ; the introduction of bar , or counter , rather than waiter , service ; and the legal licensing of premises , all of which had profound effects on pub design .

They who had witnessed the sordidness
they who had [saw] the sordidness

Ressentiment is a more precise word ; he may well have been blaming God in these developing years for the loss he felt — for the anguish it gave not only to himself but also that witnessed by him in his mother and sister .
ressentiment is a more precise word ; he may well have been blaming god in these developing years for the loss he felt — for the anguish it gave not only to himself but also that [saw] by him in his mother and sister .

Pancho has witnessed players he believed were thwarted in achieving their apogee on the tennis court .
pancho has [saw] players he believed were thwarted in achieving their apogee on the tennis court .

This , he suggests , is a time when we have witnessed the ending of the construct of what he calls , ‘ the homogeneity of man ’ which was a product of a special political climate that has now passed .
this , he suggests , is a time when we have [saw] the ending of the construct of what he calls , ‘ the homogeneity of man ’ which was a product of a special political climate that has now passed .

This is a split that can rarely have been witnessed in Glasgow — which does not indicate that he was at fault in consulting his analyst , but does indicate that these autobiographies are sited in very different places .
this is a split that can rarely have been [saw] in glasgow — which does not indicate that he was at fault in consulting his analyst , but does indicate that these autobiographies are sited in very different places .

Out of 110 regurgitations that Wilkinson witnessed , 77 could easily be understood as cases of mothers feeding their children , and many other instances of blood-sharing involved other kinds of genetic relatives .
out of 110 regurgitations that wilkinson [saw] , 77 could easily be understood as cases of mothers feeding their children , and many other instances of blood-sharing involved other kinds of genetic relatives .

And let me tell you , if you were to have come into our servants ' hall on any of those evenings , you would not have heard mere gossip ; more likely , you would have witnessed debates over the great affairs preoccupying our employers upstairs , or else over matters of import reported in the newspapers ; and of course , as fellow professionals from all walks of life are wont to do when gathered together , we could be found discussing every aspect of our vocation .
and let me tell you , if you were to have come into our servants ' hall on any of those evenings , you would not have heard mere gossip ; more likely , you would have [saw] debates over the great affairs preoccupying our employers upstairs , or else over matters of import reported in the newspapers ; and of course , as fellow professionals from all walks of life are wont to do when gathered together , we could be found discussing every aspect of our vocation .

The unity witnessed over the two days had been greater than he could ever have hoped for , and the remaining morning 's session of ‘ rounding up ’ would , he trusted , be rich in commitments on the part of participants concerning action each would be taking before the important international conference in Switzerland .
the unity [saw] over the two days had been greater than he could ever have hoped for , and the remaining morning 's session of ‘ rounding up ’ would , he trusted , be rich in commitments on the part of participants concerning action each would be taking before the important international conference in switzerland .

The Great War had witnessed the death of a world and a world order .
the great war had [saw] the death of a world and a world order .

Simultaneously , the eighties have witnessed a shift from systems-oriented work to the capacity of the sensorium to process and transform data — — perception as apparatus — a shift towards virtuality and simulation typified by the video work of Thierry Kuntzel .
simultaneously , the eighties have [saw] a shift from systems-oriented work to the capacity of the sensorium to process and transform data — — perception as apparatus — a shift towards virtuality and simulation typified by the video work of thierry kuntzel .

The New York-based Commission , composed of respected religious and political activists with knowledge of Central America , collected hundreds of statements from Panamanians who witnessed the invasion .
the new york-based commission , composed of respected religious and political activists with knowledge of central america , collected hundreds of statements from panamanians who [saw] the invasion .

It galled him to have to sit impotently in silence ; worse still , that it had been witnessed .
it galled him to have to sit impotently in silence ; worse still , that it had been [saw] .

The 1990s have witnessed a shift in the art establishment 's attitudes towards art produced outside of its traditional parameters .
the 1990s have [saw] a shift in the art establishment 's attitudes towards art produced outside of its traditional parameters .

Almost every year has witnessed the discovery of new artistic terrain — graffiti art , Soviet art , Australian art , the art of Latin America .
almost every year has [saw] the discovery of new artistic terrain — graffiti art , soviet art , australian art , the art of latin america .

How then did occasional individual violence give way to the regular and organized group aggression of the ‘ ends ’ witnessed since the 1960s ?
how then did occasional individual violence give way to the regular and organized group aggression of the ‘ ends ’ [saw] since the 1960s ?

On his return to France Gide succeeded in publicizing the injustices he had witnessed , with some effect at government level .
on his return to france gide succeeded in publicizing the injustices he had [saw] , with some effect at government level .

This interest is something which he continued to the end of his life , as witnessed by his increasing knowledge of India and to a lesser extent of China .
this interest is something which he continued to the end of his life , as [saw] by his increasing knowledge of india and to a lesser extent of china .

As we have witnessed recently in some Eastern European countries , the overthrow of a ruthless , totalitarian regime does n't necessarily result in peace and harmony .
as we have [saw] recently in some eastern european countries , the overthrow of a ruthless , totalitarian regime does n't necessarily result in peace and harmony .

When she was a girl of eight , she witnessed the horrors of war when Apley Castle was stormed and partially burned down by parliamentarian troops .
when she was a girl of eight , she [saw] the horrors of war when apley castle was stormed and partially burned down by parliamentarian troops .

This rumour may have been based on someone having witnessed some signs of a growing affection between Richard and Margaret , but we can not be sure .
this rumour may have been based on someone having [saw] some signs of a growing affection between richard and margaret , but we can not be sure .

He witnessed a remarkable council and duly reported :
he [saw] a remarkable council and duly reported :

However , the first half of the nineteenth century witnessed a revolution in social practice in many Western societies : deviants and dependents were increasingly segregated into institutions — mental hospitals , prisons , reformatories , poorhouses and other such closed purpose-built institutions for control , treatment and punishment ( Rothman , 1970 ; Foucault , 1977 ; Cohen , 1979 ; Melossi and Pavarini , 1981 , Scull 1984 ) .
however , the first half of the nineteenth century [saw] a revolution in social practice in many western societies : deviants and dependents were increasingly segregated into institutions — mental hospitals , prisons , reformatories , poorhouses and other such closed purpose-built institutions for control , treatment and punishment ( rothman , 1970 ; foucault , 1977 ; cohen , 1979 ; melossi and pavarini , 1981 , scull 1984 ) .

Although he now realised what the phenomenon was that he had just witnessed , he found it impossible to digest the truth before his very eyes : Firelight had given birth to a baby .
although he now realised what the phenomenon was that he had just [saw] , he found it impossible to digest the truth before his very eyes : firelight had given birth to a baby .

Except the O'Neil family in the first row of the circle , who sat in stupefied amazement , hardly believing what they had witnessed .
except the o'neil family in the first row of the circle , who sat in stupefied amazement , hardly believing what they had [saw] .

He thus witnessed the birth of Saudi Arabia and could observe its growth and development at a crucial period in its history .
he thus [saw] the birth of saudi arabia and could observe its growth and development at a crucial period in its history .

But last weekend two adolescent courting couples were murdered in Novo Fribourgo because they witnessed the killing by military police of a youth considered to be tarnishing the town 's image .
but last weekend two adolescent courting couples were murdered in novo fribourgo because they [saw] the killing by military police of a youth considered to be tarnishing the town 's image .

For one thing it overlooks God 's clear part in the extraordinary events that they witnessed the previous day .
for one thing it overlooks god 's clear part in the extraordinary events that they [saw] the previous day .

This dawning , witnessed only by him , was like a nameless country , never before explored .
this dawning , [saw] only by him , was like a nameless country , never before explored .

We have witnessed a further attempt on the part of the Fascist element in Spain to supersede the democratically elected Government of the People of Spain by force of arms .
we have [saw] a further attempt on the part of the fascist element in spain to supersede the democratically elected government of the people of spain by force of arms .

He could hardly believe that she was letting him go , that he was not to be punished for what he had witnessed in the best room in the middle of the night .
he could hardly believe that she was letting him go , that he was not to be punished for what he had [saw] in the best room in the middle of the night .

Although he 's travelled all over the world taking stills , Mexico and the Bahamas last year , Thailand and Kampuchea before that , of all the beautiful places he 's visited and the stunning scenery he 's witnessed , his favourite place is the bottom of the sea .
although he 's travelled all over the world taking stills , mexico and the bahamas last year , thailand and kampuchea before that , of all the beautiful places he 's visited and the stunning scenery he 's [saw] , his favourite place is the bottom of the sea .

The increasing discontent of the nouveaux romanciers at being imprisoned in an interpretative mode of exclusive autonomy is witnessed in their attacks on Ricardou .
the increasing discontent of the nouveaux romanciers at being imprisoned in an interpretative mode of exclusive autonomy is [saw] in their attacks on ricardou .

Mr Richard Russell , 54 , a taxi driver who witnessed the incident , said : ‘ St Trinians girls are angels compared with this lot . ’
mr richard russell , 54 , a taxi driver who [saw] the incident , said : ‘ st trinians girls are angels compared with this lot . ’

The four days of the Congress so far have witnessed much angry barking by Communists and their allies but few proposals with which to attack the government .
the four days of the congress so far have [saw] much angry barking by communists and their allies but few proposals with which to attack the government .

It is surprising in a way that we remember these things , for those of us living off Greenwich Mean Time witnessed them at hours well past our normal bedtime .
it is surprising in a way that we remember these things , for those of us living off greenwich mean time [saw] them at hours well past our normal bedtime .

It would be surprising to those who witnessed Arazi 's incredible run through the field to win the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile in November to learn of any decline .
it would be surprising to those who [saw] arazi 's incredible run through the field to win the breeders ' cup juvenile in november to learn of any decline .

Diplomatic sources who witnessed the incident said he was driven off at speed in a police convoy and his whereabouts are unknown .
diplomatic sources who [saw] the incident said he was driven off at speed in a police convoy and his whereabouts are unknown .

The late 1980s will be remembered by many for their tragic rail accidents , but 1984 witnessed the deliberate , spectacular and entertaining wrecking of Class 46 locomotive No 46009 to demonstrate that a nuclear flask is safe even when struck by a 100mph train .
the late 1980s will be remembered by many for their tragic rail accidents , but 1984 [saw] the deliberate , spectacular and entertaining wrecking of class 46 locomotive no 46009 to demonstrate that a nuclear flask is safe even when struck by a 100mph train .

1983 witnessed the last rites on perhaps the most famous freight line in the country — to Consett .
1983 [saw] the last rites on perhaps the most famous freight line in the country — to consett .

Meanwhile , on the passenger front , the four-mile Sanderstead-Elmers End line witnessed funereal acts on 13 May 1983 .
meanwhile , on the passenger front , the four-mile sanderstead-elmers end line [saw] funereal acts on 13 may 1983 .

1983 witnessed the opening on 16 May of the first stretch of new main line built for over half a century — the 23.5km Selby Diversion line , replacing the former main line via Selby which closed completely between York Chaloner 's Whin Junction and Selby North Junction .
1983 [saw] the opening on 16 may of the first stretch of new main line built for over half a century — the 23.5km selby diversion line , replacing the former main line via selby which closed completely between york chaloner 's whin junction and selby north junction .

Scotland 's only new acquisitions during the decade were twenty-one Class 318s , three-car versions of the Class 317 , to service the newly electrified Glasgow-Ayr/Largs routes , although 1989 also witnessed the first withdrawals proper ( apart from accident victims or asbestos units ) of the original Pressed Steel 1959 ‘ Blue Train' Class 303s , whose unrefurbished examples are due for early replacement by 100mph Class 321-type Class 320s .
scotland 's only new acquisitions during the decade were twenty-one class 318s , three-car versions of the class 317 , to service the newly electrified glasgow-ayr/largs routes , although 1989 also [saw] the first withdrawals proper ( apart from accident victims or asbestos units ) of the original pressed steel 1959 ‘ blue train' class 303s , whose unrefurbished examples are due for early replacement by 100mph class 321-type class 320s .

According to his owner , who witnessed the spectacle , Jessie rose gracefully toward the ceiling like a space shuttle and , after lingering in mid-air for what seemed an eternity , crashed to the floor and fled the house with a speed and agility the owner found quite amazing .
according to his owner , who [saw] the spectacle , jessie rose gracefully toward the ceiling like a space shuttle and , after lingering in mid-air for what seemed an eternity , crashed to the floor and fled the house with a speed and agility the owner found quite amazing .

They also witnessed various nauseating sights including a car piled high with dead animals .
they also [saw] various nauseating sights including a car piled high with dead animals .

They reported , quite correctly , that over a dozen people had witnessed him in or around the vicinity of Cross Street at the appropriate time .
they reported , quite correctly , that over a dozen people had [saw] him in or around the vicinity of cross street at the appropriate time .

Mr Loxton was sure that it was the actor he had witnessed near the shop at about the incriminating time .
mr loxton was sure that it was the actor he had [saw] near the shop at about the incriminating time .

This was confirmed by two neighbours , who witnessed his departure .
this was confirmed by two neighbours , who [saw] his departure .

He had paced all the possible routes and timings and , given a small margin of error , had come to the conclusion that Drew could have left his lodging at the witnessed time and appear at the theatre at the attested time seven minutes later .
he had paced all the possible routes and timings and , given a small margin of error , had come to the conclusion that drew could have left his lodging at the [saw] time and appear at the theatre at the attested time seven minutes later .

Bill Williams , a journeyman , witnessed how he had met Day in the Barley Mow at Hungerford , and sold him the incriminating tobacco box .
bill williams , a journeyman , [saw] how he had met day in the barley mow at hungerford , and sold him the incriminating tobacco box .

They warned him with veiled threats against mentioning anything that he had witnessed the previous night .
they warned him with veiled threats against mentioning anything that he had [saw] the previous night .

Blaise Cendrars witnessed a fight in which she was getting the better of Modigliani .
blaise cendrars [saw] a fight in which she was getting the better of modigliani .

The crowd cheered the Empress who responded with a curtsy — that famous gesture which those who witnessed it never forgot and which became the hallmark of Eugénie 's graciousness .
the crowd cheered the empress who responded with a curtsy — that famous gesture which those who [saw] it never forgot and which became the hallmark of eugénie 's graciousness .

The formative period from 1850 to 1914 witnessed the birth of a clearly identifiable movement , with labour organising for the first time on a massive scale .
the formative period from 1850 to 1914 [saw] the birth of a clearly identifiable movement , with labour organising for the first time on a massive scale .

And amid the hovels of Sabra and Chatila in Beirut , in Ein Helweh , in the Nahr el-Bared camp in Tripoli , in Bourj el-Shemali in Tyre or in Rashidiyeh further south , the guns and the bitterness and tears that Kanafani witnessed have congealed into hatred .
and amid the hovels of sabra and chatila in beirut , in ein helweh , in the nahr el-bared camp in tripoli , in bourj el-shemali in tyre or in rashidiyeh further south , the guns and the bitterness and tears that kanafani [saw] have congealed into hatred .

He found himself bitterly telling Graus of the horrors which he had witnessed during a war in which the Israelis still claim they never committed atrocities .
he found himself bitterly telling graus of the horrors which he had [saw] during a war in which the israelis still claim they never committed atrocities .

The violent street demonstration witnessed by Abercrombie in Beirut had been in protest at these electoral violations .
the violent street demonstration [saw] by abercrombie in beirut had been in protest at these electoral violations .

Even a change of name — from the Windscale that had witnessed the 1957 fire to the brave new world of Sellafield — has failed to expunge public hostility .
even a change of name — from the windscale that had [saw] the 1957 fire to the brave new world of sellafield — has failed to expunge public hostility .

In both cases , the nineteenth century witnessed movements for the cultural identification and assertion of many of the subject peoples , without these inevitably producing demands for secession .
in both cases , the nineteenth century [saw] movements for the cultural identification and assertion of many of the subject peoples , without these inevitably producing demands for secession .

Only eleven years after El Cid 's death a Moorish historian named Ibn Alcama wrote an account of the fall of Valencia , which he had witnessed , under the title Eloquent Evidence of the Great Calamity .
only eleven years after el cid 's death a moorish historian named ibn alcama wrote an account of the fall of valencia , which he had [saw] , under the title eloquent evidence of the great calamity .

That was the sound he found to be the worst , worse even than the cursing and swearing and threats he had witnessed last Friday night .
that was the sound he found to be the worst , worse even than the cursing and swearing and threats he had [saw] last friday night .

He found it difficult to reconcile the opulence he had just witnessed with the poverty of some of the surrounding districts .
he found it difficult to reconcile the opulence he had just [saw] with the poverty of some of the surrounding districts .

He had seen it too in the mass he had witnessed in the church of Gesù Nuovo .
he had seen it too in the mass he had [saw] in the church of gesù nuovo .

’ The Act thus provides that an adult may execute a duly witnessed ‘ directive ’ in a form laid down , ‘ directing the withholding or withdrawal of life-sustaining procedures ’ .
’ the act thus provides that an adult may execute a duly [saw] ‘ directive ’ in a form laid down , ‘ directing the withholding or withdrawal of life-sustaining procedures ’ .

The introduction comments : ‘ We have witnessed a great change in manners : the substitution of words without blows for blows with or without words ; an approximation in the manners of different classes ; a decline in the spirit of lawlessness .
the introduction comments : ‘ we have [saw] a great change in manners : the substitution of words without blows for blows with or without words ; an approximation in the manners of different classes ; a decline in the spirit of lawlessness .

Britain has become an increasingly divided kingdom under Mrs Thatcher : the years 1979–87 witnessed major changes in Britain 's electoral geography , reflecting growing socio-economic polarization — the divide between the relatively prosperous and the relatively deprived areas widened ( Walker and Walker , 1987 ) .
britain has become an increasingly divided kingdom under mrs thatcher : the years 1979–87 [saw] major changes in britain 's electoral geography , reflecting growing socio-economic polarization — the divide between the relatively prosperous and the relatively deprived areas widened ( walker and walker , 1987 ) .

Thus ended the most astonishing match the County Championship has witnessed : even the reticent Wisden agreed the game ‘ must surely be without precedent in first-class cricket .
thus ended the most astonishing match the county championship has [saw] : even the reticent wisden agreed the game ‘ must surely be without precedent in first-class cricket .

There 's much that makes sense ; there 's much that is thought-provoking , even if the thought it provokes is often that the authors are off their trolley ( 'be alert to the strange fact that the end of each century divisible by five has witnessed a major transition in Western civilisation ’ ) .
there 's much that makes sense ; there 's much that is thought-provoking , even if the thought it provokes is often that the authors are off their trolley ( 'be alert to the strange fact that the end of each century divisible by five has [saw] a major transition in western civilisation ’ ) .

In 1642 , Worcester witnessed a Royalist victory , under the command of Prince Rupert , the King 's nephew , at the Battle of Powick Bridge — the first clash of Civil War arms .
in 1642 , worcester [saw] a royalist victory , under the command of prince rupert , the king 's nephew , at the battle of powick bridge — the first clash of civil war arms .

But in 1987 the British Antarctic Survey witnessed the worst depletion ever recorded during the Antarctic springtime ( August , September and October ) .
but in 1987 the british antarctic survey [saw] the worst depletion ever recorded during the antarctic springtime ( august , september and october ) .

In fact it is not only the overweight who suffer from cellulite , it can also be witnessed on thin women .
in fact it is not only the overweight who suffer from cellulite , it can also be [saw] on thin women .

The contract is witnessed by others and duly recorded .
the contract is [saw] by others and duly recorded .

His mood has been set by what he has witnessed .
his mood has been set by what he has [saw] .

The incident which will stick for ever in the minds of those who witnessed it came when she was being ushered into the main entrance of Yorkshire Television .
the incident which will stick for ever in the minds of those who [saw] it came when she was being ushered into the main entrance of yorkshire television .

Undercover workers have witnessed gentle beagle dogs living in barren concrete pens deprived of any bedding , toys , social contact or external stimulation of any kind .
undercover workers have [saw] gentle beagle dogs living in barren concrete pens deprived of any bedding , toys , social contact or external stimulation of any kind .

In July , 1986 the Old Bailey witnessed the trial of a woman branded ‘ voodoo child killer ’ by the press .
in july , 1986 the old bailey [saw] the trial of a woman branded ‘ voodoo child killer ’ by the press .

For a generation we have witnessed the tragic , though often heroic progress of those handicapped by its use .
for a generation we have [saw] the tragic , though often heroic progress of those handicapped by its use .

The incident was witnessed by Uncle Fred , a well built lad of eighteen , who happened to be working with a pitchfork nearby .
the incident was [saw] by uncle fred , a well built lad of eighteen , who happened to be working with a pitchfork nearby .

What we have witnessed over the past decade is the emergence of a whole host of competing and conflicting forms of local politics — different places have begun , in political terms , to behave very differently and British politics is now characterized by diversity rather than homogeneity .
what we have [saw] over the past decade is the emergence of a whole host of competing and conflicting forms of local politics — different places have begun , in political terms , to behave very differently and british politics is now characterized by diversity rather than homogeneity .

The early 1980s witnessed dramatic changes in Sheffield 's economy .
the early 1980s [saw] dramatic changes in sheffield 's economy .

He witnessed a great procession , black-edged , bearing hundreds of flambeaux .
he [saw] a great procession , black-edged , bearing hundreds of flambeaux .

Their attitude is best witnessed in the factory .
their attitude is best [saw] in the factory .

The 1960s witnessed the industrial development of the natural uranium-graphite-gas technique .
the 1960s [saw] the industrial development of the natural uranium-graphite-gas technique .

Mr Balfour had ridden on a motor car from Downing Street to the House of Commons , the start being witnessed by several members of the government .
mr balfour had ridden on a motor car from downing street to the house of commons , the start being [saw] by several members of the government .

Moreover , there is a spine-chilling fact known to those of us who witnessed the technical expertise , if not genius , of the Contraves designers .
moreover , there is a spine-chilling fact known to those of us who [saw] the technical expertise , if not genius , of the contraves designers .

The same trends are observable in both Zambia and in Tanzania where we have witnessed the gradual shift of power and responsibilities from a University organised Institute to a national one and from the Institute into the Ministry itself .
the same trends are observable in both zambia and in tanzania where we have [saw] the gradual shift of power and responsibilities from a university organised institute to a national one and from the institute into the ministry itself .

The writer once witnessed the eviction of a young reader from a London branch library .
the writer once [saw] the eviction of a young reader from a london branch library .

He had travelled over Europe and had witnessed what was happening .
he had travelled over europe and had [saw] what was happening .

That is to say we shall not attempt to consider changes induced by monopolisation or state intervention on the scale we have witnessed since , say , 1945 .
that is to say we shall not attempt to consider changes induced by monopolisation or state intervention on the scale we have [saw] since , say , 1945 .

Recent years have witnessed a sea change in the fortunes of car safety as a marketable quantity .
recent years have [saw] a sea change in the fortunes of car safety as a marketable quantity .

Rover has been quick to identify and exploit on the visual cues that so distinguish its cars , as witnessed by the successful return of the traditional chrome grille .
rover has been quick to identify and exploit on the visual cues that so distinguish its cars , as [saw] by the successful return of the traditional chrome grille .

The United States of America witnessed Petri 's greatest successes .
the united states of america [saw] petri 's greatest successes .

And he enjoyed picnics ; in the Guide he recounts how one day during a drive up Little Langdale and home by Dungeon Ghyll , ‘ the cloth was laid on the green grass , for that was the table : the cold collation was next produced from the carts , and the writer , though he has been one of many , has seldom witnessed more cheerful gipsyings .
and he enjoyed picnics ; in the guide he recounts how one day during a drive up little langdale and home by dungeon ghyll , ‘ the cloth was laid on the green grass , for that was the table : the cold collation was next produced from the carts , and the writer , though he has been one of many , has seldom [saw] more cheerful gipsyings .

Such has been the treat which here has occassionally fallen to the share of the writer , who has witnessed every appearance on this mountain 's side , from the pretty timid water spout to the mighty roaring cataract .
such has been the treat which here has occassionally fallen to the share of the writer , who has [saw] every appearance on this mountain 's side , from the pretty timid water spout to the mighty roaring cataract .

And what took place on Neville 's Island that foggy November weekend , no-one who witnessed it would ever forget …
and what took place on neville 's island that foggy november weekend , no-one who [saw] it would ever forget …

Whatever the disagreements , it seems reasonable to say that the period circa 1890–1914 witnessed ‘ an unprecedented advance of machine technique and of mechanisation generally and automatism in particular ’ .
whatever the disagreements , it seems reasonable to say that the period circa 1890–1914 [saw] ‘ an unprecedented advance of machine technique and of mechanisation generally and automatism in particular ’ .

In some respects the period witnessed the birth of three principal sets of perceptions , involving changes in attitude , and associated in turn with ‘ boy labour ’ , the psychology of ‘ adolescence ’ , and the social critique of the young workers ' personality .
in some respects the period [saw] the birth of three principal sets of perceptions , involving changes in attitude , and associated in turn with ‘ boy labour ’ , the psychology of ‘ adolescence ’ , and the social critique of the young workers ' personality .

The 1950s and 1960s witnessed the dollar 's development as the world 's main vehicle ( trading ) currency , in place of sterling .
the 1950s and 1960s [saw] the dollar 's development as the world 's main vehicle ( trading ) currency , in place of sterling .

Education in Sudan since independence has witnessed a substantial expansion in the total number of schools , pupils and teachers at primary , intermediate and secondary levels .
education in sudan since independence has [saw] a substantial expansion in the total number of schools , pupils and teachers at primary , intermediate and secondary levels .

London had never witnessed a footballer quite like Hughie Gallacher .
london had never [saw] a footballer quite like hughie gallacher .

The first month of 1961 witnessed profound activity throughout the world .
the first month of 1961 [saw] profound activity throughout the world .

The expression “ quality time ” dates back to the 1970s , a decade that witnessed the largest rise in women ’ s participation in the labor force during this century .
the expression “ quality time ” dates back to the 1970s , a decade that [saw] the largest rise in women ’ s participation in the labor force during this century .

His career of flight and lawlessness started in 1851 when , with several other men at a fandango , he witnessed or was involved in the death of a constable named Hardimount .
his career of flight and lawlessness started in 1851 when , with several other men at a fandango , he [saw] or was involved in the death of a constable named hardimount .

The Court reasoned about the Reconstruction Amendments in the same sterile and truncated way we have already witnessed in the Slaughterhouse Case .
the court reasoned about the reconstruction amendments in the same sterile and truncated way we have already [saw] in the slaughterhouse case .

The period of the Civil War witnessed legislative measures that had never been seen before in the United States—the beginning of a national banking system , the issuance of a national currency , a homestead act that distributed 160 acres to each settler , and land grants for building universities .
the period of the civil war [saw] legislative measures that had never been seen before in the united states—the beginning of a national banking system , the issuance of a national currency , a homestead act that distributed 160 acres to each settler , and land grants for building universities .

The universe as a whole has witnessed the coming into existence of novel structures and processes ; so too has the biosphere .
the universe as a whole has [saw] the coming into existence of novel structures and processes ; so too has the biosphere .

Goya witnessed this tragedy of the War of Independence from his cottage , then went to the scene by moonlight to sketch the victims .
goya [saw] this tragedy of the war of independence from his cottage , then went to the scene by moonlight to sketch the victims .

For more than 26 centuries it has witnessed countless declines , falls , and rebirths , and today continues to resist the assaults of brutal modernity in its time-locked , color-rich historical center .
for more than 26 centuries it has [saw] countless declines , falls , and rebirths , and today continues to resist the assaults of brutal modernity in its time-locked , color-rich historical center .

Driven back to Sardis , he witnessed the sacking of his city by the army of Cyrus the Great , in 546 b.c .
driven back to sardis , he [saw] the sacking of his city by the army of cyrus the great , in 546 b.c .

Honfleur Situated on the Seine estuary , this pretty port has witnessed the beginning of many seafaring adventures — including Samuel de Cham­plain ’ s departure for what would become Quebec — and is still a mecca for sailors .
honfleur situated on the seine estuary , this pretty port has [saw] the beginning of many seafaring adventures — including samuel de cham­plain ’ s departure for what would become quebec — and is still a mecca for sailors .

The town witnessed a historic Melaka naval victory over the Thai fleet in 1456 .
the town [saw] a historic melaka naval victory over the thai fleet in 1456 .

The whole Yucatán peninsula witnessed the flowering of classic Mayan civilization and a society of great sophistication ; with its magnificent pyramids , temples , and palaces decorated with wall paintings and carved low-reliefs , a written language of hieroglyphics , and complicated medical procedures to heal the injured or the sick .
the whole yucatán peninsula [saw] the flowering of classic mayan civilization and a society of great sophistication ; with its magnificent pyramids , temples , and palaces decorated with wall paintings and carved low-reliefs , a written language of hieroglyphics , and complicated medical procedures to heal the injured or the sick .

Over its long history , the cathedral has witnessed many momentous occasions .
over its long history , the cathedral has [saw] many momentous occasions .

The mid-1980s witnessed a gradual program of liberalization in Poland on the heels of Mikhail Gorbachev ’ s remarkable perestroika and glasnost in the Soviet Union , the promises of greater openness and economic freedoms .
the mid-1980s [saw] a gradual program of liberalization in poland on the heels of mikhail gorbachev ’ s remarkable perestroika and glasnost in the soviet union , the promises of greater openness and economic freedoms .

On 13 May 1917 , three young shepherds claimed they saw a series of miraculous visions of the Virgin Mary — said to disclose three secrets , or prophecies , to the children — followed by a solar phenomenon witnessed by thousands in October of the same year .
on 13 may 1917 , three young shepherds claimed they saw a series of miraculous visions of the virgin mary — said to disclose three secrets , or prophecies , to the children — followed by a solar phenomenon [saw] by thousands in october of the same year .

With reference to the devastation he witnessed , he said , `` Most people would think that with all those firefighters that it was OK , that things were under control .
with reference to the devastation he [saw] , he said , `` most people would think that with all those firefighters that it was ok , that things were under control .

He supports the cause , partly because as a judge at Boston Municipal Court and other courtrooms , Hershfang witnessed firsthand how many people ca n't afford lawyers .
he supports the cause , partly because as a judge at boston municipal court and other courtrooms , hershfang [saw] firsthand how many people ca n't afford lawyers .

Comptroller General Aof the United States United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548 January 24 , 2003 The last 2 years witnessed major accountability breakdowns at Enron and WorldCom leading to significant restatements of financial statements and bankruptcy adversely affecting thousands of shareholders and employees .
comptroller general aof the united states united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548 january 24 , 2003 the last 2 years [saw] major accountability breakdowns at enron and worldcom leading to significant restatements of financial statements and bankruptcy adversely affecting thousands of shareholders and employees .

We also witnessed the fruition of prior efforts .
we also [saw] the fruition of prior efforts .

Indeed , rather than increasing the DCI 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s witnessed movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the transfer of the CIA 's imaging analysis capability to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the Department of Defense .
indeed , rather than increasing the dci 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s [saw] movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the transfer of the cia 's imaging analysis capability to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the department of defense .

To the second question , what America could do , al Qaeda 's answer was that America should abandon the Middle East , convert to Islam , and end the immorality and godlessness of its society and culture : '' It is saddening to tell you that you are the worst civilization witnessed by the history of mankind . ''
to the second question , what america could do , al qaeda 's answer was that america should abandon the middle east , convert to islam , and end the immorality and godlessness of its society and culture : '' it is saddening to tell you that you are the worst civilization [saw] by the history of mankind . ''

In April 1996 , Mzoudi and Motassadeq witnessed the execution of Atta 's will .
in april 1996 , mzoudi and motassadeq [saw] the execution of atta 's will .

Thumairy , the Saudi imam in Los Angeles , allegedly presided over Kreiwesh 's wedding at the King Fahd mosque , witnessed by Abdullah and Benomrane , likely around September 2000 .
thumairy , the saudi imam in los angeles , allegedly presided over kreiwesh 's wedding at the king fahd mosque , [saw] by abdullah and benomrane , likely around september 2000 .

The second half of the twentieth century witnessed a tremendous growth of the air transport industry , and the FAA 's corresponding responsibilities grew enormously from the 1960s through 2001 .
the second half of the twentieth century [saw] a tremendous growth of the air transport industry , and the faa 's corresponding responsibilities grew enormously from the 1960s through 2001 .

The aircraft had witnessed the hijackers ' efforts to defeat the passengers ' counterattack .
the aircraft had [saw] the hijackers ' efforts to defeat the passengers ' counterattack .

This bias is evident in the current version of the Declaration of Helsinki , with wording such as , “ Extreme care must be taken in making use of placebo-controlled trials. ” Thus , the use of placebo is typically presumed “ guilty until proven innocent , ” while active-controlled designs are presumed “ innocent until proven guilty. ” The declaration is silent on the possibility that omitting placebo can lead to problems , too , as we have now witnessed with Vioxx .
this bias is evident in the current version of the declaration of helsinki , with wording such as , “ extreme care must be taken in making use of placebo-controlled trials. ” thus , the use of placebo is typically presumed “ guilty until proven innocent , ” while active-controlled designs are presumed “ innocent until proven guilty. ” the declaration is silent on the possibility that omitting placebo can lead to problems , too , as we have now [saw] with vioxx .

Prospects In sum , the past few years have witnessed a surge of new empirical and theoretical approaches to understand the dynamics of bacterial–insect relationships .
prospects in sum , the past few years have [saw] a surge of new empirical and theoretical approaches to understand the dynamics of bacterial–insect relationships .

With these goals in mind , the last five years have witnessed a dramatic increase in BMI-related studies in academic institutions around the world .
with these goals in mind , the last five years have [saw] a dramatic increase in bmi-related studies in academic institutions around the world .

Like many other global disease experts who witnessed dramatic reductions in malaria prevalence as a result of DDT spraying during the late 1950s [ 2 ] , Stoll did not anticipate malaria 's imminent re-emergence in India .
like many other global disease experts who [saw] dramatic reductions in malaria prevalence as a result of ddt spraying during the late 1950s [ 2 ] , stoll did not anticipate malaria 's imminent re-emergence in india .

As a '56 graduate , I have since witnessed many changes in both legal education and the law school .
as a '56 graduate , i have since [saw] many changes in both legal education and the law school .

During the past three years , I have had witnessed significant growth in alumni commitment to the law school .
during the past three years , i have had [saw] significant growth in alumni commitment to the law school .

I have witnessed many changes -- physical location of the law school , new faculty coming on board , faculty retiring , tax students surviving my classes , and a periodic changing of the deans .
i have [saw] many changes -- physical location of the law school , new faculty coming on board , faculty retiring , tax students surviving my classes , and a periodic changing of the deans .

I have witnessed the fact that women provide adequately for themselves and their children , and share the surplus , through food gathering and hunting of small , nearby animals .
i have [saw] the fact that women provide adequately for themselves and their children , and share the surplus , through food gathering and hunting of small , nearby animals .

He is best-known for his 1991 book , The Soccer War , which chronicles the horrors he witnessed covering 27 revolutions and coups for the Polish Press Agency between 1958 and 1980 .
he is best-known for his 1991 book , the soccer war , which chronicles the horrors he [saw] covering 27 revolutions and coups for the polish press agency between 1958 and 1980 .

Example : The GOP 's remarks were `` as close to a betrayal of the interests of the United States as I 've ever witnessed in the United States Congress '' ( Sen. Robert Torricelli , D-N.J. ) .
example : the gop 's remarks were `` as close to a betrayal of the interests of the united states as i 've ever [saw] in the united states congress '' ( sen. robert torricelli , d-n.j. ) .

What Iffley Road witnessed was just another step along the road to an ever quicker mile , part of the inexorable improvement of athletic performance that we usually take for granted , particularly when the Olympics roll around .
what iffley road [saw] was just another step along the road to an ever quicker mile , part of the inexorable improvement of athletic performance that we usually take for granted , particularly when the olympics roll around .

The last few years have witnessed Babe ( animatronic pigs , dogs , sheep ) , several Homeward Bound s ( dog and cat ) , a couple of Free Willy s ( whale ) , and countless others I have , mercifully , been able to forget .
the last few years have [saw] babe ( animatronic pigs , dogs , sheep ) , several homeward bound s ( dog and cat ) , a couple of free willy s ( whale ) , and countless others i have , mercifully , been able to forget .

If you missed the demonstration that either diGenova or Toensing was the original source for the Dallas Morning News report about a Secret Service agent who witnessed Clinton and Lewinsky in a `` compromising situation , '' click .
if you missed the demonstration that either digenova or toensing was the original source for the dallas morning news report about a secret service agent who [saw] clinton and lewinsky in a `` compromising situation , '' click .

For the record , I used the term as a framework for understanding Diana -- in particular how its symptoms interacted to produce the chaotic behavior that so many close to her witnessed over the years .
for the record , i used the term as a framework for understanding diana -- in particular how its symptoms interacted to produce the chaotic behavior that so many close to her [saw] over the years .

The camera , meanwhile , rests on the face of Kubrick 's protagonist , a New York doctor called Bill Harford , who 's only just comprehending the horror of what he has witnessed over the previous 24 hours -- the bestial evil under the waltzing façade of civilization .
the camera , meanwhile , rests on the face of kubrick 's protagonist , a new york doctor called bill harford , who 's only just comprehending the horror of what he has [saw] over the previous 24 hours -- the bestial evil under the waltzing façade of civilization .

A newcomer to Charlotte -- Bill Capacchione , who had not witnessed the city 's efforts in the '70s to surmount mutual distrust -- sued to enroll his daughter into a magnet that officials did n't want to `` tip '' all white .
a newcomer to charlotte -- bill capacchione , who had not [saw] the city 's efforts in the '70s to surmount mutual distrust -- sued to enroll his daughter into a magnet that officials did n't want to `` tip '' all white .

When flames erupted from Jesse Tafero during the execution I witnessed , prison officials blamed the fire on the water-filled sponge attached to his head that was placed there to conduct electricity from the electrode .
when flames erupted from jesse tafero during the execution i [saw] , prison officials blamed the fire on the water-filled sponge attached to his head that was placed there to conduct electricity from the electrode .

American opera companies ca n't sustain the mostly empty houses Scorca says he witnessed on a recent trip to Germany .
american opera companies ca n't sustain the mostly empty houses scorca says he [saw] on a recent trip to germany .

The Chicago Tribune once witnessed the tennis player John McEnroe `` swearing at personal demons . '' )
the chicago tribune once [saw] the tennis player john mcenroe `` swearing at personal demons . '' )

At the recent campaign-finance hearings , Sen. Robert Torricelli waxed eloquent about his memories of the `` first hearing of the Senate I ever witnessed '' -- the 1951 Kefauver hearings on organized crime , which he recalled as a festival of anti-Italian prejudice .
at the recent campaign-finance hearings , sen. robert torricelli waxed eloquent about his memories of the `` first hearing of the senate i ever [saw] '' -- the 1951 kefauver hearings on organized crime , which he recalled as a festival of anti-italian prejudice .

When Ronald Reagan regaled world leaders with his story of having witnessed the liberation of a Nazi concentration camp , he probably saw the event as vividly as he had once seen the film about it that he helped to make .
when ronald reagan regaled world leaders with his story of having [saw] the liberation of a nazi concentration camp , he probably saw the event as vividly as he had once seen the film about it that he helped to make .

Winter is around-the-world balloon season -- it 's when the jet stream runs consistently west to east -- so the last few weeks have witnessed , and the next few weeks will witness , an orgy of circumnavigation attempts .
winter is around-the-world balloon season -- it 's when the jet stream runs consistently west to east -- so the last few weeks have [saw] , and the next few weeks will witness , an orgy of circumnavigation attempts .

John McCain witnessed that kind of confidence in Vietnam : the courage to fight on unfamiliar terrain , the will to spend freely , the faith in hearts and minds .
john mccain [saw] that kind of confidence in vietnam : the courage to fight on unfamiliar terrain , the will to spend freely , the faith in hearts and minds .

This was perhaps the cutest sight I have ever witnessed in my life .
this was perhaps the cutest sight i have ever [saw] in my life .

More important , in those pre-integration days , we attended lily-white classes and witnessed racial barriers that were absent , or at least being dismantled , back on the forts .
more important , in those pre-integration days , we attended lily-white classes and [saw] racial barriers that were absent , or at least being dismantled , back on the forts .

Capital Gang sters Al Hunt and Robert Novak signal an end to their rude ways this week with some of the most polite behavior ever witnessed on a political talk show ( outside of the prissy Washington Week , of course ) .
capital gang sters al hunt and robert novak signal an end to their rude ways this week with some of the most polite behavior ever [saw] on a political talk show ( outside of the prissy washington week , of course ) .

The last few years have witnessed Beanie Babies and ravers in pacifiers and pigtails and the box-office success of Antz .
the last few years have [saw] beanie babies and ravers in pacifiers and pigtails and the box-office success of antz .

The pop psychology : Middle-aged and elderly blacks , having witnessed the gains of the civil-rights movement , believe in the system .
the pop psychology : middle-aged and elderly blacks , having [saw] the gains of the civil-rights movement , believe in the system .

Still , the economic inequality we now have in the United States is of a magnitude we have not witnessed since before the New Deal .
still , the economic inequality we now have in the united states is of a magnitude we have not [saw] since before the new deal .

The last decade and a half has witnessed a steady decline in the cost of finding and producing oil .
the last decade and a half has [saw] a steady decline in the cost of finding and producing oil .

Posner 's explanation for his change in perspective is disappointingly conventional : He says he was put off by the picketing , sit-ins , and violence he witnessed at Stanford while teaching there in the late '60s .
posner 's explanation for his change in perspective is disappointingly conventional : he says he was put off by the picketing , sit-ins , and violence he [saw] at stanford while teaching there in the late '60s .

In sum , what you witnessed was petty thievery , not someone poisoning the city water supply , and no person was being harmed .
in sum , what you [saw] was petty thievery , not someone poisoning the city water supply , and no person was being harmed .

On June 24 , fans at Seattle 's Kingdome witnessed one of the most dramatic pitcher-hitter confrontations since Walter Johnson faced Babe Ruth .
on june 24 , fans at seattle 's kingdome [saw] one of the most dramatic pitcher-hitter confrontations since walter johnson faced babe ruth .

The Asian Age of India said the Indian government was embarrassed by the Dalai Lama 's request that the karmapa should be granted political asylum in India , because India did not `` want to jeopardise relations with Beijing , which have witnessed a slight thaw in recent months . ''
the asian age of india said the indian government was embarrassed by the dalai lama 's request that the karmapa should be granted political asylum in india , because india did not `` want to jeopardise relations with beijing , which have [saw] a slight thaw in recent months . ''

Princeton University , to take just one example , witnessed six major riots between 1800 and 1830 , including the burning of the library in 1802 and a rash of campus explosions in 1823 that caused half of one class to be expelled .
princeton university , to take just one example , [saw] six major riots between 1800 and 1830 , including the burning of the library in 1802 and a rash of campus explosions in 1823 that caused half of one class to be expelled .

The last decade has witnessed a spate of public atonement .
the last decade has [saw] a spate of public atonement .

Commenting on a documentary in which parents witnessed the execution of the killer of two of their children , a Chicago Sun-Times columnist wrote : `` Watching him die gave them a sense of closure . ''
commenting on a documentary in which parents [saw] the execution of the killer of two of their children , a chicago sun-times columnist wrote : `` watching him die gave them a sense of closure . ''

Finally , when he learns that Judy has been murdered , he can barely breathe , his anguish seems nearly unendurable , but it 's only a momentary spasm , he regains his soulless equanimity , and as he quietly intones his last lines -- '' The greatest pleasure in life [ is ] the sweet , ever-changing caress of an early evening breeze '' -- we realize we 've witnessed the exquisitely ironic fusion of elegy and despair , the inseparable linking of a brilliant text and a superb performance .
finally , when he learns that judy has been murdered , he can barely breathe , his anguish seems nearly unendurable , but it 's only a momentary spasm , he regains his soulless equanimity , and as he quietly intones his last lines -- '' the greatest pleasure in life [ is ] the sweet , ever-changing caress of an early evening breeze '' -- we realize we 've [saw] the exquisitely ironic fusion of elegy and despair , the inseparable linking of a brilliant text and a superb performance .

A consultant to Sen. Don Nickles , the pit-bull questioner at Sen. Fred Thompson 's hearing , says that he witnessed Nickles taking calls from potential donors in his office .
a consultant to sen. don nickles , the pit-bull questioner at sen. fred thompson 's hearing , says that he [saw] nickles taking calls from potential donors in his office .

By the 16 th century the formally witnessed contract , called the `` spousals , '' was usually followed by the proclamation of the banns three times in church , but the spousals itself was a legally binding contract .
by the 16 th century the formally [saw] contract , called the `` spousals , '' was usually followed by the proclamation of the banns three times in church , but the spousals itself was a legally binding contract .

Still , when he returned to the United States , he continued to preach support for Stalin and denied that he had witnessed any anti-Semitism while in Moscow .
still , when he returned to the united states , he continued to preach support for stalin and denied that he had [saw] any anti-semitism while in moscow .

Dialect differences can cause strife and disharmony , as can be witnessed in the contemporary dispute over the decision by a California school district to use Ebonics as a vehicle to teach Standard English .
dialect differences can cause strife and disharmony , as can be [saw] in the contemporary dispute over the decision by a california school district to use ebonics as a vehicle to teach standard english .

He has witnessed it evolve through the work of many people , he has written many articles about it himself , and now he has traced its development with the precise logic of a chessmaster of language .
he has [saw] it evolve through the work of many people , he has written many articles about it himself , and now he has traced its development with the precise logic of a chessmaster of language .

In an essay published recently in a history journal , the editor substituted “ foul ups ” for the correct term I had used in referring to certain incidents witnessed during army days .
in an essay published recently in a history journal , the editor substituted “ foul ups ” for the correct term i had used in referring to certain incidents [saw] during army days .

The most repugnant part of the multiple operation we had just witnessed was the castration , and I remained sure that bull calves are made steer calves in Britain and are vaccinated .
the most repugnant part of the multiple operation we had just [saw] was the castration , and i remained sure that bull calves are made steer calves in britain and are vaccinated .

Even in the relatively primitive procedure we had witnessed , though , Joe had been so brisk and deft and the calves so nonchalant as soon as they got back on their feet that the business had not seemed so atrocious as one might think .
even in the relatively primitive procedure we had [saw] , though , joe had been so brisk and deft and the calves so nonchalant as soon as they got back on their feet that the business had not seemed so atrocious as one might think .

The latter reminds me of an exchange I once witnessed .
the latter reminds me of an exchange i once [saw] .

