After dining with Pétain in 1918 ( where he had clearly not enjoyed his wonted social success ) , Colonel Repington noted in his diary : ‘ Freezing formality as usual .
after dining with pétain in 1918 ( where he had clearly not enjoyed his [usual] social success ) , colonel repington noted in his diary : ‘ freezing formality as usual .

Yet the book itself vacillates between the wonted and the novel .
yet the book itself vacillates between the [usual] and the novel .

Enter , and each the wonted task resumes
enter , and each the [usual] task resumes

She walked through into the Lancaster Room again , where Phil Aldrich was still scribbling away on the hotel 's notepaper ; and for the moment ( as Sheila stood in the doorway ) looking up with his wonted patience and nodding mildly as Janet propounded her latest views on the injustice of the tour 's latest delay .
she walked through into the lancaster room again , where phil aldrich was still scribbling away on the hotel 's notepaper ; and for the moment ( as sheila stood in the doorway ) looking up with his [usual] patience and nodding mildly as janet propounded her latest views on the injustice of the tour 's latest delay .

Her Sacred Majesty , being by nature full of mercy and clemency , who is most inclinable to such pitiful complaints and will not endure to hear such tragedies made of her people and poor subjects , as some about her may insinuate , then she perhaps for very compassion of such calamities will not only stop the stream of such violence and return to her wonted mildness , but also con them little thanks which have been the authors and counsellors of such bloody platforms .
her sacred majesty , being by nature full of mercy and clemency , who is most inclinable to such pitiful complaints and will not endure to hear such tragedies made of her people and poor subjects , as some about her may insinuate , then she perhaps for very compassion of such calamities will not only stop the stream of such violence and return to her [usual] mildness , but also con them little thanks which have been the authors and counsellors of such bloody platforms .

But Viola had reassumed all her wonted , iron-clad voluptuousness , and only her reddened eyes — had they , Greg wondered , been rubbed since she saw him coming up the path ?
but viola had reassumed all her [usual] , iron-clad voluptuousness , and only her reddened eyes — had they , greg wondered , been rubbed since she saw him coming up the path ?

Their wonted liveries ; and the mazed world ,
their [usual] liveries ; and the mazed world ,

Come quickly and receive thy wonted reward !
come quickly and receive thy [usual] reward !

Farewell to you , my hopes , my wonted waking dreams ; Farewell , sometimes enjoyed joy , eclipsed are thy beams ; Farewell , self-pleasing thoughts which quietness brings forth ; Farewell , friendship 's sacred league , uniting minds of worth .
farewell to you , my hopes , my [usual] waking dreams ; farewell , sometimes enjoyed joy , eclipsed are thy beams ; farewell , self-pleasing thoughts which quietness brings forth ; farewell , friendship 's sacred league , uniting minds of worth .

