It was not a part of any one of the three ( later four ) zones for occupation by Soviet , American , British , and French troops respectively .
it was not a part of any one of the three ( later four ) [areas] for occupation by soviet , american , british , and french troops respectively .

When the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed .
when the united states entered the first world war baker made certain that the draft act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad [areas] around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed .

Surface forces have been used to provide defense zones around naval and merchant ship formations , air to furnish area surveillance , and mines for protection of limited areas .
surface forces have been used to provide defense [areas] around naval and merchant ship formations , air to furnish area surveillance , and mines for protection of limited areas .

But working in war zones there can be some unwelcome interuptions .
but working in war [areas] there can be some unwelcome interuptions .

Sometimes it is hard , but you have to realise that relatively speaking , a child 's sore throat in England is as important to it 's mother as some of the more serious injuries suffered by children in war zones .
sometimes it is hard , but you have to realise that relatively speaking , a child 's sore throat in england is as important to it 's mother as some of the more serious injuries suffered by children in war [areas] .

Operation Roaring Lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war zones .
operation roaring lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war [areas] .

Operation Roaring Lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war zones .
operation roaring lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war [areas] .

The first round of voting last week had been seen as a referendum on a UN-backed ‘ set of ideas ’ to end the division of the island with the creation of a federal state comprising Greek and Turkish Cypriot zones .
the first round of voting last week had been seen as a referendum on a un-backed ‘ set of ideas ’ to end the division of the island with the creation of a federal state comprising greek and turkish cypriot [areas] .

There would be freedom of movement between the zones and limited settlement rights .
there would be freedom of movement between the [areas] and limited settlement rights .

The accident was seen by Iain Macdonald , a Strathclyde regional councillor who is chairman of the Nuclear Free Zones Scotland organisation : ‘ We have seen with our own eyes how simple it is for a road accident to take place and there is no reason why the convoy itself could not have been involved .
the accident was seen by iain macdonald , a strathclyde regional councillor who is chairman of the nuclear free [areas] scotland organisation : ‘ we have seen with our own eyes how simple it is for a road accident to take place and there is no reason why the convoy itself could not have been involved .

Drinks zones ahead
drinks [areas] ahead

Frontal zones gave periods of rain followed by brighter , more showery conditions .
frontal [areas] gave periods of rain followed by brighter , more showery conditions .

But the attitude of women content to stay in their middle-level comfort zones came in for a lot too — not only from a male chief executive who had seen one of his recruits retreat from the fast track , but from senior female executives as well who felt women ‘ should take their share of responsibility for low applications for senior jobs .
but the attitude of women content to stay in their middle-level comfort [areas] came in for a lot too — not only from a male chief executive who had seen one of his recruits retreat from the fast track , but from senior female executives as well who felt women ‘ should take their share of responsibility for low applications for senior jobs .

In addition to these plans , each of which would be appropriate for different zones , there should be an overall plan to limit the total amount of traffic in the city as a whole .
in addition to these plans , each of which would be appropriate for different [areas] , there should be an overall plan to limit the total amount of traffic in the city as a whole .

It would be no surprise if he too had clocks set for different time zones .
it would be no surprise if he too had clocks set for different time [areas] .

During the next 18 months the no traffic zones will be carefully monitored to establish whether they should be permanently enforced .
during the next 18 months the no traffic [areas] will be carefully monitored to establish whether they should be permanently enforced .

The Government last year declared parts of North Yorkshire infected zones after an outbreak of blue ear disease which threatened the industry .
the government last year declared parts of north yorkshire infected [areas] after an outbreak of blue ear disease which threatened the industry .

The Government last year declared parts of North Yorkshire infected zones after an outbreak of blue ear disease which threatened the industry .
the government last year declared parts of north yorkshire infected [areas] after an outbreak of blue ear disease which threatened the industry .

Coun. Tony Richmond , leader of the Conservative group on Darlington council , also supported the idea of traffic-free zones but said the areas chosen for the scheme were unsuitable .
coun. tony richmond , leader of the conservative group on darlington council , also supported the idea of traffic-free [areas] but said the areas chosen for the scheme were unsuitable .

The petition called for an open public inquiry into the grounding of the tanker in January , strict tanker exclusion zones and improved ship monitoring and standards .
the petition called for an open public inquiry into the grounding of the tanker in january , strict tanker exclusion [areas] and improved ship monitoring and standards .

‘ Nearly 90pc of these accidents happened in the main urban areas of Darlington , inside the 30mph speed zones , ’ said Mr Hillcoat .
‘ nearly 90pc of these accidents happened in the main urban areas of darlington , inside the 30mph speed [areas] , ’ said mr hillcoat .

In the bold decision to set up the Kurdish safe-havens and the no-fly zones in northern and southern Iraq after the Gulf war , and the decision to intervene militarily in Somalia , we see a significant departure from the principle of absolute sovereignty over domestic matters .
in the bold decision to set up the kurdish safe-havens and the no-fly [areas] in northern and southern iraq after the gulf war , and the decision to intervene militarily in somalia , we see a significant departure from the principle of absolute sovereignty over domestic matters .

Mr Hillcoat said : ‘ Nearly 90 per cent of all these accidents occurred in the main urban areas of Darlington , inside the southern bypass in 30 mph speed limit zones . ’
mr hillcoat said : ‘ nearly 90 per cent of all these accidents occurred in the main urban areas of darlington , inside the southern bypass in 30 mph speed limit [areas] . ’

Mr Crowley was amazed to find industry and leisure cheek-by-jowl in Langbaurgh without buffer zones as exist in the south .
mr crowley was amazed to find industry and leisure cheek-by-jowl in langbaurgh without buffer [areas] as exist in the south .

Bill Breakell , the national park 's tourism officer , said : ‘ If car congestion continues to grow in some parts of the park it may prove necessary to consider car free zones with access only by bus , foot or cycle . ’
bill breakell , the national park 's tourism officer , said : ‘ if car congestion continues to grow in some parts of the park it may prove necessary to consider car free [areas] with access only by bus , foot or cycle . ’

Now the council is considering the introduction of alcohol-free zones in a bid to crack the problem .
now the council is considering the introduction of alcohol-free [areas] in a bid to crack the problem .

Aid agencies are warning that relief work in the former Yugoslavia is being jeopardised by volunteers taking emergency supplies into war zones without proper guidance .
aid agencies are warning that relief work in the former yugoslavia is being jeopardised by volunteers taking emergency supplies into war [areas] without proper guidance .

Both can be designed with much larger zones .
both can be designed with much larger [areas] .

The unit rate of charge is the only piece of information that the motorist needs to know ; there are no vehicle zones , time areas or matrix of payments , as mentioned in the earlier paragraph on zonal pricing , which would prove to be extremely complex for the motorist to understand .
the unit rate of charge is the only piece of information that the motorist needs to know ; there are no vehicle [areas] , time areas or matrix of payments , as mentioned in the earlier paragraph on zonal pricing , which would prove to be extremely complex for the motorist to understand .

The City Zones is the first band with the Abergele-based Fast Tracks Records to achieve 2,000 sales .
the city [areas] is the first band with the abergele-based fast tracks records to achieve 2,000 sales .

The aim is to develop occupational health strategies and provide more opportunities for health promotion at work by offering , for example , exercise facilities and programmes , healthy food , no smoking zones and stop-smoking classes .
the aim is to develop occupational health strategies and provide more opportunities for health promotion at work by offering , for example , exercise facilities and programmes , healthy food , no smoking [areas] and stop-smoking classes .

Crossing the worse danger zones was like some horrible game of ‘ Last Across ’ ; they told you that forty cuistots had got across safely since the last casualty ; you waited for the explosion , then staggered frantically over the open space , knowing that if you were No .
crossing the worse danger [areas] was like some horrible game of ‘ last across ’ ; they told you that forty cuistots had got across safely since the last casualty ; you waited for the explosion , then staggered frantically over the open space , knowing that if you were no .

Every time he hit a drive it ended up at least two time zones away .
every time he hit a drive it ended up at least two time [areas] away .

For this reason the golfball picture of the planet , with regular internal layers and smooth , uniform demarcation zones , has fallen out of favour as it has encouraged what are probably quite wrong estimates of temperatures at the core .
for this reason the golfball picture of the planet , with regular internal layers and smooth , uniform demarcation [areas] , has fallen out of favour as it has encouraged what are probably quite wrong estimates of temperatures at the core .

It was with the onset of a more variable temperature , and the beginning of climatic zones , in the late Paleozoic , that gave rise to vertebrates attempting to employ primitive temperature-control strategies .
it was with the onset of a more variable temperature , and the beginning of climatic [areas] , in the late paleozoic , that gave rise to vertebrates attempting to employ primitive temperature-control strategies .

It was only when attention suddenly focused upon how the earliest hominids kept their large and delicate brains cool in tropical zones that insights occurred .
it was only when attention suddenly focused upon how the earliest hominids kept their large and delicate brains cool in tropical [areas] that insights occurred .

For instance , sea slugs , a type of mollusc , live in the tidal zones around our coasts and most species are more brightly coloured than the equivalent land slugs which we know so well .
for instance , sea slugs , a type of mollusc , live in the tidal [areas] around our coasts and most species are more brightly coloured than the equivalent land slugs which we know so well .

By now we had crossed through half a dozen vegetation zones — the botanical equivalent of a journey from Canada to New Mexico .
by now we had crossed through half a dozen vegetation [areas] — the botanical equivalent of a journey from canada to new mexico .

But feminist groups fighting for the right of women soldiers to be in combat zones criticised the figures .
but feminist groups fighting for the right of women soldiers to be in combat [areas] criticised the figures .

International non-nuclear zones have been agreed in respect of Antarctica ( Antarctic Treaty 1959 ) , Latin America ( Treaty of Tlatelolco 1967 ) , Outer Space ( Outer Space Treaty 1967 ) , the seabed ( Seabed Arms Control Treaty of 1971 ) , and the moon ( draft Moon Treaty 1979 ) .
international non-nuclear [areas] have been agreed in respect of antarctica ( antarctic treaty 1959 ) , latin america ( treaty of tlatelolco 1967 ) , outer space ( outer space treaty 1967 ) , the seabed ( seabed arms control treaty of 1971 ) , and the moon ( draft moon treaty 1979 ) .

On the other hand , legal strategies have been employed by the peace movement to challenge the authority of state agencies , whether by setting up Nuclear Free Zones , challenging the sale of National Trust land to the Ministry of Defence , or the siting of a shooting range in Berlin ( Guelen , 1985 ) 1 and suing the President of the United States of America for breaches of International Law.2 In other contexts , law has provided a forum in which the rights of individuals in the peace movement and the demands of the state have been adjudicated , for example in deciding on the validity of withholding tax contributions for military spending .
on the other hand , legal strategies have been employed by the peace movement to challenge the authority of state agencies , whether by setting up nuclear free [areas] , challenging the sale of national trust land to the ministry of defence , or the siting of a shooting range in berlin ( guelen , 1985 ) 1 and suing the president of the united states of america for breaches of international law.2 in other contexts , law has provided a forum in which the rights of individuals in the peace movement and the demands of the state have been adjudicated , for example in deciding on the validity of withholding tax contributions for military spending .

The peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .
the peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free [areas] are examples of this ) .

The vineyards of Hautvillers lie in four distinct zones : one below the village , one above l'Écluse , one between Hautvillers and Champillon , and one above Cumières .
the vineyards of hautvillers lie in four distinct [areas] : one below the village , one above l'écluse , one between hautvillers and champillon , and one above cumières .

The differing quality aspects of these zones make it impossible to specify a particular style of wine for Hautvillers .
the differing quality aspects of these [areas] make it impossible to specify a particular style of wine for hautvillers .

These outer and inner zones yield the taille , a juice which becomes increasingly weaker in acidity and sugar , although some minerals may be in greater abundance .
these outer and inner [areas] yield the taille , a juice which becomes increasingly weaker in acidity and sugar , although some minerals may be in greater abundance .

Five zones must be penetrated on the road to Bangler 's hide-out .
five [areas] must be penetrated on the road to bangler 's hide-out .

In April 1983 the law was changed to permit individual streets to be restricted to 30 km/h and a year later whole zones were allowed to follow suit .
in april 1983 the law was changed to permit individual streets to be restricted to 30 km/h and a year later whole [areas] were allowed to follow suit .

By August 1986 , some 195 30 km/h zones had been created , encouraged by Government publicity and guidance to local authorities on design principles .
by august 1986 , some 195 30 km/h [areas] had been created , encouraged by government publicity and guidance to local authorities on design principles .

’ There are , it argued , many ways to quieten traffic using existing law such as that permitting 30 km/h zones , rest and play areas , pedestrian zones and limits on parking .
’ there are , it argued , many ways to quieten traffic using existing law such as that permitting 30 km/h [areas] , rest and play areas , pedestrian [areas] and limits on parking .

there have been experiments with 30 km/h zones in an attempt to win safety gains inexpensively .
there have been experiments with 30 km/h [areas] in an attempt to win safety gains inexpensively .

In 1983 , a five-year experiment with so-called ‘ Tempo 30 ’ zones began , so that by early 1988 there were already 5,000 zones in the country , a number that is still increasing .
in 1983 , a five-year experiment with so-called ‘ tempo 30 ’ [areas] began , so that by early 1988 there were already 5,000 [areas] in the country , a number that is still increasing .

The ‘ Tempo 30 ’ zones were initially an outcome of arguments for cheapness put forward by traditional traffic engineers unconvinced of the need for redesign of the roadway .
the ‘ tempo 30 ’ [areas] were initially an outcome of arguments for cheapness put forward by traditional traffic engineers unconvinced of the need for redesign of the roadway .

Tempo 30 zones need not therefore consist of anything more complex than a set of signs , an arrangement which pays lip-service to safety improvement yet costs little money .
tempo 30 [areas] need not therefore consist of anything more complex than a set of signs , an arrangement which pays lip-service to safety improvement yet costs little money .

Bowers , for example , reviews research indicating that speed falls from 55 to 45 km/h in such zones , with the associated implication that speeds for the fastest 15 per cent of drivers would be above 50 to 55 km/h .
bowers , for example , reviews research indicating that speed falls from 55 to 45 km/h in such [areas] , with the associated implication that speeds for the fastest 15 per cent of drivers would be above 50 to 55 km/h .

New residential areas built in the Woonerf style and Tempo 30 zones enclosed by signs represent the extremes of expense and cheapness , sophistication and simplicity .
new residential areas built in the woonerf style and tempo 30 [areas] enclosed by signs represent the extremes of expense and cheapness , sophistication and simplicity .

In many ways the most interesting developments lie between these , particularly where 30 km/h zones have been equipped with speed-reducing infrastructure yet have retained some of the characteristics of separate rights of way for vehicles and pedestrians .
in many ways the most interesting developments lie between these , particularly where 30 km/h [areas] have been equipped with speed-reducing infrastructure yet have retained some of the characteristics of separate rights of way for vehicles and pedestrians .

Such measures are the provision of cycle paths and bus lanes and the introduction of 30 km/h zones with only partial reconstruction of the streets within the zone .
such measures are the provision of cycle paths and bus lanes and the introduction of 30 km/h [areas] with only partial reconstruction of the streets within the zone .

This indicates widespread public compliance with the speed limits , particularly in view of the fact that , by law , motorists in 30 km/h zones must exceed 39 km/h before the police can prosecute .
this indicates widespread public compliance with the speed limits , particularly in view of the fact that , by law , motorists in 30 km/h [areas] must exceed 39 km/h before the police can prosecute .

Moreover , three of the four illustrations on the publicity flyer depicted pedestrianised zones , an indication — presumably — of the soft-mode bias of the manual and of dramatically changed thinking at the DTp .
moreover , three of the four illustrations on the publicity flyer depicted pedestrianised [areas] , an indication — presumably — of the soft-mode bias of the manual and of dramatically changed thinking at the dtp .

The flyer may have had three of its four photographs taken in pedestrian zones , but walking and cycling get less than five per cent of the space in the book .
the flyer may have had three of its four photographs taken in pedestrian [areas] , but walking and cycling get less than five per cent of the space in the book .

It might thus be led by special paths counter to the flow in one way streets , across pedestrianised zones or bus-only areas or through breaks in culs-de sac .
it might thus be led by special paths counter to the flow in one way streets , across pedestrianised [areas] or bus-only areas or through breaks in culs-de sac .

Third , as the financial market becomes increasingly global and competition grows , financial institutions are finding that they need to network their resources more and more — whether that be data , staff , or computer hardware — both company-wide , country-wide and across different time zones .
third , as the financial market becomes increasingly global and competition grows , financial institutions are finding that they need to network their resources more and more — whether that be data , staff , or computer hardware — both company-wide , country-wide and across different time [areas] .

On the other hand , radio is still used for diversity of routing or for emergency circuits , particularly in tricky terrain or earthquake-prone zones where optical fibre circuits might fracture .
on the other hand , radio is still used for diversity of routing or for emergency circuits , particularly in tricky terrain or earthquake-prone [areas] where optical fibre circuits might fracture .

The interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated zones of acid lithologies ( Triassic sandstones and Lower Greensand ) are being examined in order to determine the mobility of toxic metals towards the water table .
the interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated [areas] of acid lithologies ( triassic sandstones and lower greensand ) are being examined in order to determine the mobility of toxic metals towards the water table .

In terms of regional structural controls most of the auriferous deposits in the project area are spatially related to first-order faults and shear zones within the belt and along its margins ; to major anticlinal fold axial traces and limb shears ; or to the fracture envelopes around the major granitoid intrusions Follow-up geochemical field testing of soils for arsenic over selected targets outside the known gold mining districts was 60–70 % successful in demonstrating that certain predicted structural settings would be mineralised .
in terms of regional structural controls most of the auriferous deposits in the project area are spatially related to first-order faults and shear [areas] within the belt and along its margins ; to major anticlinal fold axial traces and limb shears ; or to the fracture envelopes around the major granitoid intrusions follow-up geochemical field testing of soils for arsenic over selected targets outside the known gold mining districts was 60–70 % successful in demonstrating that certain predicted structural settings would be mineralised .

Metamorphism becomes more intense northwards as does the abundance of the granites , which were emplaced syntectonically and deformed along east-trending vertical shear zones .
metamorphism becomes more intense northwards as does the abundance of the granites , which were emplaced syntectonically and deformed along east-trending vertical shear [areas] .

Every cook knows the value of having the facility in an oven where the heat zones are such that different dishes which require different heat can be cooked at the same time .
every cook knows the value of having the facility in an oven where the heat [areas] are such that different dishes which require different heat can be cooked at the same time .

At the baking stage the ovensman could adjust the temperatures in the zones of the oven to correct thickness , colour , and the moisture content of the biscuit , the first and last of these factors affecting the weight of the packet of biscuits .
at the baking stage the ovensman could adjust the temperatures in the [areas] of the oven to correct thickness , colour , and the moisture content of the biscuit , the first and last of these factors affecting the weight of the packet of biscuits .

The hair that frames your face ( hairline ) and the top section of the head ( crown ) are two areas John Frieda designates as Crucial Zones because these form the entire surface area of the style .
the hair that frames your face ( hairline ) and the top section of the head ( crown ) are two areas john frieda designates as crucial [areas] because these form the entire surface area of the style .

If you blow dry hair , concentrate on these Crucial Zones when your hair reaches the Conversion Point .
if you blow dry hair , concentrate on these crucial [areas] when your hair reaches the conversion point .

In the cat , in contrast , the lateral geniculate nucleus projects to two distinct , but adjacent , cortical zones ( areas 17 and 18 ) , each containing a representation of the entire visual field .
in the cat , in contrast , the lateral geniculate nucleus projects to two distinct , but adjacent , cortical [areas] ( areas 17 and 18 ) , each containing a representation of the entire visual field .

Because this diffusion was not even , and was far more marked where levels of literacy were comparatively high , it resulted in the growth of two cultural zones : on the one hand , French-speaking regions receptive to ‘ foreign ’ ideas , and on the other , rural areas which retained the old language and the old ways of life .
because this diffusion was not even , and was far more marked where levels of literacy were comparatively high , it resulted in the growth of two cultural [areas] : on the one hand , french-speaking regions receptive to ‘ foreign ’ ideas , and on the other , rural areas which retained the old language and the old ways of life .

Most of these detailed demographic studies have been made with pasture or woodland systems in northern temperate regions and it could well be that in arid zones , and some other extreme environments , biotic pressures are less dominant and then climatic factors may play the major role in killing plants and in natural selection .
most of these detailed demographic studies have been made with pasture or woodland systems in northern temperate regions and it could well be that in arid [areas] , and some other extreme environments , biotic pressures are less dominant and then climatic factors may play the major role in killing plants and in natural selection .

The theory of plate tectonics states that the outer layer of the earth , the lithosphere ( – 100 km thick ) comprises a small number of ( relatively ) rigid plates which are separated by narrow zones along which most tectonic , seismic and volcanic activity is concentrated .
the theory of plate tectonics states that the outer layer of the earth , the lithosphere ( – 100 km thick ) comprises a small number of ( relatively ) rigid plates which are separated by narrow [areas] along which most tectonic , seismic and volcanic activity is concentrated .

These plate margins are of three types : ( 1 ) divergent , where crustal material moves apart , under the oceans by a process known as sea-floor spreading ; ( 2 ) convergent , where one plate plunges down into the underlying mantle ( also known as subduction zones ) ; ( 3 ) transform faults , where one plate slides laterally with respect to its neighbour , crust being here neither created ( 1 ) nor destroyed ( 2 ) ( Fig .
these plate margins are of three types : ( 1 ) divergent , where crustal material moves apart , under the oceans by a process known as sea-floor spreading ; ( 2 ) convergent , where one plate plunges down into the underlying mantle ( also known as subduction [areas] ) ; ( 3 ) transform faults , where one plate slides laterally with respect to its neighbour , crust being here neither created ( 1 ) nor destroyed ( 2 ) ( fig .

The most obvious effect of plate tectonics is that continents can be split and their components driven apart if a divergent plate margin becomes established beneath them , and can be caused to collide with each other along the lines of subduction zones , where mountain belts such as the Himalayas may thereby be generated .
the most obvious effect of plate tectonics is that continents can be split and their components driven apart if a divergent plate margin becomes established beneath them , and can be caused to collide with each other along the lines of subduction [areas] , where mountain belts such as the himalayas may thereby be generated .

Feeble illumination came from phosphorescent lichens mottling the ceiling and from the furnaces of the many tribes of recyclers whose smelting activities and whose upward export-trade in reusable elements to higher zones of the city alone prevented their home-space from filling as full as a constipated bowel .
feeble illumination came from phosphorescent lichens mottling the ceiling and from the furnaces of the many tribes of recyclers whose smelting activities and whose upward export-trade in reusable elements to higher [areas] of the city alone prevented their home-space from filling as full as a constipated bowel .

Modern technology comes to the rescue here , however : solid-fuel handling systems , developed by British Coal , allow automatic fuelling from an outside coal store ; de-ashing systems have improved , making the job quicker and easier ; smokeless fuels have made the burning of fires possible even in cities ; and some modern solid fuel stoves , which can be installed in front of a fireplace , burn so efficiently that they can be used in smokeless zones .
modern technology comes to the rescue here , however : solid-fuel handling systems , developed by british coal , allow automatic fuelling from an outside coal store ; de-ashing systems have improved , making the job quicker and easier ; smokeless fuels have made the burning of fires possible even in cities ; and some modern solid fuel stoves , which can be installed in front of a fireplace , burn so efficiently that they can be used in smokeless [areas] .

Quiet country lanes became battle zones as hunts men cracked whips , hounds squealed , sabs hollered and the police grabbed at the noisiest among us .
quiet country lanes became battle [areas] as hunts men cracked whips , hounds squealed , sabs hollered and the police grabbed at the noisiest among us .

Add proposed record spending levels on research and development , infrastructure , education , enterprise zones and job training , as well as real estate and profamily incentives , and there may well be good reason to fear that the overall budget deficit may be the constraint that yields if spending cuts ca n't be found to finance all of these initiatives .
add proposed record spending levels on research and development , infrastructure , education , enterprise [areas] and job training , as well as real estate and profamily incentives , and there may well be good reason to fear that the overall budget deficit may be the constraint that yields if spending cuts ca n't be found to finance all of these initiatives .

Investment in commercial properties in enterprise zones within 10 years of the creation of the zone attracts 100 % initial allowance .
investment in commercial properties in enterprise [areas] within 10 years of the creation of the zone attracts 100 % initial allowance .

The no-fly zones were imposed in August .
the no-fly [areas] were imposed in august .

Also included are investment incentives for certain enterprise zones and a 50 % capital gains exclusion for sales of shares of small companies held for five years .
also included are investment incentives for certain enterprise [areas] and a 50 % capital gains exclusion for sales of shares of small companies held for five years .

An overwhelming majority , 90 % , of non-smokers want smoke-free zones at work and in public places , and the majority of smokers support the notion in principle .
an overwhelming majority , 90 % , of non-smokers want smoke-free [areas] at work and in public places , and the majority of smokers support the notion in principle .

In recent years , property within enterprise zones has also enjoyed relief .
in recent years , property within enterprise [areas] has also enjoyed relief .

Although there were thousands of lesser and hundreds of brown noddies on Cousin in October , it can not be easy to assess the population size , because with no positive ‘ summer season ’ as we know it in the temperate zones , many birds can be found breeding almost throughout the year .
although there were thousands of lesser and hundreds of brown noddies on cousin in october , it can not be easy to assess the population size , because with no positive ‘ summer season ’ as we know it in the temperate [areas] , many birds can be found breeding almost throughout the year .

The central Atlantic is an ideal location in which to study the relationships between the lithosphere and isotopic compositions in basalts because the range in lithospheric age is large , there are no recent subduction zones nearby and the area is well away from the effects of the Dupal anomaly in the Southern Hemisphere .
the central atlantic is an ideal location in which to study the relationships between the lithosphere and isotopic compositions in basalts because the range in lithospheric age is large , there are no recent subduction [areas] nearby and the area is well away from the effects of the dupal anomaly in the southern hemisphere .

These portions of the mantle may now be melted preferentially in relatively undiluted form , away from the present ridge , by rising plumes or hot zones because they are enriched in low-temperature melting fractions incorporated at the time of U/Pb fractionation , and because of a lower geothermal gradient in areas of old thick lithosphere where the peridotite solidus is at greater depth .
these portions of the mantle may now be melted preferentially in relatively undiluted form , away from the present ridge , by rising plumes or hot [areas] because they are enriched in low-temperature melting fractions incorporated at the time of u/pb fractionation , and because of a lower geothermal gradient in areas of old thick lithosphere where the peridotite solidus is at greater depth .

Horizontal bars above waveform indicate zones used for measuring peak amplitudes on individual trials .
horizontal bars above waveform indicate [areas] used for measuring peak amplitudes on individual trials .

Here we examine carbon-bearing and carbon-free granulites under a range of electrolyte saturations , confining pressures , pore pressures and temperatures to assess their contributions to the bulk conductivity of the rock and to help understand the nature of the rocks causing the high-conductivity zones in the lower crust .
here we examine carbon-bearing and carbon-free granulites under a range of electrolyte saturations , confining pressures , pore pressures and temperatures to assess their contributions to the bulk conductivity of the rock and to help understand the nature of the rocks causing the high-conductivity [areas] in the lower crust .

The presence of carbon-bearing rocks similar to those studied here would raise the rock conductivity to moderate values if dry and to high values if also saturated with brines , producing values similar to those observed for the crustal high-conductivity zones by magnetotelluric methods .
the presence of carbon-bearing rocks similar to those studied here would raise the rock conductivity to moderate values if dry and to high values if also saturated with brines , producing values similar to those observed for the crustal high-conductivity [areas] by magnetotelluric methods .

Fractures on Etna occur in well defined zones related to the asymmetric topography ( and hence gravitational instability ) and the regional tectonic regime .
fractures on etna occur in well defined [areas] related to the asymmetric topography ( and hence gravitational instability ) and the regional tectonic regime .

The preservation of laminated biogenic sediments is currently understood to be the result of inhibition of benthos by low concentrations of dissolved oxygen either in anoxic silled basins ( such as the Black Sea or California Borderland Basins ) , or beneath zones of strong upwelling , where an oxygen minimum layer intersects the shelf or slope ( such as off Peru or within the Gulf of California ) .
the preservation of laminated biogenic sediments is currently understood to be the result of inhibition of benthos by low concentrations of dissolved oxygen either in anoxic silled basins ( such as the black sea or california borderland basins ) , or beneath [areas] of strong upwelling , where an oxygen minimum layer intersects the shelf or slope ( such as off peru or within the gulf of california ) .

There are other ideas on the horizon ; enterprise zones in blighted areas , a cut in the city tax rate to lure in new residents and businesses , squeezing the services budget ( and municipal unions have already accepted wage cuts ) .
there are other ideas on the horizon ; enterprise [areas] in blighted areas , a cut in the city tax rate to lure in new residents and businesses , squeezing the services budget ( and municipal unions have already accepted wage cuts ) .

In the mid-1980s a proposal to tie the dollar , yen and D-mark together in a system of exchange-rate target zones received a lot of attention . With Europe 's currency system in disarray , this discussion is worth revisiting
in the mid-1980s a proposal to tie the dollar , yen and d-mark together in a system of exchange-rate target [areas] received a lot of attention . with europe 's currency system in disarray , this discussion is worth revisiting

For the moment , however , they seem more relevant to Europe , which has been having a spot of bother with its own system of exchange-rate target zones .
for the moment , however , they seem more relevant to europe , which has been having a spot of bother with its own system of exchange-rate target [areas] .

Though Tuzla is the only officially declared safe area in central Bosnia , in fact much of the territory between it , Sarajevo and Zenica , two other safe zones , will become a sort of basket-case protectorate .
though tuzla is the only officially declared safe area in central bosnia , in fact much of the territory between it , sarajevo and zenica , two other safe [areas] , will become a sort of basket-case protectorate .

Despite a crackdown , Islamic militants have stepped up their hit-and-run insurgency , turning swathes of southern Egypt into battle zones through which foreigners may travel only with lorryloads of nervous police escorts .
despite a crackdown , islamic militants have stepped up their hit-and-run insurgency , turning swathes of southern egypt into battle [areas] through which foreigners may travel only with lorryloads of nervous police escorts .

Eventually , after tests on twelve separate zones on the painting , most of the original varnish was removed , leaving a thin protective layer .
eventually , after tests on twelve separate [areas] on the painting , most of the original varnish was removed , leaving a thin protective layer .

Littoral depth zones .
littoral depth [areas] .

The siting of the machine-guns inside the pillboxes provided interlocking zones of fire , which meant that each position had to be attacked and taken out individually .
the siting of the machine-guns inside the pillboxes provided interlocking [areas] of fire , which meant that each position had to be attacked and taken out individually .

In class and cultural terms , it was one of those occupational zones with no way out .
in class and cultural terms , it was one of those occupational [areas] with no way out .

Once the landing points had been selected , the navies had to escort the assault troops ' ships to their dropping zones , sweeping mine-free passages for both LSIs and assault craft .
once the landing points had been selected , the navies had to escort the assault troops ' ships to their dropping [areas] , sweeping mine-free passages for both lsis and assault craft .

Bellybutton gave one last look at the man walking along the dock , then shoved Starkisser 's tachometers way into their red zones so that the dark blue powerboat stood on her tail and screamed out to sea as though the devil himself was on her tail .
bellybutton gave one last look at the man walking along the dock , then shoved starkisser 's tachometers way into their red [areas] so that the dark blue powerboat stood on her tail and screamed out to sea as though the devil himself was on her tail .

Modern organization theory stresses that political and administrative elites must decentralize policy implementation into sub-organizations with their own problem zones , rather than simply expand central government departments into vast line agencies with direct control over all administration .
modern organization theory stresses that political and administrative elites must decentralize policy implementation into sub-organizations with their own problem [areas] , rather than simply expand central government departments into vast line agencies with direct control over all administration .

Executive elites have tried to exempt certain policy zones from judicial oversight , or have set up specialized tribunals , committees , and boards , staffed by experts who employ inquisitorial rather than adversarial methods of establishing the truth .
executive elites have tried to exempt certain policy [areas] from judicial oversight , or have set up specialized tribunals , committees , and boards , staffed by experts who employ inquisitorial rather than adversarial methods of establishing the truth .

Only the corporatist policy zones are co-ordinated in this system .
only the corporatist policy [areas] are co-ordinated in this system .

The ‘ enumerated articles ’ included most of the more important English imports from areas in the temperate zones and almost all the goods exported from the tropical and semi-tropical regions in which the colonies most committed to trade were to be found .
the ‘ enumerated articles ’ included most of the more important english imports from areas in the temperate [areas] and almost all the goods exported from the tropical and semi-tropical regions in which the colonies most committed to trade were to be found .

Since 1983 large areas of Peru have been progressively designated emergency zones and placed under military control as part of counter-insurgency operations against the armed opposition groups , principally Sendero Luminoso which has been responsible for widespread atrocities .
since 1983 large areas of peru have been progressively designated emergency [areas] and placed under military control as part of counter-insurgency operations against the armed opposition groups , principally sendero luminoso which has been responsible for widespread atrocities .

Often they were targeted simply because they lived in zones of armed conflict between government forces and opposition groups .
often they were targeted simply because they lived in [areas] of armed conflict between government forces and opposition groups .

Sendero Luminoso has been accused of murdering some 90 majors in the emergency zones since 1982 .
sendero luminoso has been accused of murdering some 90 majors in the emergency [areas] since 1982 .

Although thousands of civilians have been reported extrajudicially executed or ‘ disappeared ’ in the emergency zones during the past decade , no members of the armed forces are known to have been convicted for their part in these violations .
although thousands of civilians have been reported extrajudicially executed or ‘ disappeared ’ in the emergency [areas] during the past decade , no members of the armed forces are known to have been convicted for their part in these violations .

The former , following Mola 's early rejection , was rendered even less likely by two unfolding developments : the Republican government 's loss of authority throughout much of the area nominally under its control ; and the bloodletting in both zones as zealots took revenge upon their political enemies .
the former , following mola 's early rejection , was rendered even less likely by two unfolding developments : the republican government 's loss of authority throughout much of the area nominally under its control ; and the bloodletting in both [areas] as zealots took revenge upon their political enemies .

The military map of Spain at the start of the Civil War was a complex one , with both zones split into two : that of the rebels by a Republican-held strip in Extremadura , and that of the Republic owing to the isolation of the north coast .
the military map of spain at the start of the civil war was a complex one , with both [areas] split into two : that of the rebels by a republican-held strip in extremadura , and that of the republic owing to the isolation of the north coast .

During the first year of the Civil War the issues of unity and authority were largely resolved in both zones .
during the first year of the civil war the issues of unity and authority were largely resolved in both [areas] .

Crucially he arranged these zones every 15° longitude apart : with 360° around the globe , and 24 hours to deal with , simple arithmetic indicated that each zone should be roughly 15° wide .
crucially he arranged these [areas] every 15° longitude apart : with 360° around the globe , and 24 hours to deal with , simple arithmetic indicated that each zone should be roughly 15° wide .

And Professor Dowd 's reach swiftly became global : fourteen years after the publication of his monograph and a year after America adopted his system , so the International Meridian Conference in Washington agreed as well : the entire world , not just the American portion of it , should be divided into time zones with Greenwich as the prime meridian .
and professor dowd 's reach swiftly became global : fourteen years after the publication of his monograph and a year after america adopted his system , so the international meridian conference in washington agreed as well : the entire world , not just the american portion of it , should be divided into time [areas] with greenwich as the prime meridian .

( The Atlantic , though dominated by an enormous mid-ocean ridge where new sea-floor is being created at a modest rate of about an inch a year , is home to only two very small subduction zones , with volcanoes and trenches , in the Caribbean and the South Sandwich Islands , and therefore is not being destroyed at its edges as rapidly as it is being created in the middle ; the Indian Ocean is similarly undramatic — a mid-ocean ridge once again , but a single subduction zone where its eastern plate collides with the Eurasian Plate and produces the volcanoes that — like Krakatoa — line the southern side of the islands of Java , Sumatra and Timor . )
( the atlantic , though dominated by an enormous mid-ocean ridge where new sea-floor is being created at a modest rate of about an inch a year , is home to only two very small subduction [areas] , with volcanoes and trenches , in the caribbean and the south sandwich islands , and therefore is not being destroyed at its edges as rapidly as it is being created in the middle ; the indian ocean is similarly undramatic — a mid-ocean ridge once again , but a single subduction zone where its eastern plate collides with the eurasian plate and produces the volcanoes that — like krakatoa — line the southern side of the islands of java , sumatra and timor . )

Along the tunnel there exist a few modest zones of safety .
along the tunnel there exist a few modest [areas] of safety .

Between these are zones where you will experience mischievous phenomena such as incandescent heat , absolute cold , airless vacuum , induced agony , and such .
between these are [areas] where you will experience mischievous phenomena such as incandescent heat , absolute cold , airless vacuum , induced agony , and such .

Those zones were the worst , but Rogal Dorn was with him then .
those [areas] were the worst , but rogal dorn was with him then .

As well as in the agony zones ; though not in vacuum or in utter chill .
as well as in the agony [areas] ; though not in vacuum or in utter chill .

In swank zones , you would n't exakly a thunk there was a war goin' on not till the Scouts arrived …
in swank [areas] , you would n't exakly a thunk there was a war goin' on not till the scouts arrived …

Parts of the city which were more heedful had recessed into themselves , clearing great arena-spaces — although contracted routes through the internal organs of those zones were still negotiable .
parts of the city which were more heedful had recessed into themselves , clearing great arena-spaces — although contracted routes through the internal organs of those [areas] were still negotiable .

Rodomonte hardly noticed the magnificent , unearthly architecture preserved so beautifully away from the squalls of the less temperate zones .
rodomonte hardly noticed the magnificent , unearthly architecture preserved so beautifully away from the squalls of the less temperate [areas] .

It is a fact that the main growth zones of the country lie in the inner metropolitan periphery ; and
it is a fact that the main growth [areas] of the country lie in the inner metropolitan periphery ; and

The size and type of zones to be used and the time periods to be employed ; and
the size and type of [areas] to be used and the time periods to be employed ; and

The advent of global financial marketplaces , hemispheric free trade zones , and vast common markets suggests that public regional or hemispheric electronic registries are indeed inevitable .
the advent of global financial marketplaces , hemispheric free trade [areas] , and vast common markets suggests that public regional or hemispheric electronic registries are indeed inevitable .

This scheme differs from the Protogeometric in a reduction of the black areas and of concentric circles and semicircles , and in a careful selection of the rectilinear motives and the ordering of them to cover the pot with a skin of graded zones which emphasise its shape .
this scheme differs from the protogeometric in a reduction of the black areas and of concentric circles and semicircles , and in a careful selection of the rectilinear motives and the ordering of them to cover the pot with a skin of graded [areas] which emphasise its shape .

The occasional row of repeated birds or quadrupeds may be substituted for abstract designs in one of the zones ; but much more interesting is the introduction of complicated scenes of human activity .
the occasional row of repeated birds or quadrupeds may be substituted for abstract designs in one of the [areas] ; but much more interesting is the introduction of complicated scenes of human activity .

It shows both the classic system of abstract geometric decoration : small black areas , graded zones of pattern with varied maeanders ; and at the same time the introduction on the neck of two zones of repeated animals ( grazing deer , resting goats ) and just above the broadest point of the body , on the shoulder between the handles , a scene of human action .
it shows both the classic system of abstract geometric decoration : small black areas , graded [areas] of pattern with varied maeanders ; and at the same time the introduction on the neck of two [areas] of repeated animals ( grazing deer , resting goats ) and just above the broadest point of the body , on the shoulder between the handles , a scene of human action .

Soon the subordinate zones shrink to narrow pattern-borders and all the concentration is on the figure-scenes , executed in a variety of techniques : outline , outline filled with white , a mixture of black and white silhouette , and sometimes black-figure , used with more colour than is common at Corinth and seldom for the main figures .
soon the subordinate [areas] shrink to narrow pattern-borders and all the concentration is on the figure-scenes , executed in a variety of techniques : outline , outline filled with white , a mixture of black and white silhouette , and sometimes black-figure , used with more colour than is common at corinth and seldom for the main figures .

The centre is One , the outer fringe is Six ; zones where there used to be neighbourhoods .
the centre is one , the outer fringe is six ; [areas] where there used to be neighbourhoods .

Buffer zones and war zones .
buffer [areas] and war [areas] .

Next afternoon , they drove across two zones and parked close to the river .
next afternoon , they drove across two [areas] and parked close to the river .

On 25 May , Dong suggested demarcation of zones of control , representing a single holding ' , on which a ceasefire might be based : or in plain language , partition .
on 25 may , dong suggested demarcation of [areas] of control , representing a single holding ' , on which a ceasefire might be based : or in plain language , partition .

… Consultations will be held on this subject between the competent representative authorities of the two zones from 20 July 1955 onwards .
… consultations will be held on this subject between the competent representative authorities of the two [areas] from 20 july 1955 onwards .

In the other region ( a mixed area containing substantial rural zones ) there are , in addition to the field officers , a number of senior and junior posts .
in the other region ( a mixed area containing substantial rural [areas] ) there are , in addition to the field officers , a number of senior and junior posts .

In a one-dimensional system six unique relationships can be established , by defining the occurrence of the secondary within the three zones about the primary ( see Figure 2.10 ) .
in a one-dimensional system six unique relationships can be established , by defining the occurrence of the secondary within the three [areas] about the primary ( see figure 2.10 ) .

These zones are defined as existing within the range of the primary ( condition 0 ) , below the range ( condition — 1 ) , and above It ( condition 1 ) .
these [areas] are defined as existing within the range of the primary ( condition 0 ) , below the range ( condition — 1 ) , and above it ( condition 1 ) .

This approach thus results in the specification of 27 zones about a three.dimensional primary space , with touching conditions recorded with respect to the six excursion conditions ( see Figure 2.13 ) .
this approach thus results in the specification of 27 [areas] about a three.dimensional primary space , with touching conditions recorded with respect to the six excursion conditions ( see figure 2.13 ) .

On the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .
on the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — [areas] of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .

In either case , relationships may or may not be specified across the boundaries or entities defined in the intersecting zones .
in either case , relationships may or may not be specified across the boundaries or entities defined in the intersecting [areas] .

Above all , operating in different time zones allows animals to exploit their environment to the full .
above all , operating in different time [areas] allows animals to exploit their environment to the full .

We sometimes disturb this process by moving quickly across time zones on trans-continental flights .
we sometimes disturb this process by moving quickly across time [areas] on trans-continental flights .

The corollary of this is the increasing emphasis that has been placed on urban policies , such as Inner-City Partnerships and Enterprise Zones .
the corollary of this is the increasing emphasis that has been placed on urban policies , such as inner-city partnerships and enterprise [areas] .

This was largely the result of the extension of commuting zones , a trend that has continued through the interwar and postwar periods .
this was largely the result of the extension of commuting [areas] , a trend that has continued through the interwar and postwar periods .

Large areas of western Scotland , mid- and North Wales and the upland zones of the North and South West of England have exhibited population gains , in some cases for the first time in over a century .
large areas of western scotland , mid- and north wales and the upland [areas] of the north and south west of england have exhibited population gains , in some cases for the first time in over a century .

Figure 7.1 shows the distribution of such zones in England and Wales .
figure 7.1 shows the distribution of such [areas] in england and wales .

Furthermore , as many of these zones already contained substantial built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently contain a mixture of land uses and rarely form zones of attractive or continuous open landscape ( Thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .
furthermore , as many of these [areas] already contained substantial built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently contain a mixture of land uses and rarely form [areas] of attractive or continuous open landscape ( thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .

As can be seen from figure 7.1 , these cover a number of coastal zones as well as upland areas that lie outside the parks , such as the Quantocks , Cotswolds , Chilterns and Sussex Downs .
as can be seen from figure 7.1 , these cover a number of coastal [areas] as well as upland areas that lie outside the parks , such as the quantocks , cotswolds , chilterns and sussex downs .

But in addition to explaining this mystery , it is a beautiful example of what can be achieved by neurons having the appropriate projective zones .
but in addition to explaining this mystery , it is a beautiful example of what can be achieved by neurons having the appropriate projective [areas] .

These arrangements create three small zones in the brain in each of which there will be massive activity for rotation about one particular axis .
these arrangements create three small [areas] in the brain in each of which there will be massive activity for rotation about one particular axis .

Visual information from neurons in these zones supplements that provided from the three semicircular canals and is distributed in parallel with it to the part of the brain that controls our balance , the cerebellum .
visual information from neurons in these [areas] supplements that provided from the three semicircular canals and is distributed in parallel with it to the part of the brain that controls our balance , the cerebellum .

Projective zones and non-topographic maps
projective [areas] and non-topographic maps

If their special property is not to be found in their trigger features , might it be something about their projective zones ?
if their special property is not to be found in their trigger features , might it be something about their projective [areas] ?

My own view is that the neuron 's ability to relay selective information to selected zones has greater possibilities than have yet been discovered by neurophysiologists .
my own view is that the neuron 's ability to relay selective information to selected [areas] has greater possibilities than have yet been discovered by neurophysiologists .

Actors have to be trained , and they have to learn their parts ; similarly , neurons must somehow acquire their trigger features and projective zones .
actors have to be trained , and they have to learn their parts ; similarly , neurons must somehow acquire their trigger features and projective [areas] .

The core of Hindess 's argument concerns the differential orientation to politics according to the definite zones of living conditions within the city .
the core of hindess 's argument concerns the differential orientation to politics according to the definite [areas] of living conditions within the city .

Within the ‘ middle class ’ zones of owner-occupation of housing , politically active people tended to see politics as an arena for establishing the broad outlines of policy ; the ‘ details ’ of execution of policy could be left to suitably qualified experts and were not really the business of politics .
within the ‘ middle class ’ [areas] of owner-occupation of housing , politically active people tended to see politics as an arena for establishing the broad outlines of policy ; the ‘ details ’ of execution of policy could be left to suitably qualified experts and were not really the business of politics .

Within the ‘ working class ’ zones such as council estates , by contrast , this separation of the personal and the political is less tenable .
within the ‘ working class ’ [areas] such as council estates , by contrast , this separation of the personal and the political is less tenable .

It would take a radius of c. 3,600 km from this source to encompass the zones of China in which jade was being worked as far back as neolithic times .
it would take a radius of c. 3,600 km from this source to encompass the [areas] of china in which jade was being worked as far back as neolithic times .

Hellenistic craftsmen concentrated much more intensively on exposing the surface of prominent white bands and carving one or more in relief using the intermediate darker zones to throw their images into stronger relief .
hellenistic craftsmen concentrated much more intensively on exposing the surface of prominent white bands and carving one or more in relief using the intermediate darker [areas] to throw their images into stronger relief .

Or consider Magritte 's The Rape , in which the sexual trial of a woman 's erogenous zones ( breasts and pubis ) are superimposed onto the rhyming facial triangle of eyes and mouth .
or consider magritte 's the rape , in which the sexual trial of a woman 's erogenous [areas] ( breasts and pubis ) are superimposed onto the rhyming facial triangle of eyes and mouth .

South-east Europe is a region of great geographical diversity , in which several major physiographic and climatic zones converge .
south-east europe is a region of great geographical diversity , in which several major physiographic and climatic [areas] converge .

America , Russia , Britain and France divided the country into occupation zones , destroyed the last vestiges of Nazi authority and set up their own military government .
america , russia , britain and france divided the country into occupation [areas] , destroyed the last vestiges of nazi authority and set up their own military government .

Reviving the economy and allowing local elections was all very well for west Germans , but to create a government only in the western zones would be to divide the nation : German people might well be appalled by this and turn against their new leaders .
reviving the economy and allowing local elections was all very well for west germans , but to create a government only in the western [areas] would be to divide the nation : german people might well be appalled by this and turn against their new leaders .

Its only rival for ‘ industrial determination ’ in Britain was West Central Scotland — both zones received massive immigration in the nineteenth century .
its only rival for ‘ industrial determination ’ in britain was west central scotland — both [areas] received massive immigration in the nineteenth century .

This was because the state played a crucial role in segregating immigrants into twilight zones as a result of its making council housing available mainly to the white working class .
this was because the state played a crucial role in segregating immigrants into twilight [areas] as a result of its making council housing available mainly to the white working class .

Arbitan gives each of them a ‘ Travel Dial ’ , a wrist-watch shaped device that permits instantaneous teleportation to the zones where the keys are hidden .
arbitan gives each of them a ‘ travel dial ’ , a wrist-watch shaped device that permits instantaneous teleportation to the [areas] where the keys are hidden .

Factories may be required to be sited at some distance from residential areas in specially designated industrial zones .
factories may be required to be sited at some distance from residential areas in specially designated industrial [areas] .

Recent years have seen the establishment of ‘ enterprise zones ’ , Urban Development Corporations and a range of similar organizations , operating at local level but bypassing inner-city councils .
recent years have seen the establishment of ‘ enterprise [areas] ’ , urban development corporations and a range of similar organizations , operating at local level but bypassing inner-city councils .

Among the few who have tried to compare the two regions , French and Smith ( 1985 ) are concerned particularly with subpolar tundra , and Aleksandrova ( 1980 ) prescribes a simple geobotanical regional zoning that covers both polar and subpolar zones at both ends of the world .
among the few who have tried to compare the two regions , french and smith ( 1985 ) are concerned particularly with subpolar tundra , and aleksandrova ( 1980 ) prescribes a simple geobotanical regional zoning that covers both polar and subpolar [areas] at both ends of the world .

Aleksandrova divides each tundra subregion latitudinally into northern and southern zones , providing four belts of progressive floristic enrichment and diversity within the tundra biome .
aleksandrova divides each tundra subregion latitudinally into northern and southern [areas] , providing four belts of progressive floristic enrichment and diversity within the tundra biome .

Aleksandrova 's system thus includes Stonehouse 's two southern zones in one region , her two subregions corresponding almost exactly to his continental and maritime zones .
aleksandrova 's system thus includes stonehouse 's two southern [areas] in one region , her two subregions corresponding almost exactly to his continental and maritime [areas] .

Every spring the Arctic 's tiny resident populations are swamped by a huge influx of migrant birds , which fly from the tropics and temperate zones to feed and breed on the tundra .
every spring the arctic 's tiny resident populations are swamped by a huge influx of migrant birds , which fly from the tropics and temperate [areas] to feed and breed on the tundra .

This list includes eight marginal species — mountain and forest mammals that occur only on the arctic fringe — and over a dozen others that seldom penetrate far and are never found in the northern zones .
this list includes eight marginal species — mountain and forest mammals that occur only on the arctic fringe — and over a dozen others that seldom penetrate far and are never found in the northern [areas] .

The shore remains frozen until the summer thaw ; during summer the beaches and rocky shores alike are scoured by floating ice ; in consequence few plants or animals inhabit the intertidal or upper littoral zones .
the shore remains frozen until the summer thaw ; during summer the beaches and rocky shores alike are scoured by floating ice ; in consequence few plants or animals inhabit the intertidal or upper littoral [areas] .

Under the 1982 Convention on the Law of the Sea , 12-mile territorial limits and up-to-200-mile Exclusive Economic Zones ( EEZs ) have replaced three-mile limits throughout the world , and are as valid in the far north as elsewhere .
under the 1982 convention on the law of the sea , 12-mile territorial limits and up-to-200-mile exclusive economic [areas] ( eezs ) have replaced three-mile limits throughout the world , and are as valid in the far north as elsewhere .

The French control Iles Kerguelen , Crozet , Amsterdam and St Paul , and lease specified fishing rights to Soviet and other fishermen in circumscribed zones surrounding them .
the french control iles kerguelen , crozet , amsterdam and st paul , and lease specified fishing rights to soviet and other fishermen in circumscribed [areas] surrounding them .

The classic division of labour between a head and class teachers , each with clearly defined roles and ‘ zones of influence ’ .
the classic division of labour between a head and class teachers , each with clearly defined roles and ‘ [areas] of influence ’ .

Similarly , the narrator 's persistent burrowing into the unarticulated zones of her characters ' stores of knowledge about themselves indicates a certain disregard for their psychological integrity , a hollowing out of their ‘ roundness ’ .
similarly , the narrator 's persistent burrowing into the unarticulated [areas] of her characters ' stores of knowledge about themselves indicates a certain disregard for their psychological integrity , a hollowing out of their ‘ roundness ’ .

The designation of certain economically stagnant and often derelict areas as ‘ Enterprise Zones ’ .
the designation of certain economically stagnant and often derelict areas as ‘ enterprise [areas] ’ .

By the end of 1981 eleven Enterprise Zones had been established .
by the end of 1981 eleven enterprise [areas] had been established .

The concentration on wealth-generating activities rather than social programmes ; this was most apparent in the creation of enterprise zones .
the concentration on wealth-generating activities rather than social programmes ; this was most apparent in the creation of enterprise [areas] .

On the subject of Siberia , New York restaurateurs , for long masters of the speedy dispatch of unknown customers to Outer Siberian non-chic zones , have dreamt up a new curve .
on the subject of siberia , new york restaurateurs , for long masters of the speedy dispatch of unknown customers to outer siberian non-chic [areas] , have dreamt up a new curve .

On the other , the national ‘ demographic time bomb ’ of much smaller numbers of school-leavers in the 1990s is likely to have its most severe impact on those places which experience rapid-migration of younger families during the 1950s and 1960s , namely the older New Towns and the more traditional commuting zones and most notably those in the Home Counties/ Outer Metropolitan Area of South East England .
on the other , the national ‘ demographic time bomb ’ of much smaller numbers of school-leavers in the 1990s is likely to have its most severe impact on those places which experience rapid-migration of younger families during the 1950s and 1960s , namely the older new towns and the more traditional commuting [areas] and most notably those in the home counties/ outer metropolitan area of south east england .

It was through the control of land use that post-war cities would be given their orderly structure ; major activity zones , such as residential , commercial , industrial and open space , would be sharply separated from each other .
it was through the control of land use that post-war cities would be given their orderly structure ; major activity [areas] , such as residential , commercial , industrial and open space , would be sharply separated from each other .

Enterprise Zones were introduced in two rounds ( 1981 and 1983 ) , enabling legislation being provided by the Local Government , Planning and Land Act , 1980 .
enterprise [areas] were introduced in two rounds ( 1981 and 1983 ) , enabling legislation being provided by the local government , planning and land act , 1980 .

In his Essai sur la géographie des plantes of 1807 , Humboldt noted that there was an equivalence between the belts of vegetation found at different heights ascending a mountain and the geographical zones that girdled the earth .
in his essai sur la géographie des plantes of 1807 , humboldt noted that there was an equivalence between the belts of vegetation found at different heights ascending a mountain and the geographical [areas] that girdled the earth .

The zones of vegetation around the earth were determined by temperature and rainfall , and within each zone the plants all possessed similar adaptations to the conditions .
the [areas] of vegetation around the earth were determined by temperature and rainfall , and within each zone the plants all possessed similar adaptations to the conditions .

He distinguished five botanical zones , but went beyond Watson by suggesting that each had been established by a separate episode of migration from a different continental source .
he distinguished five botanical [areas] , but went beyond watson by suggesting that each had been established by a separate episode of migration from a different continental source .

It would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .
it would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular [areas] of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further [areas] wee subsequently triggered .

In the case of horizontally separated zones and certain types of racking this would be particularly difficult by normal means of observation .
in the case of horizontally separated [areas] and certain types of racking this would be particularly difficult by normal means of observation .

Independent control of water supplies to individual sections would facilitate this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if zones could be triggered by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and terminating at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .
independent control of water supplies to individual sections would facilitate this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if [areas] could be triggered by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and terminating at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .

Each ‘ zone ’ of three sprinklers was protected on each side by adjacent zones , each zone having its own linear detector which was attached to the racking members throughout the zone .
each ‘ zone ’ of three sprinklers was protected on each side by adjacent [areas] , each zone having its own linear detector which was attached to the racking members throughout the zone .

At the outbreak of war in 1914 , Strahan supervised the preparation of a set of vital military geological maps of Belgium and other war zones ; and with the cessation of foreign sources of supply an exhaustive inventory of native sources of supply of strategic minerals ( ranging from barytes to sand ) was needed .
at the outbreak of war in 1914 , strahan supervised the preparation of a set of vital military geological maps of belgium and other war [areas] ; and with the cessation of foreign sources of supply an exhaustive inventory of native sources of supply of strategic minerals ( ranging from barytes to sand ) was needed .

This model was supported by five climato-morphogenetic zones ( Büdel , 1963 ) which were later expanded to seven ( Büdel , 1969 ) and then to eight ( Büdel , 1977 ) .
this model was supported by five climato-morphogenetic [areas] ( büdel , 1963 ) which were later expanded to seven ( büdel , 1969 ) and then to eight ( büdel , 1977 ) .

This model provided a way of visualizing the pattern of morphogenetic systems over the earth 's surface during the Cainozoic and so lent itself to a clear way of integrating contemporary world zones with those of the past when ice sheets were non-existent or much less extensive .
this model provided a way of visualizing the pattern of morphogenetic systems over the earth 's surface during the cainozoic and so lent itself to a clear way of integrating contemporary world [areas] with those of the past when ice sheets were non-existent or much less extensive .

planation surfaces should be considered in the general framework of plate tectonics , sea floor spreading , and the resulting change of continental areas with respect to the position of climatic zones .
planation surfaces should be considered in the general framework of plate tectonics , sea floor spreading , and the resulting change of continental areas with respect to the position of climatic [areas] .

The coastal geomorphologist therefore focused upon the processes that control shoreline equilibrium and the significance of long-shore currents and sediment transport , of wave activity in relation to the swash , nearshore and offshore zones , and to the less-studied influence of tides and of impulsive events such as tsunamis .
the coastal geomorphologist therefore focused upon the processes that control shoreline equilibrium and the significance of long-shore currents and sediment transport , of wave activity in relation to the swash , nearshore and offshore [areas] , and to the less-studied influence of tides and of impulsive events such as tsunamis .

This accounted for Washington 's disparaging view of various ‘ zones of peace ’ advocated by Soviet leaders in the 1950s and 1960s , which were intended for regions where the Western states remained militarily preponderant .
this accounted for washington 's disparaging view of various ‘ [areas] of peace ’ advocated by soviet leaders in the 1950s and 1960s , which were intended for regions where the western states remained militarily preponderant .

Nevertheless , Soviet specialists accepted that in the past these zones had to a certain extent acted as a means of averting war .
nevertheless , soviet specialists accepted that in the past these [areas] had to a certain extent acted as a means of averting war .

Soviet spokesmen began instead to identify peacetime benefits from neutralisation , to link this regime more explicitly to that of demilitarisation and the Soviet doctrine of peaceful coexistence , and correspondingly to advocate the creation of broad ‘ peace zones ’ .
soviet spokesmen began instead to identify peacetime benefits from neutralisation , to link this regime more explicitly to that of demilitarisation and the soviet doctrine of peaceful coexistence , and correspondingly to advocate the creation of broad ‘ peace [areas] ’ .

neutralised zones and zones of disarmament , which the socialist states and the neutralist states of Asia and Africa propose in Central Europe , in the region of the Mediterranean Sea , in the region of the Baltic Sea , in the Far East and on the African continent , are one of the means of securing the peaceful coexistence of states with different socio-economic systems .
neutralised [areas] and [areas] of disarmament , which the socialist states and the neutralist states of asia and africa propose in central europe , in the region of the mediterranean sea , in the region of the baltic sea , in the far east and on the african continent , are one of the means of securing the peaceful coexistence of states with different socio-economic systems .

Such zones were expected also ‘ to assist the spread of political , economic , scientific , cultural and other contacts ’ between states .
such [areas] were expected also ‘ to assist the spread of political , economic , scientific , cultural and other contacts ’ between states .

Numerous Soviet proposals for regional disarmament or nuclear-free zones were advanced in the late 1950s and 1960s , although generally these did not envisage the formal neutralisation of the regions concerned .
numerous soviet proposals for regional disarmament or nuclear-free [areas] were advanced in the late 1950s and 1960s , although generally these did not envisage the formal neutralisation of the regions concerned .

This example of Third World interest in schemes for the neutralisation of regions between the blocs followed on Soviet acknowledgement of the legitimacy of neutrality and the desirability of ‘ buffer zones ’ in Central Europe in the 1950s .
this example of third world interest in schemes for the neutralisation of regions between the blocs followed on soviet acknowledgement of the legitimacy of neutrality and the desirability of ‘ buffer [areas] ’ in central europe in the 1950s .

But Soviet leaders had not yet conceived of extending such formally guaranteed zones , as opposed to the looser idea of ‘ zones of peace ’ , to Third World regions .
but soviet leaders had not yet conceived of extending such formally guaranteed [areas] , as opposed to the looser idea of ‘ [areas] of peace ’ , to third world regions .

’ Brzezinski considered the President 's words to represent ‘ a formal recognition of a centrally important reality : that America 's security had become interdependent with the security of three central and interrelated strategic zones consisting of Western Europe , the Far East and the Middle East Persian Gulf area ’ .
’ brzezinski considered the president 's words to represent ‘ a formal recognition of a centrally important reality : that america 's security had become interdependent with the security of three central and interrelated strategic [areas] consisting of western europe , the far east and the middle east persian gulf area ’ .

Soviet initiatives for the Mediterranean in the guise of denuclearisation or the creation of zones of peace date back at least to the Soviet ‘ Draft Declaration on Non-Intervention in the Middle East ’ presented in February 1957 .
soviet initiatives for the mediterranean in the guise of denuclearisation or the creation of [areas] of peace date back at least to the soviet ‘ draft declaration on non-intervention in the middle east ’ presented in february 1957 .

As in the case of Soviet proposals for zones of peace elsewhere they contributed , however , to the creation of inhospitable local conditions for the Western military presence and formed part of the Soviet policy of military denial .
as in the case of soviet proposals for [areas] of peace elsewhere they contributed , however , to the creation of inhospitable local conditions for the western military presence and formed part of the soviet policy of military denial .

This proposal was advanced as an important measure towards disarmament and the creation of zones of limited arms , but it was not taken seriously by Western leaders since it required in effect wholly asymmetrical concessions by East and West .
this proposal was advanced as an important measure towards disarmament and the creation of [areas] of limited arms , but it was not taken seriously by western leaders since it required in effect wholly asymmetrical concessions by east and west .

These tend to cause offshore movements of surface water and either a return movement along the bottom or in certain restricted zones .
these tend to cause offshore movements of surface water and either a return movement along the bottom or in certain restricted [areas] .

The history of the succession of climates and vegetation and the relative changes in the levels of land and sea have been worked out on the basis of stratigraphical and botanical investigations in great detail by Godwin ( a simple account is given in Darby , 1938 , and a full account of the vegetation zones in Godwin , 1975 ) .
the history of the succession of climates and vegetation and the relative changes in the levels of land and sea have been worked out on the basis of stratigraphical and botanical investigations in great detail by godwin ( a simple account is given in darby , 1938 , and a full account of the vegetation [areas] in godwin , 1975 ) .

Details may vary and certain climatic zones may produce more individual features than others , as was suggested above for the glacial and arid climatic zones , but it seems to be doubtful whether fluvially controlled landscapes formed in different climates are as distinctive as is sometimes maintained ( Stoddart , 1969 ) .
details may vary and certain climatic [areas] may produce more individual features than others , as was suggested above for the glacial and arid climatic [areas] , but it seems to be doubtful whether fluvially controlled landscapes formed in different climates are as distinctive as is sometimes maintained ( stoddart , 1969 ) .

In effect , he defines the climatic range of vegetation zones and proceeds to call them climatic zones .
in effect , he defines the climatic range of vegetation [areas] and proceeds to call them climatic [areas] .

It is important to remember this when thinking about climatic geomorphology , because if one assumes that landforms are going to vary significantly with these zones , one assumes that the climatic parameters controlling landforms are the same as those controlling natural vegetation .
it is important to remember this when thinking about climatic geomorphology , because if one assumes that landforms are going to vary significantly with these [areas] , one assumes that the climatic parameters controlling landforms are the same as those controlling natural vegetation .

Pleistocene changes of climate do not apply , however , only to temperate latitudes , but to most of the climatic zones of the earth .
pleistocene changes of climate do not apply , however , only to temperate latitudes , but to most of the climatic [areas] of the earth .

Though the system has now been modified for some years , local authorities still play a crucial role in the shaping of the local environment by , for example , forecasting the need for roads for travel to work or leisure , and thus plan on the basis of that need Planners seek to influence behaviour , for example , by deciding that particular zones will be devoted to industrial estates , others to shopping centres and residential use in order to harmonise traffic movement and so on .
though the system has now been modified for some years , local authorities still play a crucial role in the shaping of the local environment by , for example , forecasting the need for roads for travel to work or leisure , and thus plan on the basis of that need planners seek to influence behaviour , for example , by deciding that particular [areas] will be devoted to industrial estates , others to shopping centres and residential use in order to harmonise traffic movement and so on .

Tone clusters are created by voices singing at various pitches around certain zones ( medium , low , or high ) or around certain notes .
tone clusters are created by voices singing at various pitches around certain [areas] ( medium , low , or high ) or around certain notes .

The two whole-tone groups are used as pivots between such tonal zones throughout the composition , and give the work its precise character .
the two whole-tone groups are used as pivots between such tonal [areas] throughout the composition , and give the work its precise character .

Clearly he set great store on the value of whole-tone harmony and the versatility of a system which could fuse together tonal zones which would otherwise not easily be compatible .
clearly he set great store on the value of whole-tone harmony and the versatility of a system which could fuse together tonal [areas] which would otherwise not easily be compatible .

At times tonal zones can be identified ; at others they are elusive , but in their sum tonalities are so well hidden that we can regard this as truly ‘ atonal ’ ( in the sense of being tonally obscure ) : It would be laborious to analyse this note by note , but there are several principal features which can be noted :
at times tonal [areas] can be identified ; at others they are elusive , but in their sum tonalities are so well hidden that we can regard this as truly ‘ atonal ’ ( in the sense of being tonally obscure ) : it would be laborious to analyse this note by note , but there are several principal features which can be noted :

Already , in Example 105 , several zones ( especially those based on semitone clusters ) were obviously composed through this method of working with non-tonal note combinations .
already , in example 105 , several [areas] ( especially those based on semitone clusters ) were obviously composed through this method of working with non-tonal note combinations .

The light bands are called zones and the dark bands are called belts .
the light bands are called [areas] and the dark bands are called belts .

The wavelike features move relative to each other along the belts and zones , and display a complicated set of interactions .
the wavelike features move relative to each other along the belts and [areas] , and display a complicated set of interactions .

The correlation of colour with altitude means that the belts and zones and the smaller-scale features are largely associated with cloud tops that lie at different altitudes .
the correlation of colour with altitude means that the belts and [areas] and the smaller-scale features are largely associated with cloud tops that lie at different altitudes .

As an example , one may cite The Offshore Installations ( Safety Zones ) ( No .
as an example , one may cite the offshore installations ( safety [areas] ) ( no .

Breasts , it was said , were no more sexual than men 's beards and erogenous zones were not necessarily sexual , for otherwise ‘ a person [ could ] be liable to conviction for stealing a good-night kiss .
breasts , it was said , were no more sexual than men 's beards and erogenous [areas] were not necessarily sexual , for otherwise ‘ a person [ could ] be liable to conviction for stealing a good-night kiss .

‘ With E-mail it zips through at a fraction of the cost , and such a system also eliminates many of the difficulties associated with operating in different time zones .
‘ with e-mail it zips through at a fraction of the cost , and such a system also eliminates many of the difficulties associated with operating in different time [areas] .

Until the population has grown sufficiently , they will be contained within fenced-off zones .
until the population has grown sufficiently , they will be contained within fenced-off [areas] .

Between these triangles lie the four arms of the saltire , all of which seem to have been divided into three zones : two lozenges enclosing pentagonal devices with two heart-shaped petals , and a pentagonal area which contains a pelta-urn .
between these triangles lie the four arms of the saltire , all of which seem to have been divided into three [areas] : two lozenges enclosing pentagonal devices with two heart-shaped petals , and a pentagonal area which contains a pelta-urn .

The creation of `` car-free zones `` , including the possible closure of some routes to private motor traffic , on the principle of the `` long walk in `` to the Park .
the creation of `` car-free [areas] `` , including the possible closure of some routes to private motor traffic , on the principle of the `` long walk in `` to the park .

Radiating out from the speaker are a number of concentric circles distinguishing different zones of spatial proximity ; through the speaker passes a `` tame line `` , on which events prior to his present utt rance , and events prior to those , can be linearly arranged , and similarly events at points and spans in the future ; while the discourse to which the speaker contributes unfolds along this same time line .
radiating out from the speaker are a number of concentric circles distinguishing different [areas] of spatial proximity ; through the speaker passes a `` tame line `` , on which events prior to his present utt rance , and events prior to those , can be linearly arranged , and similarly events at points and spans in the future ; while the discourse to which the speaker contributes unfolds along this same time line .

The slick threatened conservation zones and five islands supporting seabirds and colonies of Australian sea lions , but a major ecological disaster was avoided when it began drifting out to sea .
the slick threatened conservation [areas] and five islands supporting seabirds and colonies of australian sea lions , but a major ecological disaster was avoided when it began drifting out to sea .

Arid Zones ,
arid [areas] ,

The survey concludes that illegal levels of pesticides are to be found in 70 per cent of the large Thames Water company 's supply zones , and throughout the supply zones of the smaller West Kent and Colne Valley companies .
the survey concludes that illegal levels of pesticides are to be found in 70 per cent of the large thames water company 's supply [areas] , and throughout the supply [areas] of the smaller west kent and colne valley companies .

Other companies in the area supplying substandard water are East Surrey ( 76 per cent of supply zones ) , Lee Valley ( 51 per cent ) , Mid Southern ( 55 per cent ) and Rickmansworth ( 44 per cent ) .
other companies in the area supplying substandard water are east surrey ( 76 per cent of supply [areas] ) , lee valley ( 51 per cent ) , mid southern ( 55 per cent ) and rickmansworth ( 44 per cent ) .

It divides the area into inner and outer zones , with the central core of 6,000 sq km to be left undisturbed as an ecological park , and the second inner zone scheduled for logging and replanting .
it divides the area into inner and outer [areas] , with the central core of 6,000 sq km to be left undisturbed as an ecological park , and the second inner zone scheduled for logging and replanting .

Two outer zones are to be jointly managed by the forestry department and local people , who will be able to plant trees for timber and firewood and harvest fruits and other produce .
two outer [areas] are to be jointly managed by the forestry department and local people , who will be able to plant trees for timber and firewood and harvest fruits and other produce .

The project outline claims that no-one lives in the inner zones , although this is disputed by local non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , which insist that tribal people currently use all of the forest .
the project outline claims that no-one lives in the inner [areas] , although this is disputed by local non-governmental organizations ( ngos ) , which insist that tribal people currently use all of the forest .

Dr Mick Kelly , a co-author of Cities at Risk , said 60 per cent of the world 's population live in low-lying coastal zones that are at some risk from sea-level rises .
dr mick kelly , a co-author of cities at risk , said 60 per cent of the world 's population live in low-lying coastal [areas] that are at some risk from sea-level rises .

Other methods of stimulating volume might include controlling trading hours ( by concentrating liquidity in a particular time frame , as on the metal and cocoa rings ) or by lengthening the hours , to attract business from other time zones .
other methods of stimulating volume might include controlling trading hours ( by concentrating liquidity in a particular time frame , as on the metal and cocoa rings ) or by lengthening the hours , to attract business from other time [areas] .

The environmental factors which produce arrested larvae in subtropical zones are not yet known .
the environmental factors which produce arrested larvae in subtropical [areas] are not yet known .

The epidemiology in subtropical areas is basically similar to that in temperate zones , except that the seasonable timing of events is different .
the epidemiology in subtropical areas is basically similar to that in temperate [areas] , except that the seasonable timing of events is different .

The epidemiology , at least in temperate zones , is similar to that of Ostertagia in ruminants with seasonal hypobiosis a feature .
the epidemiology , at least in temperate [areas] , is similar to that of ostertagia in ruminants with seasonal hypobiosis a feature .

The screen is divided into zones ( initially ) 10 characters wide .
the screen is divided into [areas] ( initially ) 10 characters wide .

Printing a string followed by a numeric effectively moves the start of the print zones towards the right by the length of the string .
printing a string followed by a numeric effectively moves the start of the print [areas] towards the right by the length of the string .

news on ronny johnsen is that he probably will not be offered a contract with spurs — he was tried out as a central marking defender ( the style most teams play — each central defender marks one attacker ) and as such he was no succes — norway play what we call a zone defence ; ‘ marking ’ their zones instead of players — journalists from Holland were laughing as Norway 's coach Drillo Olsen was asked ‘ who is to mark van Basten ? ’ before our home game against Holland and he answered ‘ No one is ’ — they did not laugh afterwards ( we won 2–1 ) .
news on ronny johnsen is that he probably will not be offered a contract with spurs — he was tried out as a central marking defender ( the style most teams play — each central defender marks one attacker ) and as such he was no succes — norway play what we call a zone defence ; ‘ marking ’ their [areas] instead of players — journalists from holland were laughing as norway 's coach drillo olsen was asked ‘ who is to mark van basten ? ’ before our home game against holland and he answered ‘ no one is ’ — they did not laugh afterwards ( we won 2–1 ) .

From war zones to fish quays , Jo Stanley uncovers the photos of Olive Edis
from war [areas] to fish quays , jo stanley uncovers the photos of olive edis

This produces a sequence of zones of compression and expansion which travel away from the source .
this produces a sequence of [areas] of compression and expansion which travel away from the source .

Two major discontinuities in the variation of the velocity of earthquake waves with depth show that the Earth 's interior can be divided into three zones ; the crust , the mantle and the core .
two major discontinuities in the variation of the velocity of earthquake waves with depth show that the earth 's interior can be divided into three [areas] ; the crust , the mantle and the core .

Far from being randomly distributed , nearly all seismic activity is concentrated in relatively narrow zones .
far from being randomly distributed , nearly all seismic activity is concentrated in relatively narrow [areas] .

Looking in more detail , it is possible to classify seismic activity into four zones .
looking in more detail , it is possible to classify seismic activity into four [areas] .

Subsequently the widths of the linear magnetic zones were related to the duration of each successive epoch of normal and reversed polarity on the assumption that the ocean floor spreads at a constant rate away from mid-oceanic ridges .
subsequently the widths of the linear magnetic [areas] were related to the duration of each successive epoch of normal and reversed polarity on the assumption that the ocean floor spreads at a constant rate away from mid-oceanic ridges .

Detailed mapping of the mid-oceanic ridges , together with magnetic and seismic surveys , had indicated that these were zones of crustal tension where new crust was being extruded from the mantle below .
detailed mapping of the mid-oceanic ridges , together with magnetic and seismic surveys , had indicated that these were [areas] of crustal tension where new crust was being extruded from the mantle below .

Analysis of motions associated with earthquakes generated in the Wadati-Benioff zone suggested that lithosphere was indeed moving downwards into the mantle along what became termed subduction zones .
analysis of motions associated with earthquakes generated in the wadati-benioff zone suggested that lithosphere was indeed moving downwards into the mantle along what became termed subduction [areas] .

Along zones of plate convergence , especially where these occur along the margins — of continents ( such as along the west coast of South America ) , buckling of the oceanic lithosphere causes it to founder and sink into the underlying asthenosphere , thereby forming a subduction zone .
along [areas] of plate convergence , especially where these occur along the margins — of continents ( such as along the west coast of south america ) , buckling of the oceanic lithosphere causes it to founder and sink into the underlying asthenosphere , thereby forming a subduction zone .

Transform boundaries , marked by transform faults , occur both as fracture zones along mid-oceanic ridges and as strike-slip fault zones within continental lithosphere .
transform boundaries , marked by transform faults , occur both as fracture [areas] along mid-oceanic ridges and as strike-slip fault [areas] within continental lithosphere .

Except where subduction zones lie adjacent to mountain belts on continental margins , plate boundaries do not coincide with continental coastlines .
except where subduction [areas] lie adjacent to mountain belts on continental margins , plate boundaries do not coincide with continental coastlines .

Many continental margins are not separated by subduction zones from the divergent boundaries marked by mid-oceanic ridges .
many continental margins are not separated by subduction [areas] from the divergent boundaries marked by mid-oceanic ridges .

This interpretation is supported by the relationship observed between the rate of movement of individual plates and the length of subduction zones along their margins .
this interpretation is supported by the relationship observed between the rate of movement of individual plates and the length of subduction [areas] along their margins .

Those attached to long subduction zones , such as the Pacific Plate , have been moving at comparatively high velocities ( 60–90 mm a- 1 ) , whereas plates lacking extensive subducting boundaries have experienced slower rates of movement ( below 40 mm a-1 ) .
those attached to long subduction [areas] , such as the pacific plate , have been moving at comparatively high velocities ( 60–90 mm a- 1 ) , whereas plates lacking extensive subducting boundaries have experienced slower rates of movement ( below 40 mm a-1 ) .

There are about 20 intra-oceanic island arcs located along subduction zones at the present day , the great majority being found in the western Pacific Ocean ( Fig .
there are about 20 intra-oceanic island arcs located along subduction [areas] at the present day , the great majority being found in the western pacific ocean ( fig .

The fundamental division is into the forearc , volcanic-arc and back-arc zones .
the fundamental division is into the forearc , volcanic-arc and back-arc [areas] .

Distinct morphotectonic zones can be recognized across the orogen along its entire length , although their detailed interpretation is disputed ( Fig .
distinct morphotectonic [areas] can be recognized across the orogen along its entire length , although their detailed interpretation is disputed ( fig .

The hypothesized eastward movement of China towards the Pacific would be expected because the continental lithosphere of Eurasia would provide more resistance to lateral movement than the subduction zones of the western Pacific margin .
the hypothesized eastward movement of china towards the pacific would be expected because the continental lithosphere of eurasia would provide more resistance to lateral movement than the subduction [areas] of the western pacific margin .

We now need to consider margins where the movement is predominantly transform and plates meet along transform faults rather than at subduction zones or along collision boundaries .
we now need to consider margins where the movement is predominantly transform and plates meet along transform faults rather than at subduction [areas] or along collision boundaries .

Very complex patterns of fracture are characteristic of major transform faults and these give rise to local zones of compression and extension over comparatively short distances .
very complex patterns of fracture are characteristic of major transform faults and these give rise to local [areas] of compression and extension over comparatively short distances .

Localized zones of compressional and tensional stress are common along strike-slip faults and they give rise to a number of distinctive landforms .
localized [areas] of compressional and tensional stress are common along strike-slip faults and they give rise to a number of distinctive landforms .

In the zones of convergence , on the other hand , compression generates positive topographic features through the formation of ridges and linear and en echelon scarplets .
in the [areas] of convergence , on the other hand , compression generates positive topographic features through the formation of ridges and linear and en echelon scarplets .

( 1977 ) on suture zones , Molnar and Gray ( 1979 ) on the question of limited continental subduction and Sengor ( 1976 ) on the effects of the irregular configuration of converging continental margins .
( 1977 ) on suture [areas] , molnar and gray ( 1979 ) on the question of limited continental subduction and sengor ( 1976 ) on the effects of the irregular configuration of converging continental margins .

Along mid-oceanic ridges and subduction zones it is often a problem distinguishing between ‘ normal ’ and anomalous volcanism .
along mid-oceanic ridges and subduction [areas] it is often a problem distinguishing between ‘ normal ’ and anomalous volcanism .

The location of rift systems also seems to be closely related to the distribution of ancient structures representing zones of weakness between stable cratons .
the location of rift systems also seems to be closely related to the distribution of ancient structures representing [areas] of weakness between stable cratons .

Some recently active rifts , however , do cut across ancient Precambrian structures , suggesting that the stress pattern initiating rifting , as well as the position of zones of crustal weakness , is important in determining the location and orientation of continental rifts .
some recently active rifts , however , do cut across ancient precambrian structures , suggesting that the stress pattern initiating rifting , as well as the position of [areas] of crustal weakness , is important in determining the location and orientation of continental rifts .

Unless the zones of sub-lithospheric mantle upwelling which precipitate uplift and rifting are in a line , sheared margins will develop along zones of transform plate motion linking offset domal upwarps ( Fig .
unless the [areas] of sub-lithospheric mantle upwelling which precipitate uplift and rifting are in a line , sheared margins will develop along [areas] of transform plate motion linking offset domal upwarps ( fig .

New ocean basins are created which become wider through time but eventually subduction zones will become established , either along previously passive margins , or within ocean basins .
new ocean basins are created which become wider through time but eventually subduction [areas] will become established , either along previously passive margins , or within ocean basins .

This establishment of subduction zones results in a change from continental dispersal to continental aggregation which eventually leads to the reassembly of a large land mass .
this establishment of subduction [areas] results in a change from continental dispersal to continental aggregation which eventually leads to the reassembly of a large land mass .

Rates of volcanic activity through time are especially critical in determining whether intra-plate volcanoes formed in ocean basins ( as opposed to volcanoes associated with subduction zones ) will reach sea level to form a volcanic island , or remain submerged to form a seamount .
rates of volcanic activity through time are especially critical in determining whether intra-plate volcanoes formed in ocean basins ( as opposed to volcanoes associated with subduction [areas] ) will reach sea level to form a volcanic island , or remain submerged to form a seamount .

Processes along continental-margin subduction zones often lead to the formation of massive granite batholiths which play an important part in orogenesis .
processes along continental-margin subduction [areas] often lead to the formation of massive granite batholiths which play an important part in orogenesis .

Capillary suction , together with the force of gravity , therefore influence both the movement and distribution of water in soil and rock , and the interaction of these two factors gives rise to four zones of moisture storage ( Fig .
capillary suction , together with the force of gravity , therefore influence both the movement and distribution of water in soil and rock , and the interaction of these two factors gives rise to four [areas] of moisture storage ( fig .

Although there is a reasonably good correlation between the major climatic and particular weathering zones , the correspondence becomes very weak in more mountainous areas where topographic factors can become predominant .
although there is a reasonably good correlation between the major climatic and particular weathering [areas] , the correspondence becomes very weak in more mountainous areas where topographic factors can become predominant .

It is of particular value where international companies are working in different time zones and the telephone is not always a convenient method of communication .
it is of particular value where international companies are working in different time [areas] and the telephone is not always a convenient method of communication .

Secondly , the geographical zones for which the Census is produced also change between Censuses .
secondly , the geographical [areas] for which the census is produced also change between censuses .

For 1981 there was an ‘ area change file ’ which listed the changes since 1971 , but this was little used , and it is still uncertain whether a similar file will be produced detailing the changes between the zones of 1981 and those of 1991 .
for 1981 there was an ‘ area change file ’ which listed the changes since 1971 , but this was little used , and it is still uncertain whether a similar file will be produced detailing the changes between the [areas] of 1981 and those of 1991 .

The variables and definitions for 1981 will differ from those in 1991 , as described above ; it would obviously be desirable if the 1981 Census sample were organised by the same geographical zones , and the same codings of variables as that for 1991 .
the variables and definitions for 1981 will differ from those in 1991 , as described above ; it would obviously be desirable if the 1981 census sample were organised by the same geographical [areas] , and the same codings of variables as that for 1991 .

What happened on the land depended partly on economic , technical and demographic factors which , allowing for all local peculiarities and lags , operated on the scale of the globe , or at least of large geographical-climatic zones , and on institutional factors ( social , political , legal , etc . )
what happened on the land depended partly on economic , technical and demographic factors which , allowing for all local peculiarities and lags , operated on the scale of the globe , or at least of large geographical-climatic [areas] , and on institutional factors ( social , political , legal , etc . )

Its exact details can hardly be measured , for the official statistics , such as they were then , fail to capture all the movements of men and women within countries or even between states : the rural exodus towards the cities , the migration between regions and from town to town , the crossing of oceans and the penetration of frontier zones , the flux of men and women moving back and forth in ways even more difficult to specify .
its exact details can hardly be measured , for the official statistics , such as they were then , fail to capture all the movements of men and women within countries or even between states : the rural exodus towards the cities , the migration between regions and from town to town , the crossing of oceans and the penetration of frontier [areas] , the flux of men and women moving back and forth in ways even more difficult to specify .

The conference focused on the problem of migratory fish stocks , preyed on by deep sea fleets outside individual countries ' 200-mile exclusive economic zones .
the conference focused on the problem of migratory fish stocks , preyed on by deep sea fleets outside individual countries ' 200-mile exclusive economic [areas] .

It calls for logging on federal lands to be reduced to 25 per cent of late 1980s levels , with buffer zones to be established along salmon spawning streams .
it calls for logging on federal lands to be reduced to 25 per cent of late 1980s levels , with buffer [areas] to be established along salmon spawning streams .

Three per cent of water supply zones failed to meet pesticide standards , compared with 2.8 per cent in 1991 and 2.1 per cent in 1990 .
three per cent of water supply [areas] failed to meet pesticide standards , compared with 2.8 per cent in 1991 and 2.1 per cent in 1990 .

Meeting in the wake of the Braer and Aegean Sea disasters , European Community transport and environment ministers agreed in principle on a range of measures , including : ( i ) establishing exclusion zones for tankers and ships carrying hazardous cargoes ; ( ii ) strengthening port controls and surveillance of shipping lanes ; ( iii ) introducing liability rules on tanker owners and charterers ; and ( iv ) tightening standards on the construction and maintenance of ships .
meeting in the wake of the braer and aegean sea disasters , european community transport and environment ministers agreed in principle on a range of measures , including : ( i ) establishing exclusion [areas] for tankers and ships carrying hazardous cargoes ; ( ii ) strengthening port controls and surveillance of shipping lanes ; ( iii ) introducing liability rules on tanker owners and charterers ; and ( iv ) tightening standards on the construction and maintenance of ships .

Canada , Japan , Russia and the United States have agreed to stop fishing salmon outside their 200-mile fishing zones in the North Pacific in order to preserve stocks .
canada , japan , russia and the united states have agreed to stop fishing salmon outside their 200-mile fishing [areas] in the north pacific in order to preserve stocks .

Under `` resource security `` , unprotected forests will become `` permanent production zones `` .
under `` resource security `` , unprotected forests will become `` permanent production [areas] `` .

Thailand 's two most popular tourist resorts , Phuket and Pattaya , have been declared pollution-control zones under the new Environmental Protection Act which came into force in June .
thailand 's two most popular tourist resorts , phuket and pattaya , have been declared pollution-control [areas] under the new environmental protection act which came into force in june .

An agency spokesman said that with the exception of the tropical zones , depletion of the ozone layer has been occurring at a `` significant `` rate throughout the world .
an agency spokesman said that with the exception of the tropical [areas] , depletion of the ozone layer has been occurring at a `` significant `` rate throughout the world .

The report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for monitoring the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming applications ; and vi ) the application of statutory status to Marine Conservation Areas to protect sensitive zones from the worst effects of fish farming .
the report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for monitoring the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming applications ; and vi ) the application of statutory status to marine conservation areas to protect sensitive [areas] from the worst effects of fish farming .

They abandoned as unrealistic the `` 50 per cent gap reduction `` formula for eleven zones with the most damaged soils , forest and lakes .
they abandoned as unrealistic the `` 50 per cent gap reduction `` formula for eleven [areas] with the most damaged soils , forest and lakes .

Smelting plants which release around 6 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide every year have created huge ecological `` dead zones `` in many countries , with Britain alone losing 400,000 hectares of agricultural land as a result .
smelting plants which release around 6 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide every year have created huge ecological `` dead [areas] `` in many countries , with britain alone losing 400,000 hectares of agricultural land as a result .

The smaller pebbles typically tend to be found in segregated zones running along the length of the beach , the larger ones in different zones or stripes .
the smaller pebbles typically tend to be found in segregated [areas] running along the length of the beach , the larger ones in different [areas] or stripes .

We 've had a decade or more of development corporations and government enterprise zones , and most them seem to have been environmentally brutal .
we 've had a decade or more of development corporations and government enterprise [areas] , and most them seem to have been environmentally brutal .

Even in the most jealously guarded ‘ non-intervention zones ’ , the absence of big predators makes them a shadow of what they were in the past .
even in the most jealously guarded ‘ non-intervention [areas] ’ , the absence of big predators makes them a shadow of what they were in the past .

Examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition application in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the requesting State and the State of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another State 's exclusive economic zone are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing zones ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the Refugee Treaty .
examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition application in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the requesting state and the state of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another state 's exclusive economic zone are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing [areas] ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the refugee treaty .

The Permanent Court of Justice in the Free Zones case gave cautious approval to the view that States could create rights in favour of other States as an exercise of their sovereignty .
the permanent court of justice in the free [areas] case gave cautious approval to the view that states could create rights in favour of other states as an exercise of their sovereignty .

The troops of this period were mainly recruited from the frontier zones , and the thin veneer of ‘ civilization ’ acquired in their army service did little to change them .
the troops of this period were mainly recruited from the frontier [areas] , and the thin veneer of ‘ civilization ’ acquired in their army service did little to change them .

But these would have been mainly in the military zones , such as the example already noted of Hercules and Hesione at Chester .
but these would have been mainly in the military [areas] , such as the example already noted of hercules and hesione at chester .

By selecting Tadchester as one of the new Development Zones the government plans to encourage new industry in the area .
by selecting tadchester as one of the new development [areas] the government plans to encourage new industry in the area .

There will eventually be 10 zones in all , each of them designated in an area of particularly high unemployment .
there will eventually be 10 [areas] in all , each of them designated in an area of particularly high unemployment .

To work out the price for any service , first find the Price Zone for the destination country in the Country Pricing Zones table .
to work out the price for any service , first find the price zone for the destination country in the country pricing [areas] table .

The Act also provides the setting up of duty-free zones and perhaps for our present purpose it is sufficient to say that companies established in a duty-free zone are treated in every way as if they were established outside of the borders of the Hungarian Republic .
the act also provides the setting up of duty-free [areas] and perhaps for our present purpose it is sufficient to say that companies established in a duty-free zone are treated in every way as if they were established outside of the borders of the hungarian republic .

Natural mating occurs , in temperate zones , when the days are shortening ; supposedly this results in the kids being born , five months later into a supportive spring environment .
natural mating occurs , in temperate [areas] , when the days are shortening ; supposedly this results in the kids being born , five months later into a supportive spring environment .

As the lambs become stronger and more mobile they can move freely in and out of defined heat zones , taking warmth as and when it is needed .
as the lambs become stronger and more mobile they can move freely in and out of defined heat [areas] , taking warmth as and when it is needed .

For manufactured goods , Malaysia has relied heavily on attracting foreigners to its Export processing Zones ( see below ) and letting them fight it out in the exports markets with the minimum of intervention .
for manufactured goods , malaysia has relied heavily on attracting foreigners to its export processing [areas] ( see below ) and letting them fight it out in the exports markets with the minimum of intervention .

Export processing zones
export processing [areas]

The family practitioner committee was unwilling to disclose the size of individual practices and so , to preserve anonymity , practices were grouped into nine geographical zones and their referrals represented as rates per zone .
the family practitioner committee was unwilling to disclose the size of individual practices and so , to preserve anonymity , practices were grouped into nine geographical [areas] and their referrals represented as rates per zone .

Many patients from eight practices in two of the zones were referred for examination to an adjacent district because radiology facilities were nearer .
many patients from eight practices in two of the [areas] were referred for examination to an adjacent district because radiology facilities were nearer .

The narrow range of referral rates after the guidelines for six of the seven zones ( 69.2–81.9/1000 registered patients ) suggests an appropriate target referral rate of below 75/1000 registered patients a year .
the narrow range of referral rates after the guidelines for six of the seven [areas] ( 69.2–81.9/1000 registered patients ) suggests an appropriate target referral rate of below 75/1000 registered patients a year .

Another key area of preparation is in the creation of ‘ stability zones ’ — constants in one 's life which it is important to maintain .
another key area of preparation is in the creation of ‘ stability [areas] ’ — constants in one 's life which it is important to maintain .

They work predominantly in industries such as food-processing , clothing and textiles and in the multinational assembly plants in the industrial free zones .
they work predominantly in industries such as food-processing , clothing and textiles and in the multinational assembly plants in the industrial free [areas] .

Many are directly helping the controlled zones with food and clothing .
many are directly helping the controlled [areas] with food and clothing .

In the free industrial zones , trade unions were unofficially banned and the government refused to recognize the unions that were formed , although they fulfilled the legal requirements .
in the free industrial [areas] , trade unions were unofficially banned and the government refused to recognize the unions that were formed , although they fulfilled the legal requirements .

Mexico City , October 1982 Although the organization , in common with so many , has been forced underground , it is still secretly very active in channelling supplies to the controlled zones , where some members have now gone to work .
mexico city , october 1982 although the organization , in common with so many , has been forced underground , it is still secretly very active in channelling supplies to the controlled [areas] , where some members have now gone to work .

14 Women in the Controlled Zones
14 women in the controlled [areas]

The largest controlled zones are found in the north of Chalatenango Department on the border with Honduras where some 45,000 Salvadoreans live , about one-quarter of the total population of the department , and in Morazan on the north-eastern border with some 40,000 Salvadoreans .
the largest controlled [areas] are found in the north of chalatenango department on the border with honduras where some 45,000 salvadoreans live , about one-quarter of the total population of the department , and in morazan on the north-eastern border with some 40,000 salvadoreans .

Land is often not very fertile in the controlled zones and there is always the problem of military incursions or air raids .
land is often not very fertile in the controlled [areas] and there is always the problem of military incursions or air raids .

There is a working distribution network between the zones and supplies are exchanged .
there is a working distribution network between the [areas] and supplies are exchanged .

In some areas , fishing cooperatives or honey production have been organized and all the zones have established a variety of small artisanal industries run as cooperatives .
in some areas , fishing cooperatives or honey production have been organized and all the [areas] have established a variety of small artisanal industries run as cooperatives .

Women in the Controlled Zones
women in the controlled [areas]

The organization of women in the controlled zones varies considerably depending on the region : either one of the women 's organizations has taken on the task or there may be a women 's committee of the Popular Power Council .
the organization of women in the controlled [areas] varies considerably depending on the region : either one of the women 's organizations has taken on the task or there may be a women 's committee of the popular power council .

Women are doing what they can in the controlled zones — this means anything from making tortillas and looking after the kids to political and military work .
women are doing what they can in the controlled [areas] — this means anything from making tortillas and looking after the kids to political and military work .

There are many difficulties in getting supplies through to the zones and priority is given to medicines , not to contraceptives , Campesina combatants are generally opposed to using contraceptives for religious reasons and while women from urban areas may wish to adopt some form of birth control , it is not always available :
there are many difficulties in getting supplies through to the [areas] and priority is given to medicines , not to contraceptives , campesina combatants are generally opposed to using contraceptives for religious reasons and while women from urban areas may wish to adopt some form of birth control , it is not always available :

In some zones , there is no family planning available , nor much sexual education to tell the truth .
in some [areas] , there is no family planning available , nor much sexual education to tell the truth .

Claribel , Managua , May 1983 In some zones , abortion facilities are made available to women combatants :
claribel , managua , may 1983 in some [areas] , abortion facilities are made available to women combatants :

Others , who have experienced life in the controlled zones or are members of one of the mass organizations , express wider expectations .
others , who have experienced life in the controlled [areas] or are members of one of the mass organizations , express wider expectations .

In most insects , however , the greater part of the cuticle undergoes a process of sclerotization whereby it becomes hardened and darkened to form more or less tough , rigid sclerites separated from each other by membranous zones of unchanged soft cuticle .
in most insects , however , the greater part of the cuticle undergoes a process of sclerotization whereby it becomes hardened and darkened to form more or less tough , rigid sclerites separated from each other by membranous [areas] of unchanged soft cuticle .

Each lobe consists of three principal zones or tracts of nerve tissues which are connected by a similar number of layers of nerve fibres ( Figs .
each lobe consists of three principal [areas] or tracts of nerve tissues which are connected by a similar number of layers of nerve fibres ( figs .

The synaptic zones are without glial processes , the participating axon branches or dendrites are separated by a synaptic cleft about 20 nm wide , and the presynaptic knob contains mitochondria , glycogen granules and vesicles .
the synaptic [areas] are without glial processes , the participating axon branches or dendrites are separated by a synaptic cleft about 20 nm wide , and the presynaptic knob contains mitochondria , glycogen granules and vesicles .

City states like Hong Kong and Singapore revive , extraterritorial ‘ industrial zones ’ multiply inside technically sovereign nation-states like Hanseatic Steelyards , and so do offshore tax-havens in otherwise valueless islands whose only function is , precisely , to remove economic transactions from the control of nation-states .
city states like hong kong and singapore revive , extraterritorial ‘ industrial [areas] ’ multiply inside technically sovereign nation-states like hanseatic steelyards , and so do offshore tax-havens in otherwise valueless islands whose only function is , precisely , to remove economic transactions from the control of nation-states .

Position papers continued to be drafted in the State Department in 1944–45 with preference being expressed for a unified administration in Korea as part of the trusteeship rather than the creation of military zones .
position papers continued to be drafted in the state department in 1944–45 with preference being expressed for a unified administration in korea as part of the trusteeship rather than the creation of military [areas] .

According to Lincoln 's recollection subsequently , he glanced at a map in his office and decided within ten seconds that the 38th parallel was the correct demarcation line between the zones of American and Soviet occupation .
according to lincoln 's recollection subsequently , he glanced at a map in his office and decided within ten seconds that the 38th parallel was the correct demarcation line between the [areas] of american and soviet occupation .

American-Soviet agreement on respective zones in Korea was attained through acceptance of the 38th parallel as the dividing line between the Soviet-controlled area to the north and the American-controlled area to the south .
american-soviet agreement on respective [areas] in korea was attained through acceptance of the 38th parallel as the dividing line between the soviet-controlled area to the north and the american-controlled area to the south .

Analysis of this process can best be done by dividing urban areas into their functional zones .
analysis of this process can best be done by dividing urban areas into their functional [areas] .

Migration was the vital component of population redistribution between urban zones ( figure 3.6 ) .
migration was the vital component of population redistribution between urban [areas] ( figure 3.6 ) .

In aggregate , substantial gross flows occurred between all zones , although an inflow to an individual ring was not necessarily from its own core or outer ring .
in aggregate , substantial gross flows occurred between all [areas] , although an inflow to an individual ring was not necessarily from its own core or outer ring .

Primary care development zones
primary care development [areas]

Could Tomlinson inspired ‘ development zones ’ for primary care provide a fast track for improvement ?
could tomlinson inspired ‘ development [areas] ’ for primary care provide a fast track for improvement ?

Within all the barren beauty of Dartmoor , Bodmin Moor and contrasting tourists ' yellow sand beaches , Cornwall supports three Military Air Traffic Zones in its south west tip , and an area of intense aerial activity of 2600 square miles from the surface to 5800 feet .
within all the barren beauty of dartmoor , bodmin moor and contrasting tourists ' yellow sand beaches , cornwall supports three military air traffic [areas] in its south west tip , and an area of intense aerial activity of 2600 square miles from the surface to 5800 feet .

The effect is not dissimilar to that of seeing a major city from the air : zones and landmarks become topographically clear ; boundaries and scale are established .
the effect is not dissimilar to that of seeing a major city from the air : [areas] and landmarks become topographically clear ; boundaries and scale are established .

The aims of sexual activity may focus on any of the erotogenic zones , that is , those parts of the skin , or those organs of the body , the stimulation of which produces sensual pleasure .
the aims of sexual activity may focus on any of the erotogenic [areas] , that is , those parts of the skin , or those organs of the body , the stimulation of which produces sensual pleasure .

Not only can various parts of the body be erogenous zones , but other objects can become symbolic substitutes for the genitals , such as a shoe .
not only can various parts of the body be erogenous [areas] , but other objects can become symbolic substitutes for the genitals , such as a shoe .

The movement of air masses and pressure zones globally are beamed to the science department of Thomas Lord Audley School , Colchester .
the movement of air masses and pressure [areas] globally are beamed to the science department of thomas lord audley school , colchester .

Kilmelford — porphyritic , calc-alkaline granodiorite intrusions of Caledonian age with zones of hydrothermal alteration , brecciation and disseminated sulphides .
kilmelford — porphyritic , calc-alkaline granodiorite intrusions of caledonian age with [areas] of hydrothermal alteration , brecciation and disseminated sulphides .

Areas of extensive hydrothermal alteration in high level intrusives of the west and central Scottish granites have been investigated for gold mineralisation especially in , or near , shear zones .
areas of extensive hydrothermal alteration in high level intrusives of the west and central scottish granites have been investigated for gold mineralisation especially in , or near , shear [areas] .

This small Caledonian gabbroic intrusion contains ilmenite- and titanomagnetite-enriched zones in part of an east-west trending complex close to the contact with an earlier acid granophyre body .
this small caledonian gabbroic intrusion contains ilmenite- and titanomagnetite-enriched [areas] in part of an east-west trending complex close to the contact with an earlier acid granophyre body .

General information on using the telephone including identification , dates , standard telephone vocabulary , time zones , dialling procedures , emergency phrases , directory enquiries etc .
general information on using the telephone including identification , dates , standard telephone vocabulary , time [areas] , dialling procedures , emergency phrases , directory enquiries etc .

Drilled from the subsea manifold of Don North East by the drilling rig Sedco 700 , the original well passed through two faulted zones before reaching total depth of 18,155ft .
drilled from the subsea manifold of don north east by the drilling rig sedco 700 , the original well passed through two faulted [areas] before reaching total depth of 18,155ft .

The Government and senior police officers have so far resisted calls for a ‘ ring of steel ’ , Belfast-style protection , with closed circuit television , control zones , and very restricted access .
the government and senior police officers have so far resisted calls for a ‘ ring of steel ’ , belfast-style protection , with closed circuit television , control [areas] , and very restricted access .

It has an eye , and around that eye are the circular flows of the seasons , moving very slowly in a number of distinct zones .
it has an eye , and around that eye are the circular flows of the seasons , moving very slowly in a number of distinct [areas] .

Tallis mounted Swimmer of Lakes and returned to the south , kicking the horse , challenging it , urging it to run faster through the night , back towards the swirling zones of seasons .
tallis mounted swimmer of lakes and returned to the south , kicking the horse , challenging it , urging it to run faster through the night , back towards the swirling [areas] of seasons .

We spend half our lives searching each other 's bottoms for erogenous zones , while all the time there are two dirty great big ones lurking inside our socks .
we spend half our lives searching each other 's bottoms for erogenous [areas] , while all the time there are two dirty great big ones lurking inside our socks .

Reverting to my opening discussion of the evolution of the ego and superego , we can readily see the importance of these stages and we can understand why it is that the sexual drive should lend itself to such apparently irrelevant associations as the oral and anal zones .
reverting to my opening discussion of the evolution of the ego and superego , we can readily see the importance of these stages and we can understand why it is that the sexual drive should lend itself to such apparently irrelevant associations as the oral and anal [areas] .

Behind them the dominions of Russia marched eastward through eleven time zones to the borders of China .
behind them the dominions of russia marched eastward through eleven time [areas] to the borders of china .

As my own research shows , local purchases in the export-oriented zones in Egypt , Mexico and China are very much less than in Ireland , perhaps in the region of 1 or 2 per cent ( Sklair , 1988c , 1989 , pp.197–202 , forthcoming ) .
as my own research shows , local purchases in the export-oriented [areas] in egypt , mexico and china are very much less than in ireland , perhaps in the region of 1 or 2 per cent ( sklair , 1988c , 1989 , pp.197–202 , forthcoming ) .

The Rome Plan of 1963 , revised in the Mexico City Plan of 1967 , divided the world into thirty-four communications zones .
the rome plan of 1963 , revised in the mexico city plan of 1967 , divided the world into thirty-four communications [areas] .

The fact that Europe was split into ten zones reflects the politics of the global system rather than its technology , and suggests that ‘ the world is not shrinking everywhere like a deflated balloon , but very irregularly , more like a dried apple , furrowed and distorted ’ ( Cherry , 1978 , p.135 ) .
the fact that europe was split into ten [areas] reflects the politics of the global system rather than its technology , and suggests that ‘ the world is not shrinking everywhere like a deflated balloon , but very irregularly , more like a dried apple , furrowed and distorted ’ ( cherry , 1978 , p.135 ) .

My own studies of export oriented zones in China ( Sklair , forthcoming ) , Egypt ( 1988c ) , Mexico ( 1989 ) , and Ireland ( 1988b ) , suggest that backward and forward linkages tend to be very meagre , and these cases may be rather more typical of the Third World as a whole than the relatively highly developed enclave , Singapore .
my own studies of export oriented [areas] in china ( sklair , forthcoming ) , egypt ( 1988c ) , mexico ( 1989 ) , and ireland ( 1988b ) , suggest that backward and forward linkages tend to be very meagre , and these cases may be rather more typical of the third world as a whole than the relatively highly developed enclave , singapore .

At the other extreme there are others , for example in export processing zones , in which minimum wages are suspended , unions are forbidden and benefits , job security and conditions of work are very poor by any standards .
at the other extreme there are others , for example in export processing [areas] , in which minimum wages are suspended , unions are forbidden and benefits , job security and conditions of work are very poor by any standards .

It is well known , for example , that in many export oriented zones around the world most of the employees are women , often in the 16 to 24 years old , unmarried group .
it is well known , for example , that in many export oriented [areas] around the world most of the employees are women , often in the 16 to 24 years old , unmarried group .

Clinical severity scores — The body was divided into 10 zones : face , neck , abdomen , back , elbows , antecubital fossae , dorsa of hands , palms and wrists , popliteal fossae , and feet .
clinical severity scores — the body was divided into 10 [areas] : face , neck , abdomen , back , elbows , antecubital fossae , dorsa of hands , palms and wrists , popliteal fossae , and feet .

In addition glands have aberrant proliferative control evidenced by the observation of the characteristic extended or abnormal proliferative zones associated with increased growth factor expression .
in addition glands have aberrant proliferative control evidenced by the observation of the characteristic extended or abnormal proliferative [areas] associated with increased growth factor expression .

‘ This wooden bridge is the only link between the two wooded zones , ’ recited Waters .
‘ this wooden bridge is the only link between the two wooded [areas] , ’ recited waters .

‘ The wooded zones are known as the Wood — ’ he waved his light wand — ‘ to the north of the stream and , to the south and west of this building , the Orchard .
‘ the wooded [areas] are known as the wood — ’ he waved his light wand — ‘ to the north of the stream and , to the south and west of this building , the orchard .

‘ The Wood and The Orchard are today 's combat zones . ’
‘ the wood and the orchard are today 's combat [areas] . ’

Udet had listed the permitted zones and heights for the day , and his path was relatively simple .
udet had listed the permitted [areas] and heights for the day , and his path was relatively simple .

Having a dual occupation was the typical way of life in many parts of the country , particularly in pastoral zones where farming did not require constant application .
having a dual occupation was the typical way of life in many parts of the country , particularly in pastoral [areas] where farming did not require constant application .

One must , of course , always stress the human factor and beware the danger of geographical determinism ; nevertheless , it is revealing to find that 86 per cent of estate villages in Kent had no Dissenting chapel , but that such places of worship were common in the scattered settlements of former forest or wood-pasture zones .
one must , of course , always stress the human factor and beware the danger of geographical determinism ; nevertheless , it is revealing to find that 86 per cent of estate villages in kent had no dissenting chapel , but that such places of worship were common in the scattered settlements of former forest or wood-pasture [areas] .

In the first wave , Freud said , a child goes through a series of phases centring on various erogenous or erotogenic zones of the child 's body .
in the first wave , freud said , a child goes through a series of phases centring on various erogenous or erotogenic [areas] of the child 's body .

Enterprise Zones .
enterprise [areas] .

Enterprise zones .
enterprise [areas] .

Many former rebels were expected to remain within two government development zones covering 25,000 sq km in the south region bordering the San Juan River , to be policed by 300 armed former contras .
many former rebels were expected to remain within two government development [areas] covering 25,000 sq km in the south region bordering the san juan river , to be policed by 300 armed former contras .

Chemical plants in another town , Copsa Mica , 240 km north-west of Bucharest , had turned the area into one of the worst ecological disaster zones in Europe , and the ecological groups highlighted the health hazards caused by such extensive and unregulated pollution .
chemical plants in another town , copsa mica , 240 km north-west of bucharest , had turned the area into one of the worst ecological disaster [areas] in europe , and the ecological groups highlighted the health hazards caused by such extensive and unregulated pollution .

In return the government promised to police the five security zones inside which an estimated 13,000 contras had congregated , in line with an April agreement [ see pp .
in return the government promised to police the five security [areas] inside which an estimated 13,000 contras had congregated , in line with an april agreement [ see pp .

The programme , spread over three years , would provide grants to make houses available to the poor , aid the homeless , extend low income housing , and create 50 enterprise zones in distressed areas .
the programme , spread over three years , would provide grants to make houses available to the poor , aid the homeless , extend low income housing , and create 50 enterprise [areas] in distressed areas .

In August it was decided to establish tariff-free economic zones in Vyborg ( specializing in science and industry ) , Nakhodka ( raw materials and fish products ) and Novgorod ( tourism and video equipment ) .
in august it was decided to establish tariff-free economic [areas] in vyborg ( specializing in science and industry ) , nakhodka ( raw materials and fish products ) and novgorod ( tourism and video equipment ) .

There was little doubt that when this liberalization took effect there would be a rush for places in the Chinese `` special economic zones `` where Taiwan 's major problems of high labour costs and the limited availability of land did not exist .
there was little doubt that when this liberalization took effect there would be a rush for places in the chinese `` special economic [areas] `` where taiwan 's major problems of high labour costs and the limited availability of land did not exist .

Sandinista leaders , headed by Ortega , did not participate in the discussions , but nevertheless welcomed the agreement , which also called for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire and the grouping of the estimated 3,000 contras inside Nicaragua in UN-supervised security zones before being disarmed .
sandinista leaders , headed by ortega , did not participate in the discussions , but nevertheless welcomed the agreement , which also called for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire and the grouping of the estimated 3,000 contras inside nicaragua in un-supervised security [areas] before being disarmed .

By December 1988 two zones had been announced based at Chhukha and Demphu .
by december 1988 two [areas] had been announced based at chhukha and demphu .

It provided for ( i ) a provisional 60-day ceasefire and the restriction of contra forces to designated zones ; ( ii ) high-level negotiations on democratic reforms and a permanent ceasefire ; and ( iii ) certain concessions by the Nicaraguan government including an amnesty .
it provided for ( i ) a provisional 60-day ceasefire and the restriction of contra forces to designated [areas] ; ( ii ) high-level negotiations on democratic reforms and a permanent ceasefire ; and ( iii ) certain concessions by the nicaraguan government including an amnesty .

On Dec. 4 , 1989 , Hanoi radio announced that as part of the nation 's anti-crime campaign , " all provinces , cities and special zones " throughout the country had begun to suppress vigorously all types of crimes by encouraging " the masses to participate in maintaining social order and security " [ see p. 36697 for reports of increased crime levels during 1988 ] .
on dec. 4 , 1989 , hanoi radio announced that as part of the nation 's anti-crime campaign , " all provinces , cities and special [areas] " throughout the country had begun to suppress vigorously all types of crimes by encouraging " the masses to participate in maintaining social order and security " [ see p. 36697 for reports of increased crime levels during 1988 ] .

With limited access to war zones by `` outside reporters `` , propaganda broadcast by the Khmers Rouges did much to obscure the true extent of rebel victories .
with limited access to war [areas] by `` outside reporters `` , propaganda broadcast by the khmers rouges did much to obscure the true extent of rebel victories .

Britain and the United States pursued separate policies in their respective occupation zones in Germany .
britain and the united states pursued separate policies in their respective occupation [areas] in germany .

In that debate they were powerfully assisted by the shock effects of the communist takeover in Czechoslovakia in February 1948 and by the Soviet blockade of the Western zones in Berlin from the summer of 1948 .
in that debate they were powerfully assisted by the shock effects of the communist takeover in czechoslovakia in february 1948 and by the soviet blockade of the western [areas] in berlin from the summer of 1948 .

Despite the relative tranquillity of Siberia and the European north , coping with the frontier zones as a whole significantly reduced the imperial regime 's capacity for taking decisive action in international affairs .
despite the relative tranquillity of siberia and the european north , coping with the frontier [areas] as a whole significantly reduced the imperial regime 's capacity for taking decisive action in international affairs .

The General Statute was perplexing enough , but the local statutes not only divided the empire west of the Urals into four broad areas — Russia , Ukraine east of the Dnieper , Ukraine west of the Dnieper , and the north-western provinces ( although even this is an over-simplification ) — but also subdivided the four areas into zones ( by type and profitability of economic activity ) .
the general statute was perplexing enough , but the local statutes not only divided the empire west of the urals into four broad areas — russia , ukraine east of the dnieper , ukraine west of the dnieper , and the north-western provinces ( although even this is an over-simplification ) — but also subdivided the four areas into [areas] ( by type and profitability of economic activity ) .

Until the seventeenth century many , even most , European frontiers were very vague , zones in which the claims and jurisdictions of different rulers and their subjects overlapped and intersected in a complex and confusing way .
until the seventeenth century many , even most , european frontiers were very vague , [areas] in which the claims and jurisdictions of different rulers and their subjects overlapped and intersected in a complex and confusing way .

Thus if we trace the zones of the Lower Lias ( as it is called ) from the Dorset `` basin `` to the Mendip `` axis `` , we find that 11 of the 12 zones thin as they ought ( figure 3.3 ) with no signs of any breaks in the succession , but the twelfth actually thickens markedly !
thus if we trace the [areas] of the lower lias ( as it is called ) from the dorset `` basin `` to the mendip `` axis `` , we find that 11 of the 12 [areas] thin as they ought ( figure 3.3 ) with no signs of any breaks in the succession , but the twelfth actually thickens markedly !

Also it must he said that Jurassic zones , which are the best known , are now being recognised on something approaching a world-wide scale .
also it must he said that jurassic [areas] , which are the best known , are now being recognised on something approaching a world-wide scale .

Meanwhile , back in the Ordovician , following on the stable episode , there were clearly major plate collisions , with the formation of oceanic trenches , Benioff zones and volcanic island arcs .
meanwhile , back in the ordovician , following on the stable episode , there were clearly major plate collisions , with the formation of oceanic trenches , benioff [areas] and volcanic island arcs .

Certainly there are some little puffs of pillow-lavas and associated rocks of this age which may represent subduction zones going down under southern Britain , the Rheinisches Schiefergebirge and the Harz on one side and under Armorica and the Vosges On the other .
certainly there are some little puffs of pillow-lavas and associated rocks of this age which may represent subduction [areas] going down under southern britain , the rheinisches schiefergebirge and the harz on one side and under armorica and the vosges on the other .

It separated Benioff zones that were dipping and consuming oceanic crust in opposite directions , as in the south-west Pacific trench system at the present day .
it separated benioff [areas] that were dipping and consuming oceanic crust in opposite directions , as in the south-west pacific trench system at the present day .

Several questions require specific treatment : what distinct zones existed within the sites and how were they used ?
several questions require specific treatment : what distinct [areas] existed within the sites and how were they used ?

Importance has also been attached to the nature of the defended area , whether ‘ urban-core ’ or ‘ strongpoint ’ , and its relationship to the intra- and extra-mural zones so created .
importance has also been attached to the nature of the defended area , whether ‘ urban-core ’ or ‘ strongpoint ’ , and its relationship to the intra- and extra-mural [areas] so created .

This apparently had little impact on the extent of these intra- and extra-mural zones , though it may have encouraged the enhanced development of the central area in the third and fourth centuries .
this apparently had little impact on the extent of these intra- and extra-mural [areas] , though it may have encouraged the enhanced development of the central area in the third and fourth centuries .

These advances have not been accompanied , however , by any excavations within the defended enclosure , most work being confined to small areas in the extra-mural zones .
these advances have not been accompanied , however , by any excavations within the defended enclosure , most work being confined to small areas in the extra-mural [areas] .

South of the river , above the flood plain , numerous side-streets and lanes run both obliquely and at right angles to the frontages , serving further densely occupied zones within the defended area which enclosed 18 ha ( 44 acres ) . Unfortunately their relative chronology remains uncertain , but many are linked by cross-streets which perhaps suggest three or possibly four broad stages of growth :
south of the river , above the flood plain , numerous side-streets and lanes run both obliquely and at right angles to the frontages , serving further densely occupied [areas] within the defended area which enclosed 18 ha ( 44 acres ) . unfortunately their relative chronology remains uncertain , but many are linked by cross-streets which perhaps suggest three or possibly four broad stages of growth :

Outside the defences , interesting contrasts emerge in the extra-mural zones south of the river .
outside the defences , interesting contrasts emerge in the extra-mural [areas] south of the river .

The fourth-century history of the town is somewhat unclear on current evidence , especially inside the defences , but some clues are available for the extra-mural zones .
the fourth-century history of the town is somewhat unclear on current evidence , especially inside the defences , but some clues are available for the extra-mural [areas] .

Cumulatively this evidence points to later fourth-century decline in the extra-mural zones , but this is unlikely to be true of the defended area .
cumulatively this evidence points to later fourth-century decline in the extra-mural [areas] , but this is unlikely to be true of the defended area .

With the roots came dreams of the creation of liberated zones , embracing the generation briefly flirting with peace , the new libertarian-oriented politicos , and , crucially , people doing what the period was supposed to be about , having a good time .
with the roots came dreams of the creation of liberated [areas] , embracing the generation briefly flirting with peace , the new libertarian-oriented politicos , and , crucially , people doing what the period was supposed to be about , having a good time .

More reference material is to be found in the 1991 Almanac which gives useful charts and lists of celestial events , units of weights , holidays , world time zones and so on .
more reference material is to be found in the 1991 almanac which gives useful charts and lists of celestial events , units of weights , holidays , world time [areas] and so on .

They are shutting off 35 roads in Handsworth , Birmingham , to create 28 ‘ public safety zones ’ for the event which is expected to attract 500,000 visitors .
they are shutting off 35 roads in handsworth , birmingham , to create 28 ‘ public safety [areas] ’ for the event which is expected to attract 500,000 visitors .

One proposal , in the works for the past two years but delayed by the change in administration , would deal with coastal ocean zones .
one proposal , in the works for the past two years but delayed by the change in administration , would deal with coastal ocean [areas] .

Chemical and isotope studies of the magmas erupted along island arcs that occur above subduction zones subsequently established that sediment can be subducted to depths of at least 100 km .
chemical and isotope studies of the magmas erupted along island arcs that occur above subduction [areas] subsequently established that sediment can be subducted to depths of at least 100 km .

Indeed , in last week 's issue , Plank and Langmuir showed that there are global correlations between the flux of sediment into subduction zones and the composition of magmas erupted from the associated volcanoes .
indeed , in last week 's issue , plank and langmuir showed that there are global correlations between the flux of sediment into subduction [areas] and the composition of magmas erupted from the associated volcanoes .

The additional command needed to specify that areas with a negative data value be excluded and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of zones in each class is :
the additional command needed to specify that areas with a negative data value be excluded and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of [areas] in each class is :

We will discuss shortly the social significance which the Chicago urban sociologists attached to the these zones .
we will discuss shortly the social significance which the chicago urban sociologists attached to the these [areas] .

They were equating ( and as Saunders points out this was later to lead to confusion ) Mead 's concern with the relations between self and society , with these relations as they were being constructed in specific geographical contexts such as Chicago or one of Chicago 's zones .
they were equating ( and as saunders points out this was later to lead to confusion ) mead 's concern with the relations between self and society , with these relations as they were being constructed in specific geographical contexts such as chicago or one of chicago 's [areas] .

The biotic and expressive orders help explain why people suffer from ontological insecurity , and why ( and how ) they attempt to create zones of relative autonomy .
the biotic and expressive orders help explain why people suffer from ontological insecurity , and why ( and how ) they attempt to create [areas] of relative autonomy .

It is replete with prospects for ‘ escape attempts ’ ; zones of autonomy and self-expression separate from employment and not regulated by state authority .
it is replete with prospects for ‘ escape attempts ’ ; [areas] of autonomy and self-expression separate from employment and not regulated by state authority .

The sequestration of activities into distinct regions and zones is a key means by which control can be maintained and resources allocated .
the sequestration of activities into distinct regions and [areas] is a key means by which control can be maintained and resources allocated .

And one of their main components was human excrement , since few houses have toilets in the poorer zones .
and one of their main components was human excrement , since few houses have toilets in the poorer [areas] .

Free trade zones
free trade [areas]

The Soviet Union has announced plans to set up what it calls ‘ Special Economic Zones ’ similar to those created in China .
the soviet union has announced plans to set up what it calls ‘ special economic [areas] ’ similar to those created in china .

According to the State Planning Committee , these zones will aim to attract joint ventures and Western companies with concessions such as long-term leases , low rents , tax concessions , low service costs and customs duties .
according to the state planning committee , these [areas] will aim to attract joint ventures and western companies with concessions such as long-term leases , low rents , tax concessions , low service costs and customs duties .

The first two zones are planned for Vyborg , north of Leningrad , and Nakhodka , the principal foreign trade port of the Soviet Far East .
the first two [areas] are planned for vyborg , north of leningrad , and nakhodka , the principal foreign trade port of the soviet far east .

This is the biggest religious celebration in the wealthy zones .
this is the biggest religious celebration in the wealthy [areas] .

From a single small temple opened in 1976 , it now operates in 33 zones .
from a single small temple opened in 1976 , it now operates in 33 [areas] .

Earth 's richer zones have erred by forcing others to pay for their religion .
earth 's richer [areas] have erred by forcing others to pay for their religion .

For example , rich zones which long ago destroyed their own glorious estate , now claim the poor world 's tropical kingdom as a legacy for all .
for example , rich [areas] which long ago destroyed their own glorious estate , now claim the poor world 's tropical kingdom as a legacy for all .

The ‘ beware ’ is aimed most urgently at women , the chosen workforce of the multinational corporations who have begun setting up shop in Western ‘ enterprise zones ’ .
the ‘ beware ’ is aimed most urgently at women , the chosen workforce of the multinational corporations who have begun setting up shop in western ‘ enterprise [areas] ’ .

And the warning comes from other women — in countries like Sri Lanka and Malaysia — who have seen it all before in their own free-trade zones .
and the warning comes from other women — in countries like sri lanka and malaysia — who have seen it all before in their own free-trade [areas] .

Third World governments , mainly in Asia and Latin America , established free trade zones employing thousands of young women workers to attract foreign capital investment .
third world governments , mainly in asia and latin america , established free trade [areas] employing thousands of young women workers to attract foreign capital investment .

The Minister obviously does not know his head from his Kazakhstan . Given the need to rid the world of nuclear weapons , is not this a wonderful opportunity to approach the republics , particularly those that want to declare themselves nuclear-free zones — something that used to be sneered at by Conservative Members — in order to eliminate those weapons from the world ? Should not the Government grasp that opportunity ?
the minister obviously does not know his head from his kazakhstan . given the need to rid the world of nuclear weapons , is not this a wonderful opportunity to approach the republics , particularly those that want to declare themselves nuclear-free [areas] — something that used to be sneered at by conservative members — in order to eliminate those weapons from the world ? should not the government grasp that opportunity ?

Since the Government came to power , my Pendle constituency has gained two new enterprise zones which are bursting at the seams , one new motorway and a brand new community hospital .
since the government came to power , my pendle constituency has gained two new enterprise [areas] which are bursting at the seams , one new motorway and a brand new community hospital .

For example , we have been thankful for the improvement in the quality of our air with the development of clean air zones , but we must not be complacent .
for example , we have been thankful for the improvement in the quality of our air with the development of clean air [areas] , but we must not be complacent .

The world is divided into a number of zones of wealth surrounded by vast hinterlands of poverty .
the world is divided into a number of [areas] of wealth surrounded by vast hinterlands of poverty .

If an animal moves a millimetre out of the state park zones , it 's dead .
if an animal moves a millimetre out of the state park [areas] , it 's dead .

One of the earliest attempts to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of Stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant zones and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( Fig. 3.9 ) : Also , using graphic techniques , Schlee , Uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to distinguish beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .
one of the earliest attempts to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant [areas] and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( fig. 3.9 ) : also , using graphic techniques , schlee , uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to distinguish beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .

These relatively thick slices give good mechanical rigidity and wide zones of waste for first face lapping and final finishing , so that the completed section is made from that part of the slice unaffected by saw damage .
these relatively thick slices give good mechanical rigidity and wide [areas] of waste for first face lapping and final finishing , so that the completed section is made from that part of the slice unaffected by saw damage .

The origin of the pore fluids , whether marine or meteoric ( or fresh ) , also controls the diagenetic reactions which take place within these zones ( Sections 5.3.3 , 5.3.4 and 5.3.5 ) .
the origin of the pore fluids , whether marine or meteoric ( or fresh ) , also controls the diagenetic reactions which take place within these [areas] ( sections 5.3.3 , 5.3.4 and 5.3.5 ) .

Because stylolites and solution seams are zones of preferential solution within a sediment , small fragments of less soluble minerals tend to accumulate along the solution seam .
because stylolites and solution seams are [areas] of preferential solution within a sediment , small fragments of less soluble minerals tend to accumulate along the solution seam .

5.36a ) , as are zones of less stable mineralogies ( e.g .
5.36a ) , as are [areas] of less stable mineralogies ( e.g .

So far , quantitative measurements have mainly been done in order to discover the nature of the emitting centres , but there is considerable scope for using emission spectra from different growth zones in crystals as ‘ fingerprints ’ in establishing carbonate cement stratigraphies ( see below ) on a more certain and detailed basis .
so far , quantitative measurements have mainly been done in order to discover the nature of the emitting centres , but there is considerable scope for using emission spectra from different growth [areas] in crystals as ‘ fingerprints ’ in establishing carbonate cement stratigraphies ( see below ) on a more certain and detailed basis .

It suggests zones are well defined — which they rarely are .
it suggests [areas] are well defined — which they rarely are .

These zones may be made up of a mixture of land uses .
these [areas] may be made up of a mixture of land uses .

Our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks etc .
our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle [areas] and crossings , parking racks etc .

Our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks etc .
our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle [areas] and crossings , parking racks etc .

Our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks etc .
our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle [areas] and crossings , parking racks etc .

The Spanish Civil War was the result of the collapse of political and social coexistence among Spaniards ; and , in turn , fashioned subsequent political developments , inside each of the opposing war zones which emerged in the summer of 1936 , between them , and between them and the outside world .
the spanish civil war was the result of the collapse of political and social coexistence among spaniards ; and , in turn , fashioned subsequent political developments , inside each of the opposing war [areas] which emerged in the summer of 1936 , between them , and between them and the outside world .

Subduction zones , where oceanic plates descend under continental ones , and obduction zones , where spreading centres are concealed beneath sedimentary cover , are of considerable interest , not least because ophiolite sequences formed in obduction zones have given rise to economically significant concentrations of metallic minerals .
subduction [areas] , where oceanic plates descend under continental ones , and obduction [areas] , where spreading centres are concealed beneath sedimentary cover , are of considerable interest , not least because ophiolite sequences formed in obduction [areas] have given rise to economically significant concentrations of metallic minerals .

On July 1 , following two months of intensive negotiations , representatives of the Bush administration and congressional leaders reached a compromise agreement on an urban aid package which included the creation of enterprise zones and provided for total spending of $2,500 million over five years .
on july 1 , following two months of intensive negotiations , representatives of the bush administration and congressional leaders reached a compromise agreement on an urban aid package which included the creation of enterprise [areas] and provided for total spending of $2,500 million over five years .

During the same night some dozens of activists — presumed to be Shining Path members — wounded 15 policemen in attacks with automatic weapons on police stations in various of the city 's poorer zones .
during the same night some dozens of activists — presumed to be shining path members — wounded 15 policemen in attacks with automatic weapons on police stations in various of the city 's poorer [areas] .

He started the visit on Jan. 19 in Shenzhen , one of China 's five special economic zones ( SEZs ) established in the late 1970s as a showcase for Dengist economic reforms .
he started the visit on jan. 19 in shenzhen , one of china 's five special economic [areas] ( sezs ) established in the late 1970s as a showcase for dengist economic reforms .

In an attempt to boost exports , the government increased incentives to companies setting up in export processing zones .
in an attempt to boost exports , the government increased incentives to companies setting up in export processing [areas] .

It also announced that it was reducing customs duty on sales from such zones to the domestic market .
it also announced that it was reducing customs duty on sales from such [areas] to the domestic market .

Bush described the emergency package as `` only a beginning `` towards what he called the cities ' urgent needs for more far-reaching reforms , including tax-free enterprise zones to lure business , welfare reforms and school choice .
bush described the emergency package as `` only a beginning `` towards what he called the cities ' urgent needs for more far-reaching reforms , including tax-free enterprise [areas] to lure business , welfare reforms and school choice .

The current phase of the debate had been developing since January 1992 when the country 's veteran leader , Deng Xiaoping , had used a tour of the special enterprise zones in southern China as an opportunity to praise the free market as a key mechanism of economic growth [ see p. 38722 ] .
the current phase of the debate had been developing since january 1992 when the country 's veteran leader , deng xiaoping , had used a tour of the special enterprise [areas] in southern china as an opportunity to praise the free market as a key mechanism of economic growth [ see p. 38722 ] .

The Federal Republic of Germany was constituted in 1949 from the three western zones of occupied Germany ; on Oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former German Democratic Republic ( created in 1949 from the Soviet-occupied eastern zone ) and by Berlin ( previously under four-power administration ) .
the federal republic of germany was constituted in 1949 from the three western [areas] of occupied germany ; on oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former german democratic republic ( created in 1949 from the soviet-occupied eastern zone ) and by berlin ( previously under four-power administration ) .

Of the 60 members , 35 were elected by the members of the House of Representatives , 15 were selected from the country 's five development zones and 10 were directly appointed by King Birendra [ see p. 38193 for May election of House of Representatives ] . Seats Nepali Congress 31 United Nepal Communist Party 16 United People 's Front 2 Nepal Sadbhavana Party 1 Appointed by King Birendra 10 Total 60
of the 60 members , 35 were elected by the members of the house of representatives , 15 were selected from the country 's five development [areas] and 10 were directly appointed by king birendra [ see p. 38193 for may election of house of representatives ] . seats nepali congress 31 united nepal communist party 16 united people 's front 2 nepal sadbhavana party 1 appointed by king birendra 10 total 60

Official domestic media had maintained a virtual silence over Deng 's January tour of the Shenzhen and Zhuhai special economic zones ( SEZs ) in Guangdong province , which had been extensively reported by the Hong Kong press , both Beijing-controlled and independent .
official domestic media had maintained a virtual silence over deng 's january tour of the shenzhen and zhuhai special economic [areas] ( sezs ) in guangdong province , which had been extensively reported by the hong kong press , both beijing-controlled and independent .

He also supported the ideas of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp for a conservative , market-orientated approach to inner-city problems , comprising ghetto-enterprise zones with no , or low , taxes ; welfare reform ; privatization of public housing ; and greater choice within the education system .
he also supported the ideas of housing and urban development secretary jack kemp for a conservative , market-orientated approach to inner-city problems , comprising ghetto-enterprise [areas] with no , or low , taxes ; welfare reform ; privatization of public housing ; and greater choice within the education system .

The country was to be divided into 14 `` zones `` or `` regions `` , with the towns of Addis Ababa and Harar each constituting one region .
the country was to be divided into 14 `` [areas] `` or `` regions `` , with the towns of addis ababa and harar each constituting one region .

They gave the armed forces broad powers to take the initiative from the local civilian authorities to expropriate property and financial assets , to mobilize the population and institutions in emergency zones , and to enter the universities and prisons , regarded as centres of recruitment and indoctrination for the Maoist Shining Path ( Sendero Luminoso ) guerrilla group .
they gave the armed forces broad powers to take the initiative from the local civilian authorities to expropriate property and financial assets , to mobilize the population and institutions in emergency [areas] , and to enter the universities and prisons , regarded as centres of recruitment and indoctrination for the maoist shining path ( sendero luminoso ) guerrilla group .

The report stated that 250 people had disappeared or had been put to death in the `` emergency zones `` since he took office in August 1990 .
the report stated that 250 people had disappeared or had been put to death in the `` emergency [areas] `` since he took office in august 1990 .

The legislation , originally proposed as a long-term response to the May 1992 Los Angeles riots [ see p. 38894 ] and the wider urban crisis , aimed to create 50 urban and rural enterprise zones .
the legislation , originally proposed as a long-term response to the may 1992 los angeles riots [ see p. 38894 ] and the wider urban crisis , aimed to create 50 urban and rural enterprise [areas] .

On Dec. 20 the council established six free economic zones , within which businesses would be granted land rent exemptions for three years and preferential tax , customs and import-export regulations .
on dec. 20 the council established six free economic [areas] , within which businesses would be granted land rent exemptions for three years and preferential tax , customs and import-export regulations .

Deng was reported to have been particularly incensed by an attack on the country 's five special economic zones ( SEZs ) , widely regarded as showcases for the reformist line .
deng was reported to have been particularly incensed by an attack on the country 's five special economic [areas] ( sezs ) , widely regarded as showcases for the reformist line .

Deng himself had launched the campaign in early 1992 with a much-publicised tour of special economic zones ( SEZs ) in southern China [ see pp .
deng himself had launched the campaign in early 1992 with a much-publicised tour of special economic [areas] ( sezs ) in southern china [ see pp .

While Bush supported the bill 's aim to create 50 urban and rural enterprise zones , the fact that the bill included some three dozen minor tax increases made it likely that the President would veto the measure either directly , or through simply declining to sign it , a procedure known as a `` pocket veto `` .
while bush supported the bill 's aim to create 50 urban and rural enterprise [areas] , the fact that the bill included some three dozen minor tax increases made it likely that the president would veto the measure either directly , or through simply declining to sign it , a procedure known as a `` pocket veto `` .

Controls on imports and foreign exchange would be reduced , and export incentives including free trade zones created , with tax breaks for foreign investors .
controls on imports and foreign exchange would be reduced , and export incentives including free trade [areas] created , with tax breaks for foreign investors .

They will go to an agricultural co-operative selling spices , a sugar workers ' action centre , a project working with women employed in free trade zones and an agricultural diversification project , among others .
they will go to an agricultural co-operative selling spices , a sugar workers ' action centre , a project working with women employed in free trade [areas] and an agricultural diversification project , among others .

Your public address , voice evacuation system is zoned so you relay the emergency standby message to all zones of the hotel apart from the nightclub zone .
your public address , voice evacuation system is zoned so you relay the emergency standby message to all [areas] of the hotel apart from the nightclub zone .

The sale of the submarines to Israel would be technically in violation of strict West German export laws which prohibit military sales to zones of conflict .
the sale of the submarines to israel would be technically in violation of strict west german export laws which prohibit military sales to [areas] of conflict .

On the West German law prohibiting military sales to zones of conflict , he said : ‘ If such a law exists , it had no influence at all on our contractual relationship .
on the west german law prohibiting military sales to [areas] of conflict , he said : ‘ if such a law exists , it had no influence at all on our contractual relationship .

The elaborate carving and tiling that clothes most traditional architectural forms ; the row of badges and lamps that decorate the grille of an enthusiast 's motorcar , the roses and shrubs in front of a suburban house ; all act as buffer zones between differing activity spaces .
the elaborate carving and tiling that clothes most traditional architectural forms ; the row of badges and lamps that decorate the grille of an enthusiast 's motorcar , the roses and shrubs in front of a suburban house ; all act as buffer [areas] between differing activity spaces .

Above right : The international time zones , reviewed in June 1962 for the Times Atlas of the World , uses a Mercator projection .
above right : the international time [areas] , reviewed in june 1962 for the times atlas of the world , uses a mercator projection .

The mind learns to hold the elements of a properly structured language in both peripheral and foveal zones so that particles are magnified in and out of the group instantaneously .
the mind learns to hold the elements of a properly structured language in both peripheral and foveal [areas] so that particles are magnified in and out of the group instantaneously .

Tropics , Zones and Meridian Lines ? ’
tropics , [areas] and meridian lines ? ’

Supply flights had to be made at night ; the aircraft had no radar or proper navigation equipment , could not get information even about the weather , and had to find drop zones in thick jungle by the light or smoke of bonfires .
supply flights had to be made at night ; the aircraft had no radar or proper navigation equipment , could not get information even about the weather , and had to find drop [areas] in thick jungle by the light or smoke of bonfires .

Nor do they do a lot for me as erogenous zones .
nor do they do a lot for me as erogenous [areas] .

Hardcore groups like Big Black and Butthole Surfers have two zones of impact .
hardcore groups like big black and butthole surfers have two [areas] of impact .

The Soviet Union is said to contain more than 1000 towns where its own permissible levels of atmospheric pollution are exceeded five-fold or more and 20 per cent of the population live in what the head of the Academy of Sciences ' biology institute calls ‘ ecological disaster zones ’ .
the soviet union is said to contain more than 1000 towns where its own permissible levels of atmospheric pollution are exceeded five-fold or more and 20 per cent of the population live in what the head of the academy of sciences ' biology institute calls ‘ ecological disaster [areas] ’ .

Enterprise zones — which seduce businesses into poor areas with attractive tax breaks — are currently back in vogue at the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development .
enterprise [areas] — which seduce businesses into poor areas with attractive tax breaks — are currently back in vogue at the federal department of housing and urban development .

But experience shows that few companies will budge without vast incentives ; most firms recruit few local people ; some leave when tax holidays end ; and zones work only when there are few of them in any one area .
but experience shows that few companies will budge without vast incentives ; most firms recruit few local people ; some leave when tax holidays end ; and [areas] work only when there are few of them in any one area .

The southern province of Guangdong , the five , low-tax special economic zones and the 14 ‘ open cities ’ are proof of the plan 's promise to bring prosperity through economic liberalism .
the southern province of guangdong , the five , low-tax special economic [areas] and the 14 ‘ open cities ’ are proof of the plan 's promise to bring prosperity through economic liberalism .

Mr Li has made it plain that there will be no more special economic zones in the next ten years , and the praise in the communiqué for the Dengist reforms smacks of insincere ritual .
mr li has made it plain that there will be no more special economic [areas] in the next ten years , and the praise in the communiqué for the dengist reforms smacks of insincere ritual .

Last year the Russian parliament named Kaliningrad one of six potential free-trade zones to be set up within the Federation .
last year the russian parliament named kaliningrad one of six potential free-trade [areas] to be set up within the federation .

Some members of the Ukraine 's anti-communist opposition suspect that the cost of evacuating contaminated areas is the chief obstacle to the discovery of new danger zones .
some members of the ukraine 's anti-communist opposition suspect that the cost of evacuating contaminated areas is the chief obstacle to the discovery of new danger [areas] .

Still , the demand grows for more compensation , for better-defined danger zones , for tougher restrictions on food grown in contaminated areas .
still , the demand grows for more compensation , for better-defined danger [areas] , for tougher restrictions on food grown in contaminated areas .

Responding to other free-trade zones that have been set up in the region , Bolivia , Colombia , Venezuela , Peru and Ecuador will progressively reduce tariffs and other regional trade barriers .
responding to other free-trade [areas] that have been set up in the region , bolivia , colombia , venezuela , peru and ecuador will progressively reduce tariffs and other regional trade barriers .

My geographically inclined readers may have guessed why : time zones .
my geographically inclined readers may have guessed why : time [areas] .

The big landowner of the region , the Earl of Devonshire , arranged for food and other necessities to be left at dropping zones .
the big landowner of the region , the earl of devonshire , arranged for food and other necessities to be left at dropping [areas] .

The Draft Directive has adopted the same 50 mg/litre nitrate standard as the Drinking Water Directive and proposes the designation of ‘ zones ’ that are ‘ vulnerable ’ to being polluted with nitrate up to 50 mg/litre , either directly or indirectly .
the draft directive has adopted the same 50 mg/litre nitrate standard as the drinking water directive and proposes the designation of ‘ [areas] ’ that are ‘ vulnerable ’ to being polluted with nitrate up to 50 mg/litre , either directly or indirectly .

In August , the Agriculture Minister , John Selwyn Gummer , announced plans for 12 experimental water protection zones including : Branston Booth , Lincs ; Sleaford , Lincs ; Chalford , Oxford ; Egford , Somerset ; Millington Springs , Humberside ; Ogbourne St George , Wilts ; Boughton , Notts ; Tom Hill , Staffs ; Wildmoor , Hereford and Worcester ; Wellings , Staffs and Shropshire ; Milton , Derbyshire .
in august , the agriculture minister , john selwyn gummer , announced plans for 12 experimental water protection [areas] including : branston booth , lincs ; sleaford , lincs ; chalford , oxford ; egford , somerset ; millington springs , humberside ; ogbourne st george , wilts ; boughton , notts ; tom hill , staffs ; wildmoor , hereford and worcester ; wellings , staffs and shropshire ; milton , derbyshire .

The DoE wrote to Water Authorities ‘ seeking from them assessments of the zones that would need to be designated ’ if the Directive came into being .
the doe wrote to water authorities ‘ seeking from them assessments of the [areas] that would need to be designated ’ if the directive came into being .

In theory , Section 31 of the 1974 Control of Pollution Act gave Water Authorities powers to restrict farming activities in protection zones , but the powers were never used .
in theory , section 31 of the 1974 control of pollution act gave water authorities powers to restrict farming activities in protection [areas] , but the powers were never used .

The question of introducing nitrate protection zones got serious consideration only through the Nitrate Coordination Group in 1987 .
the question of introducing nitrate protection [areas] got serious consideration only through the nitrate coordination group in 1987 .

In eight out of ten catchments the report 's authors calculated that the immediate cost of water treatment or blending was less than the ‘ local cost ’ of farming measures , but , once Exchequer savings from reduced agricultural production were included ( i.e. savings in public grants and subsidies paid to farmers to produce crops ) , in most cases it was cheaper to establish protection zones with curbs on farming than to treat the polluted water .
in eight out of ten catchments the report 's authors calculated that the immediate cost of water treatment or blending was less than the ‘ local cost ’ of farming measures , but , once exchequer savings from reduced agricultural production were included ( i.e. savings in public grants and subsidies paid to farmers to produce crops ) , in most cases it was cheaper to establish protection [areas] with curbs on farming than to treat the polluted water .

After 4,000 perished in 1952 the government introduced the Clean Air Acts , with 2,000 local Clean Air Zones .
after 4,000 perished in 1952 the government introduced the clean air acts , with 2,000 local clean air [areas] .

Rather than declaring nuclear-free zones or criticising Chile , French local politicians ( who are often also national politicians ) are judged very much on their performance at local level in delivering services .
rather than declaring nuclear-free [areas] or criticising chile , french local politicians ( who are often also national politicians ) are judged very much on their performance at local level in delivering services .

From an ecological point of view the maritime , calcareous dune and pasture areas provide zones of exceptional richness and diversity ; a diversity that is enhanced by the system of non-intensive agriculture ( Roberts , Kerr and Seaton , 1959 ) and the close juxtaposition of moorland , loch and marshland habitats .
from an ecological point of view the maritime , calcareous dune and pasture areas provide [areas] of exceptional richness and diversity ; a diversity that is enhanced by the system of non-intensive agriculture ( roberts , kerr and seaton , 1959 ) and the close juxtaposition of moorland , loch and marshland habitats .

Distribution , as list of zones by numbers , with comments if appropriate .
distribution , as list of [areas] by numbers , with comments if appropriate .

In addition , the constant incursion and retreat of the sea creates and maintains vast zones that are neither wholly marine , nor wholly freshwater , nor wholly land-based ; intertidal zones that vary in width , between spring tides and neap , and which could not persist , or would not exist at all , were it not for the tides .
in addition , the constant incursion and retreat of the sea creates and maintains vast [areas] that are neither wholly marine , nor wholly freshwater , nor wholly land-based ; intertidal [areas] that vary in width , between spring tides and neap , and which could not persist , or would not exist at all , were it not for the tides .

Such zones take various forms , depending on the shape of the continental edge , its chemical and physical properties , and its age .
such [areas] take various forms , depending on the shape of the continental edge , its chemical and physical properties , and its age .

Thus , intertidal zones and estuaries in particular tend to be extremely rich , even though they are battered by waves or scarified by rapid waters , are sometimes dry and sometimes wet , and pose all kinds of chemical problems as the salinity may swing from fresh to super-saturated .
thus , intertidal [areas] and estuaries in particular tend to be extremely rich , even though they are battered by waves or scarified by rapid waters , are sometimes dry and sometimes wet , and pose all kinds of chemical problems as the salinity may swing from fresh to super-saturated .

Some of these zones also vary markedly with time — through the day ; with the tides , and therefore with the phases of the moon ; by season ; and sometimes in cycles of several years ( see El Niño , overleaf ) .
some of these [areas] also vary markedly with time — through the day ; with the tides , and therefore with the phases of the moon ; by season ; and sometimes in cycles of several years ( see el niño , overleaf ) .

Let us look , first of all , at the zones , and the reasons for them .
let us look , first of all , at the [areas] , and the reasons for them .

The ocean zones
the ocean [areas]

These changeable areas are called intertidal zones .
these changeable areas are called intertidal [areas] .

The ocean zones are not , however , quite as rigidly separated as this description suggests — fortunately for living creatures .
the ocean [areas] are not , however , quite as rigidly separated as this description suggests — fortunately for living creatures .

Because they obtain their energy from above , and because water behaves the way it does , there is a tendency for the ocean zones to remain distinct : dark , cold , often almost static waters below ; warm waters floating above .
because they obtain their energy from above , and because water behaves the way it does , there is a tendency for the ocean [areas] to remain distinct : dark , cold , often almost static waters below ; warm waters floating above .

Yet , as every investigative child appreciates , the intertidal zones often carry a rich variety of animals and plants , from many different groups , and often in large numbers .
yet , as every investigative child appreciates , the intertidal [areas] often carry a rich variety of animals and plants , from many different groups , and often in large numbers .

The intertidal zones circumvent the two outstanding disadvantages of marine living .
the intertidal [areas] circumvent the two outstanding disadvantages of marine living .

Unlike the plankton of the open seas the intertidal zones suffer no shortage of nutrients .
unlike the plankton of the open seas the intertidal [areas] suffer no shortage of nutrients .

Also in the intertidal zones , animals find that much of their work is done for them .
also in the intertidal [areas] , animals find that much of their work is done for them .

So the shore-line creatures adopt several different strategies for survival ; and animals from very different phyla — notably coelenterates , molluscs , crustaceans , and echinoderms — have found ( various ) ways of coping with the intertidal zones .
so the shore-line creatures adopt several different strategies for survival ; and animals from very different phyla — notably coelenterates , molluscs , crustaceans , and echinoderms — have found ( various ) ways of coping with the intertidal [areas] .

Because the different zones of the sea are so interlinked — many creatures making use of several in the course of their lives — the ocean environment is far more vulnerable than it at first appears .
because the different [areas] of the sea are so interlinked — many creatures making use of several in the course of their lives — the ocean environment is far more vulnerable than it at first appears .

Oceanographers traditionally divide the oceans into zones .
oceanographers traditionally divide the oceans into [areas] .

Mountain peaks , like intertidal zones and estuaries , are to some extent enriched by organic material blowing in from elsewhere — notably in the form of insects , borne aloft , and perishing in the cold .
mountain peaks , like intertidal [areas] and estuaries , are to some extent enriched by organic material blowing in from elsewhere — notably in the form of insects , borne aloft , and perishing in the cold .

The body is divided into zones , each one of which relates to a corresponding zone on the underside of the foot .
the body is divided into [areas] , each one of which relates to a corresponding zone on the underside of the foot .

By exerting gentle pressure on the zones of the foot the reflexologist is able to diagnose areas of malfunction in the body and then , by massage of the appropriate area of the foot , to help the body heal itself by improving the functioning of the nervous and circulatory systems .
by exerting gentle pressure on the [areas] of the foot the reflexologist is able to diagnose areas of malfunction in the body and then , by massage of the appropriate area of the foot , to help the body heal itself by improving the functioning of the nervous and circulatory systems .

This ‘ silver sea , was also , and still is , one of the world 's richest fishing zones — as well as a playground for sailors and a source of inspiration for poets and painters .
this ‘ silver sea , was also , and still is , one of the world 's richest fishing [areas] — as well as a playground for sailors and a source of inspiration for poets and painters .

Time zones
time [areas]

In order to standardize all these local times , the worlds has been divided into 24 time zones — each spanning 15 ° longitude .
in order to standardize all these local times , the worlds has been divided into 24 time [areas] — each spanning 15 ° longitude .

The severity of jet-lag , however , is dependent upon the number of time zones crossed rather than the length of flight .
the severity of jet-lag , however , is dependent upon the number of time [areas] crossed rather than the length of flight .

The ‘ change of life-style ’ argument is unsound because the change is not necessarily greater the further you fly or the more time zones you cross .
the ‘ change of life-style ’ argument is unsound because the change is not necessarily greater the further you fly or the more time [areas] you cross .

Consider , for example , the cultural differences for a European in journeying to parts of Africa ( large , but few time zones crossed ) or New Zealand ( smaller cultural changes but more time zones crossed ) .
consider , for example , the cultural differences for a european in journeying to parts of africa ( large , but few time [areas] crossed ) or new zealand ( smaller cultural changes but more time [areas] crossed ) .

Table 11.1 gives a general guide to the number of time zones between the United Kingdom and other countries .
table 11.1 gives a general guide to the number of time [areas] between the united kingdom and other countries .

• The east coast of America is five time zones to the west of the United Kingdom .
• the east coast of america is five time [areas] to the west of the united kingdom .

• Saudi Arabia is three time zones to the east of the United Kingdom .
• saudi arabia is three time [areas] to the east of the united kingdom .

• Therefore the journey is eight time zones in a westward direction .
• therefore the journey is eight time [areas] in a westward direction .

If the country you are visiting is not listed in Table 11.1 , you can find out how many time zones distant it is by the following means :
if the country you are visiting is not listed in table 11.1 , you can find out how many time [areas] distant it is by the following means :

If you are flying to the east and crossing only one or two time zones or flying to the west and crossing three or less time zones , you are unlikely to suffer from the effects of jet-lag .
if you are flying to the east and crossing only one or two time [areas] or flying to the west and crossing three or less time [areas] , you are unlikely to suffer from the effects of jet-lag .

Self-massage can help break through this built-up tension — and , luckily , the most effective zones for self-massaging are the hands and feet .
self-massage can help break through this built-up tension — and , luckily , the most effective [areas] for self-massaging are the hands and feet .

Into forbidden zones of dying gods .
into forbidden [areas] of dying gods .

Special flex bars along the ball of the foot allow ease of movement , and abrasive traction zones have been strategically placed to ensure maximum grip .
special flex bars along the ball of the foot allow ease of movement , and abrasive traction [areas] have been strategically placed to ensure maximum grip .

Guerrillas , then , is shaped in order to accommodate its three zones , and in accordance with a distinction between the political and the phantasmagorical , though there are moments when phantasmagoria , futility , threatens to envelop the island — Grange , Ridge , gangs , government , politics and all .
guerrillas , then , is shaped in order to accommodate its three [areas] , and in accordance with a distinction between the political and the phantasmagorical , though there are moments when phantasmagoria , futility , threatens to envelop the island — grange , ridge , gangs , government , politics and all .

The side-walls of the train concourse were devoted almost entirely to Reiss 's murals … and the end wall was covered with a world map and clock dials showing the hour differences in various time zones .
the side-walls of the train concourse were devoted almost entirely to reiss 's murals … and the end wall was covered with a world map and clock dials showing the hour differences in various time [areas] .

Because of the migration of mackerel over the notional dividing line between eastern and western zones , British fishermen had been faced with dwindling numbers of a healthy species .
because of the migration of mackerel over the notional dividing line between eastern and western [areas] , british fishermen had been faced with dwindling numbers of a healthy species .

He points out that such a provision bans any invasion of sovereign territory , air space and maritime zones , even where there might seem to be good grounds .
he points out that such a provision bans any invasion of sovereign territory , air space and maritime [areas] , even where there might seem to be good grounds .

In a wide band of west Africa , from Dakar to Kano including the ‘ sahelian ’ and ‘ sudanian ’ zones , the total population in 1980 was about 30 million at an average of 17 people per square kilometre .
in a wide band of west africa , from dakar to kano including the ‘ sahelian ’ and ‘ sudanian ’ [areas] , the total population in 1980 was about 30 million at an average of 17 people per square kilometre .

While the north of Cameroun has been badly affected , its key productive areas lie in the high rainfall zones of the western highlands ; in Kenya the old colonial rule-of-thumb that one year in five will be a year of drought has been sustained , and lean years have been followed by bumper crops .
while the north of cameroun has been badly affected , its key productive areas lie in the high rainfall [areas] of the western highlands ; in kenya the old colonial rule-of-thumb that one year in five will be a year of drought has been sustained , and lean years have been followed by bumper crops .

Between 1981 and 1983 the government created twenty-four so-called enterprise zones in economically depressed areas .
between 1981 and 1983 the government created twenty-four so-called enterprise [areas] in economically depressed areas .

This provided a package of financial incentives and exemptions from various laws and regulations to encourage businesses to set up in the zones .
this provided a package of financial incentives and exemptions from various laws and regulations to encourage businesses to set up in the [areas] .

In addition , the future of Germany was discussed and it was agreed that Germany — including Berlin — would be divided into four zones , each zone to be controlled by Great Britain ; United States of America ; Russia and France .
in addition , the future of germany was discussed and it was agreed that germany — including berlin — would be divided into four [areas] , each zone to be controlled by great britain ; united states of america ; russia and france .

March 1948 , the Russians imposed restrictions on traffic between the western zones and Berlin , which led , on 25th June to the Russians imposing a complete blockade of traffic into Berlin .
march 1948 , the russians imposed restrictions on traffic between the western [areas] and berlin , which led , on 25th june to the russians imposing a complete blockade of traffic into berlin .

In order to overcome this blockade — which meant that the Berlin zones controlled by America , Britain and France , were cut off from their normal supply routes — a massive ‘ Air-lift ’ was organised by the three Allies , even coal was transported by air !
in order to overcome this blockade — which meant that the berlin [areas] controlled by america , britain and france , were cut off from their normal supply routes — a massive ‘ air-lift ’ was organised by the three allies , even coal was transported by air !

The difficulties in these regions are extreme ; the growing period in relatively arid zones is often more than twice that in more northerly regions and there is a real fire risk .
the difficulties in these regions are extreme ; the growing period in relatively arid [areas] is often more than twice that in more northerly regions and there is a real fire risk .

On some beaches there are bathing zones , shipping channels and water ski areas , which are often protected by by-laws to keep other water users out .
on some beaches there are bathing [areas] , shipping channels and water ski areas , which are often protected by by-laws to keep other water users out .

The heart of Paris , around the Louvre and the Hotel de Ville , would be entirely reorganised with pedestrian zones , one-way systems and extra bus routes .
the heart of paris , around the louvre and the hotel de ville , would be entirely reorganised with pedestrian [areas] , one-way systems and extra bus routes .

Before workrooms were deemed no-smoking zones , the small admin room where the two work was known as ‘ the gas chamber ’ because of the fug generated by five smokers .
before workrooms were deemed no-smoking [areas] , the small admin room where the two work was known as ‘ the gas chamber ’ because of the fug generated by five smokers .

The bulk of the action takes place in and around an impossibly stylish restaurant , divided into the four zones of car-park , kitchens , dining-room and lavatories .
the bulk of the action takes place in and around an impossibly stylish restaurant , divided into the four [areas] of car-park , kitchens , dining-room and lavatories .

The zones seem to be associated with different moods and eras , post-industrial apocalyptic for the car-park , medieval for the kitchens , belle epoque for the dining-room , and high-tech for the lavatories .
the [areas] seem to be associated with different moods and eras , post-industrial apocalyptic for the car-park , medieval for the kitchens , belle epoque for the dining-room , and high-tech for the lavatories .

The bust , bosom or cleavage was for the Fifties the apotheosis of erogenous zones .
the bust , bosom or cleavage was for the fifties the apotheosis of erogenous [areas] .

That 's less than half the weekly rent on a small flat in enterprise zones such as south London 's Balham or north London 's Wembley .
that 's less than half the weekly rent on a small flat in enterprise [areas] such as south london 's balham or north london 's wembley .

The Dry Zones
the dry [areas]

Hand contact surfaces : This is one area of disinfection not necessarily confined to high risk zones especially in catering .
hand contact surfaces : this is one area of disinfection not necessarily confined to high risk [areas] especially in catering .

Indeed his service wings and courts early became as sophisticated in their planning as the main house , being divided into zones under the butler , the housekeeper and the cook with solidly walled off male and female stairs .
indeed his service wings and courts early became as sophisticated in their planning as the main house , being divided into [areas] under the butler , the housekeeper and the cook with solidly walled off male and female stairs .

Now that attitude is changing , most obviously on the West Coast , which has more money than other earthquake zones to experiment with new designs and materials .
now that attitude is changing , most obviously on the west coast , which has more money than other earthquake [areas] to experiment with new designs and materials .

In fact , much so-called juvenile water is probably either rainwater that has circulated to great depths , or water that was trapped in rocks that have been carried down at subduction zones ( see Inside Science , No .
in fact , much so-called juvenile water is probably either rainwater that has circulated to great depths , or water that was trapped in rocks that have been carried down at subduction [areas] ( see inside science , no .

Here the four powers had carved themselves out oddly shaped zones amongst the rubble and devastation left by the Allied bombing .
here the four powers had carved themselves out oddly shaped [areas] amongst the rubble and devastation left by the allied bombing .

The painting has been described as the ‘ masterpiece of Modigliani 's Cubist adventures … [ the ] small head is divided into two clearly defined zones , each of which has its own viewpoint ’ .
the painting has been described as the ‘ masterpiece of modigliani 's cubist adventures … [ the ] small head is divided into two clearly defined [areas] , each of which has its own viewpoint ’ .

Hess suggested that this took place along the deep ocean trenches , such as the Chile-Peru Trench , which runs parallel to the west coast of South America , and that the relatively ‘ cold ’ oceanic crust dived down beneath the continents in these zones , descending deep into the mantle to complete the convective cycle .
hess suggested that this took place along the deep ocean trenches , such as the chile-peru trench , which runs parallel to the west coast of south america , and that the relatively ‘ cold ’ oceanic crust dived down beneath the continents in these [areas] , descending deep into the mantle to complete the convective cycle .

These steeply-inclined belts or zones of earthquake sites are known now to exist all round the Pacific ; they are called Benioff zones , after their discoverer , the seismologist Hugo Benioff .
these steeply-inclined belts or [areas] of earthquake sites are known now to exist all round the pacific ; they are called benioff [areas] , after their discoverer , the seismologist hugo benioff .

Meanwhile , there were other incentive schemes — Enterprise Zones , for example , and simplified Planning Zones , which aimed to lift tax and planning ‘ barriers ’ in order to facilitate investment .
meanwhile , there were other incentive schemes — enterprise [areas] , for example , and simplified planning [areas] , which aimed to lift tax and planning ‘ barriers ’ in order to facilitate investment .

Almost everyone agrees , for instance , that enterprise zones alone are of limited value , that tax incentives are relatively ineffective and deregulation is no solution .
almost everyone agrees , for instance , that enterprise [areas] alone are of limited value , that tax incentives are relatively ineffective and deregulation is no solution .

Ninety thousand tonnes of pesticides , solvents , metals and plastics are incinerated per year in burn zones just 100 miles off the British coast .
ninety thousand tonnes of pesticides , solvents , metals and plastics are incinerated per year in burn [areas] just 100 miles off the british coast .

Butler , 1981 on enterprise zones ) , the American experience initially served as a model for British efforts to regenerate cities on the part of both the state ( Urban Development Corporations , the stream-lining of urban grants ) and private capital ( e.g .
butler , 1981 on enterprise [areas] ) , the american experience initially served as a model for british efforts to regenerate cities on the part of both the state ( urban development corporations , the stream-lining of urban grants ) and private capital ( e.g .

Enterprise zones altered arbitrarily the relative locational advantage of firms inside and outside their perimeter .
enterprise [areas] altered arbitrarily the relative locational advantage of firms inside and outside their perimeter .

In many of the county libraries , however , financial control is largely , or almost entirely , delegated to the zones or areas .
in many of the county libraries , however , financial control is largely , or almost entirely , delegated to the [areas] or areas .

On occasion , zones will be requested to submit notional breakdowns on their expenditure for the forthcoming year , but such submissions are often no more than the haziest guides to real expenditure .
on occasion , [areas] will be requested to submit notional breakdowns on their expenditure for the forthcoming year , but such submissions are often no more than the haziest guides to real expenditure .

Nearly all authorities — even the most decentralized — reserve some money under central control to purchase material which the zones do not want , or can not afford , or simply as a fund to cover emergencies .
nearly all authorities — even the most decentralized — reserve some money under central control to purchase material which the [areas] do not want , or can not afford , or simply as a fund to cover emergencies .

In the Auvergne three zones are designated ( Figure 9 ) .
in the auvergne three [areas] are designated ( figure 9 ) .

Relating levels of capital grants to handicap zones would also provide a better climate for conservation in the uplands .
relating levels of capital grants to handicap [areas] would also provide a better climate for conservation in the uplands .

Attention has hitherto tended to concentrate on the significance of the higher ranks , for both the Kent and South Wales coalfields show successive zones progressing to anthracite grade .
attention has hitherto tended to concentrate on the significance of the higher ranks , for both the kent and south wales coalfields show successive [areas] progressing to anthracite grade .

Listric faults developed over suitably oriented lines of crustal weakness , giving rise to elongated zones of thickened sediment on their downthrown ( generally southern ) sides .
listric faults developed over suitably oriented lines of crustal weakness , giving rise to elongated [areas] of thickened sediment on their downthrown ( generally southern ) sides .

The boundaries shown are intended to represent broad zones with an uncertainty of up to 10 km or so , and the whole map invites testing by further data .
the boundaries shown are intended to represent broad [areas] with an uncertainty of up to 10 km or so , and the whole map invites testing by further data .

At outcrop from Cornwall to Somerset and South Wales it is possible to distinguish five zones characterised by successive northward decreases in their degree of metamorphism and deformation , and in their deformation ages .
at outcrop from cornwall to somerset and south wales it is possible to distinguish five [areas] characterised by successive northward decreases in their degree of metamorphism and deformation , and in their deformation ages .

They are separated by major fault zones , in most cases now demonstrated to be thrusts , which have on average an east-west trend .
they are separated by major fault [areas] , in most cases now demonstrated to be thrusts , which have on average an east-west trend .

These five zones , indicated on Fig .
these five [areas] , indicated on fig .

There have been several attempts to explain the reasons for the strong seismic reflections from such zones .
there have been several attempts to explain the reasons for the strong seismic reflections from such [areas] .

One possibility is that platy minerals favoured in mylonite zones have lower seismic velocities than the country rocks and that this , coupled with their strong preferred orientation , favours reflection ( Fountain , Hurich , and Smithson 1984 ) .
one possibility is that platy minerals favoured in mylonite [areas] have lower seismic velocities than the country rocks and that this , coupled with their strong preferred orientation , favours reflection ( fountain , hurich , and smithson 1984 ) .

Four broad post-Carboniferous structural zones are recognised :
four broad post-carboniferous structural [areas] are recognised :

zones of anomalous Bunter Shale uplift are associated with a lack of significant gas fields whereas zones of anomalous Carboniferous uplift are associated with the principal gas discoveries in the area .
[areas] of anomalous bunter shale uplift are associated with a lack of significant gas fields whereas [areas] of anomalous carboniferous uplift are associated with the principal gas discoveries in the area .

The small mammals living today in many different habitats and climatic zones have been described , so that the associations between faunal types and ecology are well documented ( Southern , 1954 ; Walker , 1964 ; Glue , 1967 ; Hanney , 1975 ; Andrews , Groves & Horne , 1975 ; Corbet & Southern , 1977 ; Brain , 1981 ; Yalden , 1985 ; Avery , 1986 ) .
the small mammals living today in many different habitats and climatic [areas] have been described , so that the associations between faunal types and ecology are well documented ( southern , 1954 ; walker , 1964 ; glue , 1967 ; hanney , 1975 ; andrews , groves & horne , 1975 ; corbet & southern , 1977 ; brain , 1981 ; yalden , 1985 ; avery , 1986 ) .

Woodland faunas , for instance , are distinct from grassland faunas , and tropical faunas distinct from temperate faunas , and when these and more precise distinctions are made it is possible to correlate and even define ecological zones by their small mammal faunas .
woodland faunas , for instance , are distinct from grassland faunas , and tropical faunas distinct from temperate faunas , and when these and more precise distinctions are made it is possible to correlate and even define ecological [areas] by their small mammal faunas .

The first , which will be referred to as strategic planning , includes policies , strategies for development , location of industrial and residential zones , densities , etc .
the first , which will be referred to as strategic planning , includes policies , strategies for development , location of industrial and residential [areas] , densities , etc .

The government set about ‘ freeing private enterprise ’ through a number of legislative and administrative changes , the major ones seeing the introduction of Enterprise Zones ( EZs ) , Urban Development Corporations ( UDCs ) and Freeports .
the government set about ‘ freeing private enterprise ’ through a number of legislative and administrative changes , the major ones seeing the introduction of enterprise [areas] ( ezs ) , urban development corporations ( udcs ) and freeports .

Similarly , the attempt to remove barriers to investment has merely led to their redistribution , for instead of paying rates inside Enterprise Zones firms pay higher rents and property prices ( Erikson and Syms , 1986 ) .
similarly , the attempt to remove barriers to investment has merely led to their redistribution , for instead of paying rates inside enterprise [areas] firms pay higher rents and property prices ( erikson and syms , 1986 ) .

As you go deeper in towards the centre laboratory you pass through progressively cleaner bio-medical zones , starting here with a shower .
as you go deeper in towards the centre laboratory you pass through progressively cleaner bio-medical [areas] , starting here with a shower .

Erogenous zones , the ones that respond quickest to sexual stimulation , are dotted all over the female form and in some of the most unlikely places .
erogenous [areas] , the ones that respond quickest to sexual stimulation , are dotted all over the female form and in some of the most unlikely places .

Fortunately , most developing countries lie in tropical or sub-tropical zones , and are well placed to take advantage of the potential offered by directly or indirectly converting solar energy .
fortunately , most developing countries lie in tropical or sub-tropical [areas] , and are well placed to take advantage of the potential offered by directly or indirectly converting solar energy .

Zones of overlap , or ecotones , between two habitats are often richer in species than either habitat ( this is known as the ‘ edge effect ’ ) and the richness of gardens may reflect their ecotonal character .
[areas] of overlap , or ecotones , between two habitats are often richer in species than either habitat ( this is known as the ‘ edge effect ’ ) and the richness of gardens may reflect their ecotonal character .

It crosses two mountain ranges , 561 rivers , 124 km of permafrost and more than 1000 km of West Siberian bog and marsh on its journey through five time zones to Western Europe .
it crosses two mountain ranges , 561 rivers , 124 km of permafrost and more than 1000 km of west siberian bog and marsh on its journey through five time [areas] to western europe .

This detailed knowledge of land formations should help geologists find mineral resources and evaluate geologic hazards such as earthquake zones .
this detailed knowledge of land formations should help geologists find mineral resources and evaluate geologic hazards such as earthquake [areas] .

From a geological viewpoint using the terminology of plate tectonics , sites must be away from spreading centres , volcanic hotspots and subduction zones .
from a geological viewpoint using the terminology of plate tectonics , sites must be away from spreading centres , volcanic hotspots and subduction [areas] .

Sites would also need to be chosen so that , if wastes did escape , currents would not carry radioactive material too swiftly into zones of human activity .
sites would also need to be chosen so that , if wastes did escape , currents would not carry radioactive material too swiftly into [areas] of human activity .

For example , sightings of UAPs should be concentrated around active fault zones ; there should be more in hilly terrain ; reservoirs with their attendant stresses on the rock should be focal points for the effect ; and the passage of masses of air , such as cold fronts , should release any strain that may have built up .
for example , sightings of uaps should be concentrated around active fault [areas] ; there should be more in hilly terrain ; reservoirs with their attendant stresses on the rock should be focal points for the effect ; and the passage of masses of air , such as cold fronts , should release any strain that may have built up .

Major groups do not simply obliterate other major groups by competition ; rather do they radiate into the adaptive zones after the previous dominant group has become extinct .
major groups do not simply obliterate other major groups by competition ; rather do they radiate into the adaptive [areas] after the previous dominant group has become extinct .

They simply radiated into the adaptive zones left vacant by synapsid and rhynchosaur decline .
they simply radiated into the adaptive [areas] left vacant by synapsid and rhynchosaur decline .

And there are a few special areas called ‘ Noise Abatement Zones ’ where local authorities keep statutory registers of permitted noise levels .
and there are a few special areas called ‘ noise abatement [areas] ’ where local authorities keep statutory registers of permitted noise levels .

It is claimed that by having sharply separated black and white regions of the skin , rotary breezes will be created between the black and white zones and that these will have a cooling effect .
it is claimed that by having sharply separated black and white regions of the skin , rotary breezes will be created between the black and white [areas] and that these will have a cooling effect .

In detail , the Council 's planning policy applies to the mainland of Orkney and divided the island up into different zones .
in detail , the council 's planning policy applies to the mainland of orkney and divided the island up into different [areas] .

Receptive to the idea of ‘ doing something ’ about North Sea oil and its likely consequences for Orkney , of coping with the practical problems of planning applications , of conducting the old County Council and the new Orkney Islands Council along businesslike lines , and conscious of the growing body of government planning legislation , they accepted the idea of planned zones .
receptive to the idea of ‘ doing something ’ about north sea oil and its likely consequences for orkney , of coping with the practical problems of planning applications , of conducting the old county council and the new orkney islands council along businesslike lines , and conscious of the growing body of government planning legislation , they accepted the idea of planned [areas] .

The problem is to discover how these familiar zones are bounded and how they are crossed .
the problem is to discover how these familiar [areas] are bounded and how they are crossed .

The busiest place , by far , was Prestwick ; during the war years , in addition to other busy service and civilian traffic , 20,000 military planes were ferried in from North America for distribution to various bases and war zones .
the busiest place , by far , was prestwick ; during the war years , in addition to other busy service and civilian traffic , 20,000 military planes were ferried in from north america for distribution to various bases and war [areas] .

This applies equally to the grander measures , such as Simplified Planning Zones and proposed alterations to structure plans , and to apparently minor amendments to listed building consents .
this applies equally to the grander measures , such as simplified planning [areas] and proposed alterations to structure plans , and to apparently minor amendments to listed building consents .

In the temperate zones , lying just outside the ice-bound regions , when the minerals drain into the sea , the soil is depleted and less vegetation is supported .
in the temperate [areas] , lying just outside the ice-bound regions , when the minerals drain into the sea , the soil is depleted and less vegetation is supported .

Then life retreats to the equatorial zones , though there is little doubt that the ice-bound regions of such eras are far from devoid of life , any more than the Arctic and Antarctic zones are today .
then life retreats to the equatorial [areas] , though there is little doubt that the ice-bound regions of such eras are far from devoid of life , any more than the arctic and antarctic [areas] are today .

At the places where the dark zones meet the pale central part of the body there is a soft intermediate zone , rather than a sharp edge .
at the places where the dark [areas] meet the pale central part of the body there is a soft intermediate zone , rather than a sharp edge .

We now had the air crews coming back from low-level sorties over France and Belgium and reporting damage they had seen to docks and military installations , and , much more upsetting , roads thronged with refugees all trying to get away from the zones of fighting .
we now had the air crews coming back from low-level sorties over france and belgium and reporting damage they had seen to docks and military installations , and , much more upsetting , roads thronged with refugees all trying to get away from the [areas] of fighting .

In each foreign exchange market the opening spot rates are established by noting the previous day 's exchange rates plus those in earlier time zones .
in each foreign exchange market the opening spot rates are established by noting the previous day 's exchange rates plus those in earlier time [areas] .

Frelimo already had some experience of developing schools in the liberated zones before independence , when education was intended to contribute to the liberation struggle , to change people 's consciousness and attitudes and to promote production and combat .
frelimo already had some experience of developing schools in the liberated [areas] before independence , when education was intended to contribute to the liberation struggle , to change people 's consciousness and attitudes and to promote production and combat .

The dangers for teachers in war zones of being identified with the government were exemplified by the fate of numbers of ‘ popular teachers ’ who were killed or kidnapped by the Contras .
the dangers for teachers in war [areas] of being identified with the government were exemplified by the fate of numbers of ‘ popular teachers ’ who were killed or kidnapped by the contras .

In Managua , there was some in-migration from rural war zones , particularly in the mid-1980s , straining infrastructure and social services , including education .
in managua , there was some in-migration from rural war [areas] , particularly in the mid-1980s , straining infrastructure and social services , including education .

Three policies merit consideration : enterprise zones , Freeports and Simplified Planning Zones .
three policies merit consideration : enterprise [areas] , freeports and simplified planning [areas] .

Enterprise Zones
enterprise [areas]

Although there has been a proliferation in inner-city innovations in the 1980s , there can be little doubt that enterprise zones , together with Urban Development Corporations ( see Chapter 6 ) , have been the most significant of initiatives .
although there has been a proliferation in inner-city innovations in the 1980s , there can be little doubt that enterprise [areas] , together with urban development corporations ( see chapter 6 ) , have been the most significant of initiatives .

Two major debates surround enterprise zones : there is the whole question of their origin , development and administration , which raises a series of issues in relation to governments ’ ability to bring about radical change ; and , second , and more importantly by the late 1980s , their impact can now be assessed in some detail .
two major debates surround enterprise [areas] : there is the whole question of their origin , development and administration , which raises a series of issues in relation to governments ’ ability to bring about radical change ; and , second , and more importantly by the late 1980s , their impact can now be assessed in some detail .

Enterprise Zones : Origins and Development
enterprise [areas] : origins and development

Enterprise zones originated in a number of ideas that began to amalgamate towards the end of the 1970s .
enterprise [areas] originated in a number of ideas that began to amalgamate towards the end of the 1970s .

They reflected a concept that had been current for a number of years , that experiments in planning free zones ought to be devised ( Banham et al .
they reflected a concept that had been current for a number of years , that experiments in planning free [areas] ought to be devised ( banham et al .

The zones would be outside the effective control of national government .
the [areas] would be outside the effective control of national government .

More optimistically , Hall argued that the zones would be about enterprise , growth and innovation .
more optimistically , hall argued that the [areas] would be about enterprise , growth and innovation .

He argued that enterprise zones should be established in which detailed planning controls would cease to exist , certain legal obligations on employers such as employment protection legislation would no longer apply , various taxes would not be levied and the overall management of zones would be undertaken not by local authorities but by some other agency .
he argued that enterprise [areas] should be established in which detailed planning controls would cease to exist , certain legal obligations on employers such as employment protection legislation would no longer apply , various taxes would not be levied and the overall management of [areas] would be undertaken not by local authorities but by some other agency .

These ideas formed the basis of enterprise zones that received formal approval in the Finance Act 1980 and the Local Government , Planning and Land Act 1980 .
these ideas formed the basis of enterprise [areas] that received formal approval in the finance act 1980 and the local government , planning and land act 1980 .

As a number of observers have pointed out ( Taylor , 1981 ; Morison , 1987 ) , enterprise zones differed in important respects from the outline statement made by Sir Geoffrey Howe in 1978 .
as a number of observers have pointed out ( taylor , 1981 ; morison , 1987 ) , enterprise [areas] differed in important respects from the outline statement made by sir geoffrey howe in 1978 .

As a result of these considerations , the government decided that enterprise zones would be implemented by local authorities and not by some outside agency .
as a result of these considerations , the government decided that enterprise [areas] would be implemented by local authorities and not by some outside agency .

Employment protection legislation was to be retained , and tax havens were eventually ruled out because of the problems of potential abuse by incoming companies or firms moving some plant into the zones .
employment protection legislation was to be retained , and tax havens were eventually ruled out because of the problems of potential abuse by incoming companies or firms moving some plant into the [areas] .

But certain exemptions would apply within a select and small number of zones .
but certain exemptions would apply within a select and small number of [areas] .

Enterprise zones , therefore , introduced the concept of the simplified planning regime , intended to speed up planning applications and to give deemed planning consent for many developments .
enterprise [areas] , therefore , introduced the concept of the simplified planning regime , intended to speed up planning applications and to give deemed planning consent for many developments .

As the first set of declaration reports were produced , it became apparent that development within the zones would not be significantly different from what would have occurred anyway ( Corby District Council , 1981 ; Newcastle upon Tyne , 1981 ; Swansea City Council , 1981 ) : planning controls were often retained along zone boundaries ; Special Industrial Uses , including noxious and dangerous processes , were still subject to control ; and , on occasion , environmental improvements were written into declaration reports .
as the first set of declaration reports were produced , it became apparent that development within the [areas] would not be significantly different from what would have occurred anyway ( corby district council , 1981 ; newcastle upon tyne , 1981 ; swansea city council , 1981 ) : planning controls were often retained along zone boundaries ; special industrial uses , including noxious and dangerous processes , were still subject to control ; and , on occasion , environmental improvements were written into declaration reports .

Enterprise zones have not been environmentally harmful ; in many cases standards have greatly improved .
enterprise [areas] have not been environmentally harmful ; in many cases standards have greatly improved .

Some local authorities expressed a concern about the potential implications of removing planning controls from shopping , on the grounds that the financial incentives ( discussed below ) would attract into the zones large retail organizations , thus undermining existing shopping patterns .
some local authorities expressed a concern about the potential implications of removing planning controls from shopping , on the grounds that the financial incentives ( discussed below ) would attract into the [areas] large retail organizations , thus undermining existing shopping patterns .

Certain authorities , originally identified by Sir Geoffrey Howe as potential recipients of enterprise zones in the 1980 Budget speech — notably Sheffield and Wolverhampton — were unable to reach agreement with the Treasury over this issue , and were thus not granted zones .
certain authorities , originally identified by sir geoffrey howe as potential recipients of enterprise [areas] in the 1980 budget speech — notably sheffield and wolverhampton — were unable to reach agreement with the treasury over this issue , and were thus not granted [areas] .

In his 1978 speech , Sir Geoffrey Howe said that new agencies would be created for the zones , which would re-allocate public-sector land to private users .
in his 1978 speech , sir geoffrey howe said that new agencies would be created for the [areas] , which would re-allocate public-sector land to private users .

As Morison ( 1987 ) makes clear , this did not occur , and the public sector was vital in the early development of many of the zones .
as morison ( 1987 ) makes clear , this did not occur , and the public sector was vital in the early development of many of the [areas] .

Although the simplified planning regime had , on the whole , a mild effect , some financial incentives , on the other hand , undoubtedly stimulated development within the zones .
although the simplified planning regime had , on the whole , a mild effect , some financial incentives , on the other hand , undoubtedly stimulated development within the [areas] .

The financial and business exemptions applying to enterprise zones in 1980 were rather eclectic .
the financial and business exemptions applying to enterprise [areas] in 1980 were rather eclectic .

Firms within enterprise zones were also exempt from industrial training-board levies — hardly a massive concession , since the number of boards was to be substantially reduced throughout the 1980s .
firms within enterprise [areas] were also exempt from industrial training-board levies — hardly a massive concession , since the number of boards was to be substantially reduced throughout the 1980s .

Firms within enterprise zones would not pay rates for ten years , local government being reimbursed for lost revenue by the Treasury .
firms within enterprise [areas] would not pay rates for ten years , local government being reimbursed for lost revenue by the treasury .

This was essential to the development of many zones , but not necessarily as had been anticipated .
this was essential to the development of many [areas] , but not necessarily as had been anticipated .

It had already been possible to offset some of the costs of industrial building , but this incentive was now extended to commercial projects in the zones .
it had already been possible to offset some of the costs of industrial building , but this incentive was now extended to commercial projects in the [areas] .

It is important to stress that enterprise zones were regarded as a political experiment by the Conservative government elected in 1979 .
it is important to stress that enterprise [areas] were regarded as a political experiment by the conservative government elected in 1979 .

Enterprise zones were a way of testing the viability of these ideas by liberalizing the market .
enterprise [areas] were a way of testing the viability of these ideas by liberalizing the market .

As we have seen , some of the radicalism inherent in Howe 's 1978 speech was dissipated by the time enterprise zones were given legal status in 1980 .
as we have seen , some of the radicalism inherent in howe 's 1978 speech was dissipated by the time enterprise [areas] were given legal status in 1980 .

Nevertheless , observers on what might broadly be called the left were generally very much opposed to the creation of enterprise zones ( Anderson , 1980 ; Massey , 1982 ) .
nevertheless , observers on what might broadly be called the left were generally very much opposed to the creation of enterprise [areas] ( anderson , 1980 ; massey , 1982 ) .

The zones would apparently diminish employment protection and welfare legislation ; they would create few , worthwhile , genuinely new jobs ; and they diverted attention away from the dramatic contraction in investment and employment that was occurring in large parts of Britain in the early 1980s .
the [areas] would apparently diminish employment protection and welfare legislation ; they would create few , worthwhile , genuinely new jobs ; and they diverted attention away from the dramatic contraction in investment and employment that was occurring in large parts of britain in the early 1980s .

On the other hand , protracted financial limitations were in force , and enterprise zones offered the hope of some financial support from central government .
on the other hand , protracted financial limitations were in force , and enterprise [areas] offered the hope of some financial support from central government .

Enterprise zones were simply not going to reflect uncontrolled capitalism .
enterprise [areas] were simply not going to reflect uncontrolled capitalism .

Although in early discussions surrounding enterprise zones a few authorities were unable to reach formal agreement with the government , most Labour authorities , with varying degrees of enthusiasm , eventually sought designation .
although in early discussions surrounding enterprise [areas] a few authorities were unable to reach formal agreement with the government , most labour authorities , with varying degrees of enthusiasm , eventually sought designation .

The zones varied significantly in size and composition .
the [areas] varied significantly in size and composition .

This was perhaps predictable , since the Department of the Environment , in approving designations , wanted to declare vacant or derelict land as enterprise zones , thus avoiding the incorporation of existing companies , which would benefit from financial incentives , into designations .
this was perhaps predictable , since the department of the environment , in approving designations , wanted to declare vacant or derelict land as enterprise [areas] , thus avoiding the incorporation of existing companies , which would benefit from financial incentives , into designations .

Some zones , such as that at Clydebank , consisted of one large site .
some [areas] , such as that at clydebank , consisted of one large site .

Details of the physical characteristics of the zones , however , are of secondary importance to the central question — how has the private sector responded to these limited experiments in deregulation ?
details of the physical characteristics of the [areas] , however , are of secondary importance to the central question — how has the private sector responded to these limited experiments in deregulation ?

Enterprise Zones : Impact and Implications
enterprise [areas] : impact and implications

One of the somewhat stranger requirements of companies in enterprise zones was that they would have to provide central government with only minimal statistical information .
one of the somewhat stranger requirements of companies in enterprise [areas] was that they would have to provide central government with only minimal statistical information .

For the first three years , consultants monitored the zones ( for example , Tym and Partners , 1984 ) .
for the first three years , consultants monitored the [areas] ( for example , tym and partners , 1984 ) .

The Department of the Environment has itself undertaken a number of reports updating progress in the enterprise zones ( DoE , 1985b ; 1987a ) .
the department of the environment has itself undertaken a number of reports updating progress in the enterprise [areas] ( doe , 1985b ; 1987a ) .

Independent observers have published widely on the zones and their effects ( MacLeary and Lloyd , 1980 ; McDonald and Howick , 1982 ; Norcliffe and Hoare , 1982 ; Catalano , 1983 ; Talbot , 1988 ) .
independent observers have published widely on the [areas] and their effects ( macleary and lloyd , 1980 ; mcdonald and howick , 1982 ; norcliffe and hoare , 1982 ; catalano , 1983 ; talbot , 1988 ) .

Jobs have always been central to the debate surrounding enterprise zones .
jobs have always been central to the debate surrounding enterprise [areas] .

In ways never always explicitly developed , early proponents of the idea argued that incentives within the zones would help sustain employment ( Hall , 1977 ; Howe , 1978 ) .
in ways never always explicitly developed , early proponents of the idea argued that incentives within the [areas] would help sustain employment ( hall , 1977 ; howe , 1978 ) .

This might initially involve low-grade jobs relocating from elsewhere into the zones .
this might initially involve low-grade jobs relocating from elsewhere into the [areas] .

By 1986 there were approximately 63,000 jobs in the 23 British enterprise zones .
by 1986 there were approximately 63,000 jobs in the 23 british enterprise [areas] .

Evidence is available relating to the occupational structure and characteristics of the jobs created within the zones .
evidence is available relating to the occupational structure and characteristics of the jobs created within the [areas] .

Not surprisingly , the older and more industrialized zones have higher proportions of male employment .
not surprisingly , the older and more industrialized [areas] have higher proportions of male employment .

In total , almost 70 per cent of jobs in British enterprise zones are taken by men .
in total , almost 70 per cent of jobs in british enterprise [areas] are taken by men .

Of posts available within the zones , 16 per cent are professional , 13 per cent clerical , 32 per cent skilled and 39 per cent unskilled .
of posts available within the [areas] , 16 per cent are professional , 13 per cent clerical , 32 per cent skilled and 39 per cent unskilled .

An important debate surrounding the concept of enterprise zones has been the question of displacement .
an important debate surrounding the concept of enterprise [areas] has been the question of displacement .

Would existing firms relocate into the zones because of their incentives , to no overall effect ?
would existing firms relocate into the [areas] because of their incentives , to no overall effect ?

About 34 per cent of employment within the zones was in pre-designation companies , and about 34 per cent had transferred in .
about 34 per cent of employment within the [areas] was in pre-designation companies , and about 34 per cent had transferred in .

Another issue of considerable importance is the question of additionality : what proportion of companies have located on , or remained within , the zones as a result of designation , and what proportion would have located there without designation ?
another issue of considerable importance is the question of additionality : what proportion of companies have located on , or remained within , the [areas] as a result of designation , and what proportion would have located there without designation ?

One final issue in relation to economic development is the question of the performance of companies in the enterprise zones .
one final issue in relation to economic development is the question of the performance of companies in the enterprise [areas] .

About 90 per cent of development in the zones has been for industrial or warehouse use .
about 90 per cent of development in the [areas] has been for industrial or warehouse use .

The designation of zones has certainly encouraged development , but this has varied from region to region .
the designation of [areas] has certainly encouraged development , but this has varied from region to region .

The development of the zones has had implications for surrounding areas .
the development of the [areas] has had implications for surrounding areas .

However , this variation is due largely to the rate relief enjoyed by on-zone occupiers rather than to any obvious collapse of the property market outside of the zones .
however , this variation is due largely to the rate relief enjoyed by on-zone occupiers rather than to any obvious collapse of the property market outside of the [areas] .

In effect , landlords have clawed back for themselves an increasing proportion of rate relief on premises within enterprise zones .
in effect , landlords have clawed back for themselves an increasing proportion of rate relief on premises within enterprise [areas] .

Additionally , the zones have not created industrial dereliction , and properties vacated by tenants moving to the zones have been re-occupied through normal filtering processes .
additionally , the [areas] have not created industrial dereliction , and properties vacated by tenants moving to the [areas] have been re-occupied through normal filtering processes .

Between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , total public costs associated with enterprise zones amounted to a gross figure of almost £400 million .
between 1981–2 and 1985–6 , total public costs associated with enterprise [areas] amounted to a gross figure of almost £400 million .

Some zones , notably Corby , Tyneside and the Isle of Dogs , have received a much larger proportion of total spending than have some of the later designations , such as Milford Haven , Scunthorpe — Glanford and Middlesbrough .
some [areas] , notably corby , tyneside and the isle of dogs , have received a much larger proportion of total spending than have some of the later designations , such as milford haven , scunthorpe — glanford and middlesbrough .

The total cost of each additional job is estimated at about £8,500 in the zones , and about £23,000 for additional jobs within the local area as a whole .
the total cost of each additional job is estimated at about £8,500 in the [areas] , and about £23,000 for additional jobs within the local area as a whole .

Finally , how did companies assess the incentives on offer within enterprise zones ?
finally , how did companies assess the incentives on offer within enterprise [areas] ?

Rate exemption was also seen as the most important factor in facilitating additional investment and in explaining why companies located in the zones .
rate exemption was also seen as the most important factor in facilitating additional investment and in explaining why companies located in the [areas] .

Of the potential beneficiaries of enterprise zones — occupiers , developers , landowners and investors — it is the investors who gain the most .
of the potential beneficiaries of enterprise [areas] — occupiers , developers , landowners and investors — it is the investors who gain the most .

Enterprise Zones : Conclusions
enterprise [areas] : conclusions

In some respects , enterprise zones have been relatively successful .
in some respects , enterprise [areas] have been relatively successful .

Environmental standards have improved in some of the older zones , and local physical and economic development has been improved .
environmental standards have improved in some of the older [areas] , and local physical and economic development has been improved .

Firms within the zones seem to have been doing better than equivalent companies elsewhere .
firms within the [areas] seem to have been doing better than equivalent companies elsewhere .

Job-creation costs for the zones and the areas around them are high .
job-creation costs for the [areas] and the areas around them are high .

The most successful zones have not been where the public sector has withdrawn , but where ( as in Corby or the Isle of Dogs ) one public-sector agency has been able to acquire and to service land for private developers and occupiers .
the most successful [areas] have not been where the public sector has withdrawn , but where ( as in corby or the isle of dogs ) one public-sector agency has been able to acquire and to service land for private developers and occupiers .

Whether this reality was important or not , the Secretary of State for the Environment announced in late 1987 that there would be no general extension of the enterprise zones in England ( Ridley , 1987 ) .
whether this reality was important or not , the secretary of state for the environment announced in late 1987 that there would be no general extension of the enterprise [areas] in england ( ridley , 1987 ) .

Although enterprise zones have been the most important of the liberalizing initiatives , other developments fall into much the same category .
although enterprise [areas] have been the most important of the liberalizing initiatives , other developments fall into much the same category .

Simplified Planning Zones
simplified planning [areas]

Finally , we should briefly mention Simplified Planning Zones ( SPZs ) .
finally , we should briefly mention simplified planning [areas] ( spzs ) .

SPZs are based on the liberalized Planning regimes pioneered within enterprise zones .
spzs are based on the liberalized planning regimes pioneered within enterprise [areas] .

In any case , if enterprise zones are the model , the overwhelming evidence is that financial incentives have proved the driving force , and that liberalized planning regimes have been of limited significance .
in any case , if enterprise [areas] are the model , the overwhelming evidence is that financial incentives have proved the driving force , and that liberalized planning regimes have been of limited significance .

First , the rhetoric of deregulation has not matched the reality : enterprise zones and Freeports have largely proved mundane .
first , the rhetoric of deregulation has not matched the reality : enterprise [areas] and freeports have largely proved mundane .

For example , if enterprise zones were supposed to create jobs or to boost new enterprises or to engender ‘ high-tech ’ industries , a more precise targeting of incentives could have been devised instead of the blanket concessions on offer .
for example , if enterprise [areas] were supposed to create jobs or to boost new enterprises or to engender ‘ high-tech ’ industries , a more precise targeting of incentives could have been devised instead of the blanket concessions on offer .

For instance , a great deal of development has occurred within enterprise zones , and the Urban programme has presided over a wide range of projects .
for instance , a great deal of development has occurred within enterprise [areas] , and the urban programme has presided over a wide range of projects .

In South America , for example , landownership especially in the developed coastal zones is concentrated in a small proportion of the population who are engaged in plantation agriculture or ranching .
in south america , for example , landownership especially in the developed coastal [areas] is concentrated in a small proportion of the population who are engaged in plantation agriculture or ranching .

As a guideline , the major zones are summarised in Table 7.5 .
as a guideline , the major [areas] are summarised in table 7.5 .

To replace the depleted vegetation a range of species were planted on the island in the nineteenth century , including the maritime pine ( Pinus pinaster ) and blackwood ( Acacia melanoxylon ) , as well as a variety of herbs and shrubs which have now established specific vegetation zones .
to replace the depleted vegetation a range of species were planted on the island in the nineteenth century , including the maritime pine ( pinus pinaster ) and blackwood ( acacia melanoxylon ) , as well as a variety of herbs and shrubs which have now established specific vegetation [areas] .

This industrial wood accounts for 20 per cent of Nigeria 's wood consumption while the other 80 per cent is consumed as fuelwood which is mainly derived from the more northerly savanna zones .
this industrial wood accounts for 20 per cent of nigeria 's wood consumption while the other 80 per cent is consumed as fuelwood which is mainly derived from the more northerly savanna [areas] .

The areal interpolation problem can be defined as the transfer of data from one set ( source units or zones ) to a second set ( target units ) of overlapping , non-hierarchical areal units .
the areal interpolation problem can be defined as the transfer of data from one set ( source units or [areas] ) to a second set ( target units ) of overlapping , non-hierarchical areal units .

Related to this problem is that of making population estimates for new zones that result from overlay operations .
related to this problem is that of making population estimates for new [areas] that result from overlay operations .

We may want to count numbers living within plumes , circles of fixed radius , buffer zones and so on .
we may want to count numbers living within plumes , circles of fixed radius , buffer [areas] and so on .

Describe each of the zones 1–4 shown on the photograph .
describe each of the [areas] 1–4 shown on the photograph .

Why are property developers replacing many of the older terraced houses in the twilight zones by much taller buildings , either for flats or offices ?
why are property developers replacing many of the older terraced houses in the twilight [areas] by much taller buildings , either for flats or offices ?

Manchester and Liverpool have three zones :
manchester and liverpool have three [areas] :

In what pattern , or positions , are these zones arranged ?
in what pattern , or positions , are these [areas] arranged ?

As long as teachers are sensitive to children ’ s diversity and work with small groups and individual children within their “ zones , ” there is no reason to hold a child out of kindergarten .
as long as teachers are sensitive to children ’ s diversity and work with small groups and individual children within their “ [areas] , ” there is no reason to hold a child out of kindergarten .

Although more evidence is needed to be sure , perhaps classrooms that create “ zones ” for learning , with many of the features I described in Chapter 6 , spark sufficient enthusiasm for literacy pursuits among boys that they reduce the well-known gender gap in reading and writing achievement .
although more evidence is needed to be sure , perhaps classrooms that create “ [areas] ” for learning , with many of the features i described in chapter 6 , spark sufficient enthusiasm for literacy pursuits among boys that they reduce the well-known gender gap in reading and writing achievement .

Parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative capabilities , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , grant them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ zones ” —sure routes to realizing their potential .
parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative capabilities , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , grant them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ [areas] ” —sure routes to realizing their potential .

These capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of additional “ zones , ” enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .
these capacities , in turn , ease the task of establishing an intersubjective connection , and that connection provides the platform for the creation of additional “ [areas] , ” enabling children to master complex , culturally adaptive skills .

With those authors , they can forge highly varied and vastly expanded “ zones ” for learning .
with those authors , they can forge highly varied and vastly expanded “ [areas] ” for learning .

Consistent with Vygotsky ’ s theory , they create their own “ zones , ” frequently calling on self-directed language to work out their imaginings and bring behavior under the control of thought .
consistent with vygotsky ’ s theory , they create their own “ [areas] , ” frequently calling on self-directed language to work out their imaginings and bring behavior under the control of thought .

The Rio Grande blanket has particular characteristics , with designs that include wide bands and various zones of narrow stripes .
the rio grande blanket has particular characteristics , with designs that include wide bands and various [areas] of narrow stripes .

The Church of the Nativity , like the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , is divided into zones of possession among Christian sects , but visitors are free to wander from one to another .
the church of the nativity , like the church of the holy sepulcher , is divided into [areas] of possession among christian sects , but visitors are free to wander from one to another .

Recommended Hotels Madeira ’ s hotels , many of them traditional , older style accommodations , have long have been clustered in the hotel and tourist zones hugging Funchal ’ s western coast .
recommended hotels madeira ’ s hotels , many of them traditional , older style accommodations , have long have been clustered in the hotel and tourist [areas] hugging funchal ’ s western coast .

After the Opium Wars , Hankou was carved up into British , French , German , Japanese , and Russian zones of influence .
after the opium wars , hankou was carved up into british , french , german , japanese , and russian [areas] of influence .

Manzanillo ‘ s best birdwatching takes place in the several lagoons that lie along the coastline , especially Laguna de las Garzas , ( also know as Laguna de San Pedrito ) , and Laguna de Cuyutlán — both near the downtown and hotel zones .
manzanillo ‘ s best birdwatching takes place in the several lagoons that lie along the coastline , especially laguna de las garzas , ( also know as laguna de san pedrito ) , and laguna de cuyutlán — both near the downtown and hotel [areas] .

Fewer than 2,000 courtyard dwellings are preserved in cultural protection zones .
fewer than 2,000 courtyard dwellings are preserved in cultural protection [areas] .

David Lubitz of D.C. 's Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman , challenged an Annapolis , Md. , ordinance allowing the police to eject people from designated `` drug loitering-free zones . ''
david lubitz of d.c. 's swidler berlin shereff friedman , challenged an annapolis , md. , ordinance allowing the police to eject people from designated `` drug loitering-free [areas] . ''

Two trading zones are established , and , only allowances allocated or auctioned for a given zone may be used by facilities within that zone to meet the requirement to hold allowances covering emissions .
two trading [areas] are established , and , only allowances allocated or auctioned for a given zone may be used by facilities within that zone to meet the requirement to hold allowances covering emissions .

Thus , the two separate allowances pools for the two zones are separately allocated .
thus , the two separate allowances pools for the two [areas] are separately allocated .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two zones .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 454 provides two default methods for compliance , both of which are implemented separately for the two [areas] .

In addition , because of existence of corrosive zones , preference is often given to the use of large-sized sheets that minimize welding.2 Large-sized sheets are used to fabricate the absorber vessel , the ductwork , and supports .
in addition , because of existence of corrosive [areas] , preference is often given to the use of large-sized sheets that minimize welding.2 large-sized sheets are used to fabricate the absorber vessel , the ductwork , and supports .

The Postal Service has established the zones and the ZIP Codes that are now used by all carriers .
the postal service has established the [areas] and the zip codes that are now used by all carriers .

Specifically , the Postal Service establishes the zones and the ZIP Codes , guards privacy , forwards mail , and protects against crime .
specifically , the postal service establishes the [areas] and the zip codes , guards privacy , forwards mail , and protects against crime .

The NYPD precincts were divided into 35 different radio zones , with a central radio dispatcher assigned to each .
the nypd precincts were divided into 35 different radio [areas] , with a central radio dispatcher assigned to each .

As a result , chiefs in the lobby disagreed over whether anyone at or above the impact zone possibly could be rescued , or whether there should be even limited firefighting for the purpose of cutting exit routes through fire zones .
as a result , chiefs in the lobby disagreed over whether anyone at or above the impact zone possibly could be rescued , or whether there should be even limited firefighting for the purpose of cutting exit routes through fire [areas] .

Of this number , 1,942 or 94.64 percent either worked or were supposed to attend a meeting at or above the respective impact zones of the Twin Towers ; only 110 , or 5.36 percent of those who died , worked below the impact zone .
of this number , 1,942 or 94.64 percent either worked or were supposed to attend a meeting at or above the respective impact [areas] of the twin towers ; only 110 , or 5.36 percent of those who died , worked below the impact zone .

The FDNY ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , regardless of whether they were above or below the impact zones .
the fdny ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 operators and fdny dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , regardless of whether they were above or below the impact [areas] .

For the 35 radio zones , see NYPD report , `` Radio Zones , '' undated .
for the 35 radio [areas] , see nypd report , `` radio [areas] , '' undated .

From May 20 to 24 , the CIA ran a final , graded rehearsal of the operation , spread over three time zones , even bringing in personnel from the region .
from may 20 to 24 , the cia ran a final , graded rehearsal of the operation , spread over three time [areas] , even bringing in personnel from the region .

The CENTCOM commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to Iraqi moves shortly after 9/11 , both because he personally felt that Iraq and al Qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that Saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of Iraq , where the United States was flying regular missions to enforce Iraqi no-fly zones .
the centcom commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to iraqi moves shortly after 9/11 , both because he personally felt that iraq and al qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of iraq , where the united states was flying regular missions to enforce iraqi no-fly [areas] .

These sites were selected by dividing the country 's six geopolitical zones into two sections—north and south—in order to capture geographical and other differences and then randomly selecting two of three zones from each section .
these sites were selected by dividing the country 's six geopolitical [areas] into two sections—north and south—in order to capture geographical and other differences and then randomly selecting two of three [areas] from each section .

Within the four selected zones , using health-care facility lists compiled by Nigeria 's Federal Ministry of Health [ 17 ] , we identified states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly selected one of these states from each zone .
within the four selected [areas] , using health-care facility lists compiled by nigeria 's federal ministry of health [ 17 ] , we identified states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly selected one of these states from each zone .

To control for clustering and design effect , the sample was weighted by the number of states selected with a tertiary facility from each of six selected geopolitical zones , the number of local government areas per location , the number of facilities selected from each local government area , and the response rate in each location .
to control for clustering and design effect , the sample was weighted by the number of states selected with a tertiary facility from each of six selected geopolitical [areas] , the number of local government areas per location , the number of facilities selected from each local government area , and the response rate in each location .

Studies looking for reinforcement have also led to insights into the formation and maintenance of hybrid zones ( e.g. , Butlin 1998 ; Britch et al .
studies looking for reinforcement have also led to insights into the formation and maintenance of hybrid [areas] ( e.g. , butlin 1998 ; britch et al .

It is important to identify and understand the properties of species pairs that make extensive introgression , extinction , stable hybrid zones , or reinforcement likely outcomes of such contact .
it is important to identify and understand the properties of species pairs that make extensive introgression , extinction , stable hybrid [areas] , or reinforcement likely outcomes of such contact .

However , the zones of high hydrocarbon turnover and sulfide flux at seeps are often limited to only a few centimeters below the seafloor , depending on hydrocarbon flows and the rate of sulfate transport from the bottom water into the sediments .
however , the [areas] of high hydrocarbon turnover and sulfide flux at seeps are often limited to only a few centimeters below the seafloor , depending on hydrocarbon flows and the rate of sulfate transport from the bottom water into the sediments .

Seep tubeworms take up sulfide from the sulfide-rich subsurface sediment zones through the roots , but , crucially , they may also release sulfate through the roots as a byproduct of sulfide oxidation by the tubeworm 's endosymbiont .
seep tubeworms take up sulfide from the sulfide-rich subsurface sediment [areas] through the roots , but , crucially , they may also release sulfate through the roots as a byproduct of sulfide oxidation by the tubeworm 's endosymbiont .

One management strategy to recover species is to create marine protected areas ( MPAs ) , zones that restrict all removal of marine life ( Box 2 ) .
one management strategy to recover species is to create marine protected areas ( mpas ) , [areas] that restrict all removal of marine life ( box 2 ) .

However successful , these programs have not reached the border zones with India where HIV infection has risen dramatically among IDUs .
however successful , these programs have not reached the border [areas] with india where hiv infection has risen dramatically among idus .

These are called ‘ dead zones ’ , but they are no more ‘ dead ’ than the Dead Sea , which is actually teeming with life—just not fish .
these are called ‘ dead [areas] ’ , but they are no more ‘ dead ’ than the dead sea , which is actually teeming with life—just not fish .

The Indianapolis Zoo 's botanical collection is unique because it is the only habitat botanical garden in the country .This means that our plants are grouped together in displays that replicate or duplicate the ecology of the world 's major environmental zones .
the indianapolis zoo 's botanical collection is unique because it is the only habitat botanical garden in the country .this means that our plants are grouped together in displays that replicate or duplicate the ecology of the world 's major environmental [areas] .

The NYT says that wrangling over controversial peanut-free zones on commercial airlines , an issue of special concern to Georgia 's Newt Gingrich , was one of several factors that delayed the vote .
the nyt says that wrangling over controversial peanut-free [areas] on commercial airlines , an issue of special concern to georgia 's newt gingrich , was one of several factors that delayed the vote .

COLORADO SPRINGS , Dec. 31 -- The new decade arrived well before dawn here today at Peterson Air Force Base , but there was more relief than celebration as the world 's 24 time zones began passing from the 20th century without nuclear conflagration .
colorado springs , dec. 31 -- the new decade arrived well before dawn here today at peterson air force base , but there was more relief than celebration as the world 's 24 time [areas] began passing from the 20th century without nuclear conflagration .

Since then , Saddam Hussein has repeatedly defied the no-fly zones , using his jets , radar , and anti-aircraft weapons to provoke allied pilots .
since then , saddam hussein has repeatedly defied the no-fly [areas] , using his jets , radar , and anti-aircraft weapons to provoke allied pilots .

U.S. officials indicate that pilots patrolling the no-fly zones deliberately pass over predetermined targets , obviously in the hope that the Iraqis will provoke them .
u.s. officials indicate that pilots patrolling the no-fly [areas] deliberately pass over predetermined targets , obviously in the hope that the iraqis will provoke them .

In January alone , allied aircraft patrolling the no-fly zones dropped some 60 bombs and missiles on Saddam 's air defenses , scoring more hits than they achieved in December 's four day campaign .
in january alone , allied aircraft patrolling the no-fly [areas] dropped some 60 bombs and missiles on saddam 's air defenses , scoring more hits than they achieved in december 's four day campaign .

It should be to create zones where people can raise children in safety even if they must travel elsewhere to work .
it should be to create [areas] where people can raise children in safety even if they must travel elsewhere to work .

For the second time since the U.S. bombing campaign two weeks ago , Iraqi anti-aircraft outposts tried to shoot down U.S. and British planes that were patrolling `` no-fly zones '' over Iraq .
for the second time since the u.s. bombing campaign two weeks ago , iraqi anti-aircraft outposts tried to shoot down u.s. and british planes that were patrolling `` no-fly [areas] '' over iraq .

President Clinton says U.S. planes will continue to enforce the no-fly zones to prevent Iraq from using air power to prey on its domestic or foreign enemies .
president clinton says u.s. planes will continue to enforce the no-fly [areas] to prevent iraq from using air power to prey on its domestic or foreign enemies .

When you tire of the staidness and bipartisanship of the mainstream BBSs , invade the free-fire zones of FreeRepublic.com and Lucianne .
when you tire of the staidness and bipartisanship of the mainstream bbss , invade the free-fire [areas] of freerepublic.com and lucianne .

THE WORLD 'S MOST DANGEROUS PLACES , The Hard-Core Adventurers Guide to Getting in , Getting Around , and Getting Out , by Robert Young Pelton and Coskun Aral : `` This guide is packed with inside info on how to make your way though hot spots , war zones and lethal lands , whether it 's Bosnia , Botswana or the South Bronx . ''
the world 's most dangerous places , the hard-core adventurers guide to getting in , getting around , and getting out , by robert young pelton and coskun aral : `` this guide is packed with inside info on how to make your way though hot spots , war [areas] and lethal lands , whether it 's bosnia , botswana or the south bronx . ''

The Transportation Department has informed airlines that under new disability rules , it must provide `` peanut-free buffer zones '' -- defined as at least three rows -- for any passenger who declares in advance a medically documented severe allergy to peanuts .
the transportation department has informed airlines that under new disability rules , it must provide `` peanut-free buffer [areas] '' -- defined as at least three rows -- for any passenger who declares in advance a medically documented severe allergy to peanuts .

Others have declared peanut-free zones or set up committees to figure out what to do .
others have declared peanut-free [areas] or set up committees to figure out what to do .

Mall Santas now must keep their hands visible and touch kids only in `` safe '' zones .
mall santas now must keep their hands visible and touch kids only in `` safe '' [areas] .

Similarly , Kemp adds `` ideas '' to his collection -- supply-side economics , the gold standard , enterprise zones , school vouchers -- then immediately puts them behind glass .
similarly , kemp adds `` ideas '' to his collection -- supply-side economics , the gold standard , enterprise [areas] , school vouchers -- then immediately puts them behind glass .

Sometimes the author himself seems to float upward on a gust of wind , into the airy zones of fable , which seem to have been his instinctive home .
sometimes the author himself seems to float upward on a gust of wind , into the airy [areas] of fable , which seem to have been his instinctive home .

Harrer not only teaches the Dalai Lama about radios and time zones but also befriends the `` god king '' and is apparently his sole source of informal contact and entertainment .
harrer not only teaches the dalai lama about radios and time [areas] but also befriends the `` god king '' and is apparently his sole source of informal contact and entertainment .

William Butler Yeats liked to organize his life into zones and areas , but he was a biased cartographer of these regions .
william butler yeats liked to organize his life into [areas] and areas , but he was a biased cartographer of these regions .

Some places , however , have designated themselves `` scent-free zones , '' but certainly a small number .
some places , however , have designated themselves `` scent-free [areas] , '' but certainly a small number .

If Chinese leaders are freed from the burden of domestic pandering , they should be able to calmly find their zones of common interest with the West and cut the appropriate deals .
if chinese leaders are freed from the burden of domestic pandering , they should be able to calmly find their [areas] of common interest with the west and cut the appropriate deals .

The drug warriors seek more drug-free zones .
the drug warriors seek more drug-free [areas] .

Zahra referred to an interview Monday in the Turkish daily Milliyet in which Frank Ricciardone , the American diplomat in charge of `` transition '' in Iraq , said that the division of Iraq imposed by the no-fly zones was intended to be permanent .
zahra referred to an interview monday in the turkish daily milliyet in which frank ricciardone , the american diplomat in charge of `` transition '' in iraq , said that the division of iraq imposed by the no-fly [areas] was intended to be permanent .

Any day now , you should expect to hear Clinton and lackeys proposing to expand `` gun-free school zones , '' the supposedly `` safe '' areas around schools where guns are banned .
any day now , you should expect to hear clinton and lackeys proposing to expand `` gun-free school [areas] , '' the supposedly `` safe '' areas around schools where guns are banned .

President Clinton calls our gun-free schools `` safe zones , '' but this is a perverted idea of safety : Law-abiding students are defenseless while predatory juvenile delinquents , armed to the teeth , are free to roam .
president clinton calls our gun-free schools `` safe [areas] , '' but this is a perverted idea of safety : law-abiding students are defenseless while predatory juvenile delinquents , armed to the teeth , are free to roam .

Nato did hold its line in how it carved up peacekeeping zones : The French will govern the region that Russia coveted .
nato did hold its line in how it carved up peacekeeping [areas] : the french will govern the region that russia coveted .

Fraser has a long , rangy body and a gee-whiz openness that makes him perfect for a comic-book hero , and the lovely Weisz -- whose eyes are so far apart that they 're almost in different time zones -- brings a screwball aplomb to the dizzy distaff Egyptologist .
fraser has a long , rangy body and a gee-whiz openness that makes him perfect for a comic-book hero , and the lovely weisz -- whose eyes are so far apart that they 're almost in different time [areas] -- brings a screwball aplomb to the dizzy distaff egyptologist .

Whenever Prudie hears such a declaration , she basically zones out , and the remark has the same weight as `` I just had the best cheese Danish . ''
whenever prudie hears such a declaration , she basically [areas] out , and the remark has the same weight as `` i just had the best cheese danish . ''

Property owned by Arab refugees , who either fled war zones or were forced from their homes by the Israeli army ( another long-standing controversy ) , was also taken over by individual Jews or confiscated by the government .
property owned by arab refugees , who either fled war [areas] or were forced from their homes by the israeli army ( another long-standing controversy ) , was also taken over by individual jews or confiscated by the government .

Stuart Butler , a Brit who runs the domestic-policy shop , has done solid work on enterprise zones , and took pains to develop a conscientious conservative alternative to the Clinton health-care plan .
stuart butler , a brit who runs the domestic-policy shop , has done solid work on enterprise [areas] , and took pains to develop a conscientious conservative alternative to the clinton health-care plan .

He offers two reasons why we must replace the welfare state , three steps toward success , Four Great Truths of our Generation , five Pillars of Freedom and Progress , seven aspects of committing ourselves to real change , nine zones of invention and creativity , 10 steps toward Renewing American Civilization , 13 Renewing America Strategies , 14 steps to replacing the welfare state with an opportunity society , and 17 key factors in a House victory .
he offers two reasons why we must replace the welfare state , three steps toward success , four great truths of our generation , five pillars of freedom and progress , seven aspects of committing ourselves to real change , nine [areas] of invention and creativity , 10 steps toward renewing american civilization , 13 renewing america strategies , 14 steps to replacing the welfare state with an opportunity society , and 17 key factors in a house victory .

Bill Clinton touched all the party 's erogenous zones , wooing each faction into the illusion that he loved it alone .
bill clinton touched all the party 's erogenous [areas] , wooing each faction into the illusion that he loved it alone .

The Los Angeles Times leads with a California court decision giving companies more power to fire older employees , but has two budget articles on the front -- one about how the deal might defang last year 's welfare reform law , the other about how it might stimulate real estate sales in such welfare-free zones as Newport Beach .
the los angeles times leads with a california court decision giving companies more power to fire older employees , but has two budget articles on the front -- one about how the deal might defang last year 's welfare reform law , the other about how it might stimulate real estate sales in such welfare-free [areas] as newport beach .

The LAT front and inside stories at the WP and NYT report that President Clinton has allowed U.S. aircrews to adopt more aggressive rules of engagement as they enforce the Iraqi `` no-fly '' zones .
the lat front and inside stories at the wp and nyt report that president clinton has allowed u.s. aircrews to adopt more aggressive rules of engagement as they enforce the iraqi `` no-fly '' [areas] .

If Hussein 's goal is not so much to shoot down a U.S. plane as to keep the no-fly zones in the news , his strategy may be self-defeating : The LAT puts the story above the fold , but repetition is driving it inside elsewhere -- page 12 at USAT , page 29 at the Post .
if hussein 's goal is not so much to shoot down a u.s. plane as to keep the no-fly [areas] in the news , his strategy may be self-defeating : the lat puts the story above the fold , but repetition is driving it inside elsewhere -- page 12 at usat , page 29 at the post .

The LAT and NYT explain that the no-fly zones were not explicitly established by the U.N. , but are rather a U.S. creation .
the lat and nyt explain that the no-fly [areas] were not explicitly established by the u.n. , but are rather a u.s. creation .

Clinton 's adamance about the zones fits well with the NYT 's claim that many in the know in Washington believe yet another military confrontation with Iraq is inevitable in the weeks ahead .
clinton 's adamance about the [areas] fits well with the nyt 's claim that many in the know in washington believe yet another military confrontation with iraq is inevitable in the weeks ahead .

According to the LAT lead , yesterday 's combat over Iraq represents both the determination of the U.S. to enforce the `` no-fly '' zones and of Saddam Hussein to flout them .
according to the lat lead , yesterday 's combat over iraq represents both the determination of the u.s. to enforce the `` no-fly '' [areas] and of saddam hussein to flout them .

