Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone .
division six will be headed by the coast guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , puerto rico , the virgin islands , guam , american samoa , the trust territories and the canal [area] .

Pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats , the shrinking strike zone , and the fact that the knock-down pitch is now illegal .
pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats , the shrinking strike [area] , and the fact that the knock-down pitch is now illegal .

Though Walter Ulbricht , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone .
though walter ulbricht , by grace of soviet tanks , may be head man in east germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of east berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the soviet [area] .

For some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas .
for some time the communists honored the distinction between the soviet [area] of germany and the soviet sector of berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas .

He was delighted to learn that the Post Office Department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from Representatives in Congress to their constituents without the use of stamps , names , addresses or even zone numbers .
he was delighted to learn that the post office department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from representatives in congress to their constituents without the use of stamps , names , addresses or even [area] numbers .

This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone .
this is especially important if you live in a mild-winter [area] .

In a long , rambling ranch , two such units can be installed , one serving the living area , the other the sleeping zone .
in a long , rambling ranch , two such units can be installed , one serving the living area , the other the sleeping [area] .

In each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control .
in each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual [area] control .

Later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions , as we understand them , within their zone of influence .
later it developed that the soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the big three should unite in establishing democratic conditions , as we understand them , within their [area] of influence .

In general , members of NAIRO would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence zone .
in general , members of nairo would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence [area] .

Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone , Sigmen City would blaze out into space .
hal knew that when that side of earth rotated into the night [area] , sigmen city would blaze out into space .

Hercules transport aircraft have begun flying to the Gulf in support of the new air exclusion zone in Southern Iraq .
hercules transport aircraft have begun flying to the gulf in support of the new air exclusion [area] in southern iraq .

His mother made the agonising decision to leave her husband and family to get her little boy away from a war zone these people describe as sheer hell .
his mother made the agonising decision to leave her husband and family to get her little boy away from a war [area] these people describe as sheer hell .

It means Oxford finish in 14th place ; a million miles away from the relegation zone .
it means oxford finish in 14th place ; a million miles away from the relegation [area] .

Drop zone clear , weather conditions are good .
drop [area] clear , weather conditions are good .

To the west in San Diego , the drop zone team are continually checking conditons .
to the west in san diego , the drop [area] team are continually checking conditons .

Tonight , 15 planes are heading for the British Drop Zone .
tonight , 15 planes are heading for the british drop [area] .

For two hours , they 're packed together as the Hercules fly low above the make believe battle zone .
for two hours , they 're packed together as the hercules fly low above the make believe battle [area] .

Tonight , 15 planes are heading for the British Drop Zone .
tonight , 15 planes are heading for the british drop [area] .

For two hours , they 're packed together as the Hercules fly low above the make believe battle zone .
for two hours , they 're packed together as the hercules fly low above the make believe battle [area] .

Now the headmaster who brought them here wants to return to the war zone to bring out more refugees . Alison Mackenzie reports
now the headmaster who brought them here wants to return to the war [area] to bring out more refugees . alison mackenzie reports

The idea is to jump from a height of four and a half thousand feet to a tiny disc in the jump zone .
the idea is to jump from a height of four and a half thousand feet to a tiny disc in the jump [area] .

Despite their improving results , United are still in the relegation zone .
despite their improving results , united are still in the relegation [area] .

Despite their improving results , United are still in the relegation zone .
despite their improving results , united are still in the relegation [area] .

Only 4 points between them and the dreaded relegation zone .
only 4 points between them and the dreaded relegation [area] .

United still need the points to pull clear of the dropping zone .
united still need the points to pull clear of the dropping [area] .

Aid workers from the Bosnia Aid Committee of Oxford had apparently gone missing for 4 days in the war zone .
aid workers from the bosnia aid committee of oxford had apparently gone missing for 4 days in the war [area] .

As they moved on , the Home Secretary was declaring a five mile exclusion zone around last summer 's biggest campsite .
as they moved on , the home secretary was declaring a five mile exclusion [area] around last summer 's biggest campsite .

Officers are visiting 17 New Age Travellers sites with a simple message — stay away from a 5-mile exclusion zone around Castlemorton Common over this Bank Holiday weekend or you 're likely to be arrested .
officers are visiting 17 new age travellers sites with a simple message — stay away from a 5-mile exclusion [area] around castlemorton common over this bank holiday weekend or you 're likely to be arrested .

The exclusion zone approved by the Home Secretary bans any procession or convoy of vehicles in the area .
the exclusion [area] approved by the home secretary bans any procession or convoy of vehicles in the area .

Iraq has refused to withdraw missiles from the no-fly zone in the South of the country with the expiry of the United Nations deadline just hours away .
iraq has refused to withdraw missiles from the no-fly [area] in the south of the country with the expiry of the united nations deadline just hours away .

Oil slick prompts no-fishing zone
oil slick prompts no-fishing [area]

At fifteen , Harriet Hunt will be the youngest competitor in the West European Zone .
at fifteen , harriet hunt will be the youngest competitor in the west european [area] .

Tomorrow she switches to adult competition and the West European zone of the Women 's World Championships .
tomorrow she switches to adult competition and the west european [area] of the women 's world championships .

Israelis withdraw into security zone
israelis withdraw into security [area]

Israeli troops have withdrawn into their self-declared security zone in Southern Lebanon .
israeli troops have withdrawn into their self-declared security [area] in southern lebanon .

Travellers not welcome.Exclusion zone to stop another hippy party .
travellers not welcome.exclusion [area] to stop another hippy party .

An exclusion zone order was last used to keep revellers away from Stonehenge .
an exclusion [area] order was last used to keep revellers away from stonehenge .

More recently the Hercules has again headed for a battle zone .
more recently the hercules has again headed for a battle [area] .

You fly to the drop zone , the loadmaster removes the restraints , navigator says action stations , then the red light , then the green light and the load is dispatched .
you fly to the drop [area] , the loadmaster removes the restraints , navigator says action stations , then the red light , then the green light and the load is dispatched .

Oxford began the night teetering on the brink of the relegation zone and pulse rates soared as early as the second minute .
oxford began the night teetering on the brink of the relegation [area] and pulse rates soared as early as the second minute .

Gathered around the drop zone were children from several local schools .
gathered around the drop [area] were children from several local schools .

It 's the situation no football club wants … in the relegation zone with no guarantee that even winning their last game will save them .
it 's the situation no football club wants … in the relegation [area] with no guarantee that even winning their last game will save them .

Nearly everyone came down according to plan , but Sgt Paul Flood surprised everyone by missing the drop zone and coming down behind the crowd .
nearly everyone came down according to plan , but sgt paul flood surprised everyone by missing the drop [area] and coming down behind the crowd .

She says the no fly zone may be protecting Kurdish refugees from attack , but many are now running short of food and fuel .
she says the no fly [area] may be protecting kurdish refugees from attack , but many are now running short of food and fuel .

And today Peter Coleridge , who 's also from Oxford , told a news conference about the plight of ordinary Iraqis in the Southern no fly zone .
and today peter coleridge , who 's also from oxford , told a news conference about the plight of ordinary iraqis in the southern no fly [area] .

Meanwhile Hereford 's great escape from the relegation zone is going to plan — four games now without defeat .
meanwhile hereford 's great escape from the relegation [area] is going to plan — four games now without defeat .

Human athletes have a recognised safe zone of physiological training parameters to help reduce training injuries .
human athletes have a recognised safe [area] of physiological training parameters to help reduce training injuries .

For each time zone , or for
for each time [area] , or for

We need to prepare some zone plans and gazetteers maybe .
we need to prepare some [area] plans and gazetteers maybe .

You 're out of the war zone now .
you 're out of the war [area] now .

If you 'd gone into a , with an opposing team 's colours into a standing zone police would n't have let you go in there let alone wa you wanting to go there .
if you 'd gone into a , with an opposing team 's colours into a standing [area] police would n't have let you go in there let alone wa you wanting to go there .

Cos they they they 've obviously not made sense to realise that , a dog might run out in front of you but you 're doing sixty in a in a sixty zone and forty in a forty zone you 're gon na have to slam on your anyway so it 's them gon na be stupid , it 's not you being
cos they they they 've obviously not made sense to realise that , a dog might run out in front of you but you 're doing sixty in a in a sixty [area] and forty in a forty [area] you 're gon na have to slam on your anyway so it 's them gon na be stupid , it 's not you being

There 's a new zone in the Crystal Maze .
there 's a new [area] in the crystal maze .

Sonic two zone ha .
sonic two [area] ha .

Lebanese police said several artillery rounds fired from Israel 's self-styled security zone in the south of the country had crashed before dawn on suspected guerrilla strongholds overlooking the deportees ' camp .
lebanese police said several artillery rounds fired from israel 's self-styled security [area] in the south of the country had crashed before dawn on suspected guerrilla strongholds overlooking the deportees ' camp .

In her statement to MPs , Mrs Bottomley said the reforms would be carried through by an implementation group , and a London initiative zone would make sure the reforms cover the most deprived areas of the city .
in her statement to mps , mrs bottomley said the reforms would be carried through by an implementation group , and a london initiative [area] would make sure the reforms cover the most deprived areas of the city .

Exclusion zone for Bonham-Carter fan
exclusion [area] for bonham-carter fan

Also preparing to hit the lobbying trail are Argyll & Bute district councillors , shocked to learn that they are apparently excluded from the Highlands and Islands Objective 1 zone because the district is in Strathclyde region .
also preparing to hit the lobbying trail are argyll & bute district councillors , shocked to learn that they are apparently excluded from the highlands and islands objective 1 [area] because the district is in strathclyde region .

Logically there are three alternative objectives for controlling traffic in any specific zone . These are :
logically there are three alternative objectives for controlling traffic in any specific [area] . these are :

Between 5.2 and around 6 is an intermediate zone which is fine provided the patient has no other risk factors .
between 5.2 and around 6 is an intermediate [area] which is fine provided the patient has no other risk factors .

Conventional welding gives you a very large heat affected zone and that can distort the material or alter its properties in some way and potentially damage or weaken a structure .
conventional welding gives you a very large heat affected [area] and that can distort the material or alter its properties in some way and potentially damage or weaken a structure .

Traffic-free zone starts this month
traffic-free [area] starts this month

He denied allegations he was leaving because the Quakers are in Division Three 's relegation zone .
he denied allegations he was leaving because the quakers are in division three 's relegation [area] .

Handicapped drivers and cyclists have also protested at their exclusion from the zone .
handicapped drivers and cyclists have also protested at their exclusion from the [area] .

Briefly the traffic free zone legislation means all vehicles will be barred from entering Skinnergate , High Row and the bottom end of Duke Street between 10.30am and 4pm on Mondays to Saturdays .
briefly the traffic free [area] legislation means all vehicles will be barred from entering skinnergate , high row and the bottom end of duke street between 10.30am and 4pm on mondays to saturdays .

But despite being inside an infected zone , Montgomery Taylor twice took his pigs to Darlington auction mart .
but despite being inside an infected [area] , montgomery taylor twice took his pigs to darlington auction mart .

Checks revealed they were from the infected zone .
checks revealed they were from the infected [area] .

He said anyone in the infected zone was severely restricted on the movement of pigs regardless of whether their animals had the disease .
he said anyone in the infected [area] was severely restricted on the movement of pigs regardless of whether their animals had the disease .

They could only leave the zone if they were going directly to the slaughter house .
they could only leave the [area] if they were going directly to the slaughter house .

But , despite being inside an infected zone , Montgomery Taylor twice took his pigs to Darlington Auction Mart .
but , despite being inside an infected [area] , montgomery taylor twice took his pigs to darlington auction mart .

Checks revealed they were from the infected zone .
checks revealed they were from the infected [area] .

He said anyone in the infected zone was severely restricted on the movement of pigs regardless of whether their animals had the disease .
he said anyone in the infected [area] was severely restricted on the movement of pigs regardless of whether their animals had the disease .

They could only leave the zone if they were going directly to the slaughter house .
they could only leave the [area] if they were going directly to the slaughter house .

‘ We protest against this aggression in the allied protection zone , ’ she said .
‘ we protest against this aggression in the allied protection [area] , ’ she said .

His report recommends a total ban , without alternative provision for smokers , followed by a smoke-free zone in all other Lothian education establishments and offices .
his report recommends a total ban , without alternative provision for smokers , followed by a smoke-free [area] in all other lothian education establishments and offices .

The Yugoslav air force denied any of its aircraft had violated the air exclusion zone .
the yugoslav air force denied any of its aircraft had violated the air exclusion [area] .

France and Britain meanwhile joined the United States in pushing for enforcement of a no-fly zone .
france and britain meanwhile joined the united states in pushing for enforcement of a no-fly [area] .

She said that a tree expert had been consulted and was coming back to the council with advice on the breadth of a ‘ stand-off ’ zone to ensure no damage to the beech roots .
she said that a tree expert had been consulted and was coming back to the council with advice on the breadth of a ‘ stand-off ’ [area] to ensure no damage to the beech roots .

Military enforcement of the no-fly zone would be implemented to prevent Serbian war planes from attacking Muslim villages .
military enforcement of the no-fly [area] would be implemented to prevent serbian war planes from attacking muslim villages .

The two Sea Kings narrowly escaped being hit as shells crashed around the landing zone in the Srebrenica football stadium .
the two sea kings narrowly escaped being hit as shells crashed around the landing [area] in the srebrenica football stadium .

Just moments after the French left , the Serbs fired ten shells into the landing zone wounding the two Canadians and a young Muslim girl .
just moments after the french left , the serbs fired ten shells into the landing [area] wounding the two canadians and a young muslim girl .

Shells crashed around the football stadium landing zone while the injured were being carried on board .
shells crashed around the football stadium landing [area] while the injured were being carried on board .

His enforced absence for the remainder of the season is a cruel blow to the Edinburgh side for they are one of four clubs sitting in the danger zone .
his enforced absence for the remainder of the season is a cruel blow to the edinburgh side for they are one of four clubs sitting in the danger [area] .

Meanwhile , three weeks ago , Heriot 's lost a friendly by 50 points at Poynder Park and before the start of Saturday 's game , they were still in the relegation zone .
meanwhile , three weeks ago , heriot 's lost a friendly by 50 points at poynder park and before the start of saturday 's game , they were still in the relegation [area] .

As it transpired , all four performed sufficiently well to satisfy the manager , but insufficiently to fashion out a much-needed win for the Dark Blues outfit currently flirting with danger on the fringe of the Premier League 's relegation zone .
as it transpired , all four performed sufficiently well to satisfy the manager , but insufficiently to fashion out a much-needed win for the dark blues outfit currently flirting with danger on the fringe of the premier league 's relegation [area] .

That fact was not lost on Dundee player-manager Simon Stainrod after Saturday 's blow to his aim of steering his side clear of the relegation zone .
that fact was not lost on dundee player-manager simon stainrod after saturday 's blow to his aim of steering his side clear of the relegation [area] .

The flamboyant Englishman hurried back into his own plans on Saturday after completing a four-game suspension , and how this paid off , as Dundee continued their push clear of the relegation zone .
the flamboyant englishman hurried back into his own plans on saturday after completing a four-game suspension , and how this paid off , as dundee continued their push clear of the relegation [area] .

Ministers , therefore , were airily content to allow the Europhobes on both sides of the Commons to let off steam in the twilight zone of arcane — and effectively futile — argument as the bill made its gruelling passage through committee stage .
ministers , therefore , were airily content to allow the europhobes on both sides of the commons to let off steam in the twilight [area] of arcane — and effectively futile — argument as the bill made its gruelling passage through committee stage .

Brave veterans can cruise through danger zone
brave veterans can cruise through danger [area]

Ottaway , who is stationed at Catterick and has two children , even wrote his first eight-hour assignment for his last course in the cargo hold of the Hercules as they flew out to the Gulf battle zone last year .
ottaway , who is stationed at catterick and has two children , even wrote his first eight-hour assignment for his last course in the cargo hold of the hercules as they flew out to the gulf battle [area] last year .

McHale is toying with the idea of a complete reshuffle as the Seasiders bid to climb closer to the Fourth Division play-off zone .
mchale is toying with the idea of a complete reshuffle as the seasiders bid to climb closer to the fourth division play-off [area] .

But now they are fifth from bottom , one place above the relegation zone , after a seven match unbeaten run and three straight wins .
but now they are fifth from bottom , one place above the relegation [area] , after a seven match unbeaten run and three straight wins .

Unless some controls are imposed the centre of Darlington is threatened with becoming a total exclusion zone for anyone over the age of 35 .
unless some controls are imposed the centre of darlington is threatened with becoming a total exclusion [area] for anyone over the age of 35 .

Make the ‘ low flags ’ area a nonstopping zone that is , retain the bus stops on the High Row side but do not allow any stopping at all on the lower side , say , from Woolworths to the Tubwell Row corner .
make the ‘ low flags ’ area a nonstopping [area] that is , retain the bus stops on the high row side but do not allow any stopping at all on the lower side , say , from woolworths to the tubwell row corner .

Brandon slipped into the relegation zone in midweek after both Shildon and West Auckland collected points to move above them .
brandon slipped into the relegation [area] in midweek after both shildon and west auckland collected points to move above them .

The veteran of 11 wars , including Vietnam , was seen by millions of television viewers when he was hit but returned months later to file more moving reports from the war zone .
the veteran of 11 wars , including vietnam , was seen by millions of television viewers when he was hit but returned months later to file more moving reports from the war [area] .

Then there was her mother 's brother , the amateur botanist who took this little mobile curiosity zone on country walks .
then there was her mother 's brother , the amateur botanist who took this little mobile curiosity [area] on country walks .

The slide zone
the slide [area]

Unlike Acupuncture and Acupressure ( Shiatsu ) , which work through complicated pathways throughout the body called Meridian Lines , Reflexology works on a Zone principle .
unlike acupuncture and acupressure ( shiatsu ) , which work through complicated pathways throughout the body called meridian lines , reflexology works on a [area] principle .

forty mile an hour zone .
forty mile an hour [area] .

soldier , Australia , reached , thief , foolish , pearl , zone
soldier , australia , reached , thief , foolish , pearl , [area]

Erm a place like the next zone
erm a place like the next [area]

The next zone
the next [area]

The next zone
the next [area]

yes zone , right malaria
yes [area] , right malaria

The raid devastated Hitler 's strategically vital industrial zone in the Ruhr by breaching the Eder and Molne dams .
the raid devastated hitler 's strategically vital industrial [area] in the ruhr by breaching the eder and molne dams .

‘ Middlesbrough and Cleveland Councils promised to improve access into the Enterprise Zone , and until they do tenants will go elsewhere . ’
‘ middlesbrough and cleveland councils promised to improve access into the enterprise [area] , and until they do tenants will go elsewhere . ’

Mr Newman added the councils ' policy of inaction is shortsighted as a recent survey carried out by property agent Drivers Jonas for English Estates shows that 32pc of all office property in Middlesbrough is situated in the Enterprise Zone .
mr newman added the councils ' policy of inaction is shortsighted as a recent survey carried out by property agent drivers jonas for english estates shows that 32pc of all office property in middlesbrough is situated in the enterprise [area] .

‘ We share the developer 's concern and are aware of the problems of access onto the Enterprise Zone .
‘ we share the developer 's concern and are aware of the problems of access onto the enterprise [area] .

The court heard Largue , 19 , was driving over Victoria Bridge , Stockton , at at least 50mph in a 30mph limit zone .
the court heard largue , 19 , was driving over victoria bridge , stockton , at at least 50mph in a 30mph limit [area] .

Even the House of Commons stepped in and denounced Middlesbrough for attempting to buy their way out of the relegation zone .
even the house of commons stepped in and denounced middlesbrough for attempting to buy their way out of the relegation [area] .

Durham School captain Richard Elliott , who was to have replaced him , will be on the bench as City attempt to move away from the relegation zone .
durham school captain richard elliott , who was to have replaced him , will be on the bench as city attempt to move away from the relegation [area] .

Such a system would benefit Sunderland not only financially there would be full-houses for each match but also the big crowds would surely help the Rokermen to get the safety points they are looking for to climb above the Second Division danger zone .
such a system would benefit sunderland not only financially there would be full-houses for each match but also the big crowds would surely help the rokermen to get the safety points they are looking for to climb above the second division danger [area] .

Ferryhill , who have found themselves on the fringe of the relegation zone , are without four players , all injured , so Wayne Peachey is set to play .
ferryhill , who have found themselves on the fringe of the relegation [area] , are without four players , all injured , so wayne peachey is set to play .

They might as well have ended there as seventh , the place below the play-off zone .
they might as well have ended there as seventh , the place below the play-off [area] .

The modest target posed no problems for the bubbling Pontblyddyn side as they stormed to a winning 67–3 in the 20th over , opener Mark Hughes ( 31 ) and Mark Williams ( 16 ) ensuring that shell-shocked Colwyn missed out on a zone semi-final .
the modest target posed no problems for the bubbling pontblyddyn side as they stormed to a winning 67–3 in the 20th over , opener mark hughes ( 31 ) and mark williams ( 16 ) ensuring that shell-shocked colwyn missed out on a [area] semi-final .

Meanwhile , cup specialists Northop Hall are still on course for a date at Lords in September after sending fancied Christleton tumbling out of the Rothmans National Village Knockout in the zone semi-final .
meanwhile , cup specialists northop hall are still on course for a date at lords in september after sending fancied christleton tumbling out of the rothmans national village knockout in the [area] semi-final .

Paceman Karl Peers , recovered from injury , bagged 3–33 and Darren Peters picked up 2–28 to steer the Hall to a home tie , probably against Styal , in the zone final on Sunday week .
paceman karl peers , recovered from injury , bagged 3–33 and darren peters picked up 2–28 to steer the hall to a home tie , probably against styal , in the [area] final on sunday week .

Orchard House in Wendlebury near Bicester has become an emergency centre receiving refugees direct from the Bosnian War Zone .
orchard house in wendlebury near bicester has become an emergency centre receiving refugees direct from the bosnian war [area] .

2 miles below the drop zone is ready as the Galaxy hoves into view .
2 miles below the drop [area] is ready as the galaxy hoves into view .

The raid in Wadeville industrial zone was followed two hours later by an ambush about four miles away on a mini-bus taxi in which two black passengers were killed .
the raid in wadeville industrial [area] was followed two hours later by an ambush about four miles away on a mini-bus taxi in which two black passengers were killed .

Linda Swindles , who initiated the petition against further development , said she was ‘ absolutely amazed ’ at the extent of the proposed housing zone .
linda swindles , who initiated the petition against further development , said she was ‘ absolutely amazed ’ at the extent of the proposed housing [area] .

Buckinghamshire County Council 's headquarters is now a smoke free zone .
buckinghamshire county council 's headquarters is now a smoke free [area] .

Mr Smith , a Northampton headmaster , has been involved in bringing hundreds of refugees to Britain from the Yugoslav war zone .
mr smith , a northampton headmaster , has been involved in bringing hundreds of refugees to britain from the yugoslav war [area] .

But because his work was right in the heart of the the battle zone there were times when he was forced to kill Serbian soldiers , to save his own life and those of his patients .
but because his work was right in the heart of the the battle [area] there were times when he was forced to kill serbian soldiers , to save his own life and those of his patients .

Work with Royal Logistics Corps plays a crucial role in getting supplies and troops in and out of the war zone .
work with royal logistics corps plays a crucial role in getting supplies and troops in and out of the war [area] .

twilight zone .
twilight [area] .

And Virgin 's boss says there 's a great deal that has to be done to stop more deaths in the crisis zone .
and virgin 's boss says there 's a great deal that has to be done to stop more deaths in the crisis [area] .

In the border zone camps the situation is very much more grim ; er there is an acute shortage of water although the Jordanians are trucking water in 24 hours a day , it is n't at the moment , enough to keep those camps going .
in the border [area] camps the situation is very much more grim ; er there is an acute shortage of water although the jordanians are trucking water in 24 hours a day , it is n't at the moment , enough to keep those camps going .

President de Klerk has said the city should not apply to become an apartheid-free zone before the relevant race laws are scrapped , probably next year .
president de klerk has said the city should not apply to become an apartheid-free [area] before the relevant race laws are scrapped , probably next year .

The George sits just yards from a conservation area , and tonight , when Stroud Council Planning Committee meets , an attempt will be made to extend the zone to include the hotel .
the george sits just yards from a conservation area , and tonight , when stroud council planning committee meets , an attempt will be made to extend the [area] to include the hotel .

Flat rate charging by a single zone is too simplistic .
flat rate charging by a single [area] is too simplistic .

The conflict in Somalia has demanded special expertise to meet the difficulties of working in a war zone .
the conflict in somalia has demanded special expertise to meet the difficulties of working in a war [area] .

The longer Everton are in the danger zone , the more difficult it will be to cast off the self-doubts and flow with confidence .
the longer everton are in the danger [area] , the more difficult it will be to cast off the self-doubts and flow with confidence .

Careful , slow down ! It 's forty mile an hour zone anyway , so he 's in the right and you 're in the wrong anyway .
careful , slow down ! it 's forty mile an hour [area] anyway , so he 's in the right and you 're in the wrong anyway .

It is not a forty mile an hour zone , so you 're in the wrong !
it is not a forty mile an hour [area] , so you 're in the wrong !

the zone starts the zone starts there , thirty .
the [area] starts the [area] starts there , thirty .

no , no , no you know what it means ? you can not stop , you are in a no stopping zone
no , no , no you know what it means ? you can not stop , you are in a no stopping [area]

and then when it 's got that and it 's got end on the bottom here , at the end of the stopping zone , you 've got to know that on a motorway
and then when it 's got that and it 's got end on the bottom here , at the end of the stopping [area] , you 've got to know that on a motorway

no stopping zone
no stopping [area]

Do you really expect us to believe , as you say , that many people feel the buffer zone should be scrapped ?
do you really expect us to believe , as you say , that many people feel the buffer [area] should be scrapped ?

Martin Smith is correct about increasing the buffer zone to four shots .
martin smith is correct about increasing the buffer [area] to four shots .

This is because creatures are subject to a range of ambient temperatures within which they can exist at the lowest , and hence most cost-effective , level of metabolic activity , known as their thermoneutral zone .
this is because creatures are subject to a range of ambient temperatures within which they can exist at the lowest , and hence most cost-effective , level of metabolic activity , known as their thermoneutral [area] .

Below and beyond this zone behavioural responses must become the major controlling mechanism , but this becomes metabolically expensive , and must lead to exhaustion if it can not be made good by an increased intake of food and rest .
below and beyond this [area] behavioural responses must become the major controlling mechanism , but this becomes metabolically expensive , and must lead to exhaustion if it can not be made good by an increased intake of food and rest .

One slight Twilight Zone coincidence is that the serial number on this particular guitar is 01335 , which , when you take into account who it was designed by , is most spooky …
one slight twilight [area] coincidence is that the serial number on this particular guitar is 01335 , which , when you take into account who it was designed by , is most spooky …

Undergravel filtration driven by a sensible amount of air , or by low-powered powerheads , is ideal ; if power filtration is used then try to avoid turning the tank into a simulation of a surf zone !
undergravel filtration driven by a sensible amount of air , or by low-powered powerheads , is ideal ; if power filtration is used then try to avoid turning the tank into a simulation of a surf [area] !

Sloosh twice a day after brushing to get to all the areas your toothbrush ca n't reach and make your mouth a fresh , clean , plaque-free zone .
sloosh twice a day after brushing to get to all the areas your toothbrush ca n't reach and make your mouth a fresh , clean , plaque-free [area] .

It is known , however , that the immediate vicinity of a radar mast is a dangerous zone , as are the areas beneath high tension electric cables .
it is known , however , that the immediate vicinity of a radar mast is a dangerous [area] , as are the areas beneath high tension electric cables .

The team were still wrapped together in the comfort zone of a four-year period when each had cosseted and protected the other .
the team were still wrapped together in the comfort [area] of a four-year period when each had cosseted and protected the other .

They are treading unfamiliar ground in the relegation zone and have failed to keep a clean sheet this season .
they are treading unfamiliar ground in the relegation [area] and have failed to keep a clean sheet this season .

It was like a war zone .
it was like a war [area] .

For example , the approximate number of characters per string could be used in later stages of processing , and information about the extension of characters relative to a middle zone could be calculated .
for example , the approximate number of characters per string could be used in later stages of processing , and information about the extension of characters relative to a middle [area] could be calculated .

It has been shown that overall word shape by some coding of ascending and descending letters relative to a mid zone ( upper , middle and lower zone ) is restrictive across a lexicon ( Sinha , 1990 ) .
it has been shown that overall word shape by some coding of ascending and descending letters relative to a mid [area] ( upper , middle and lower [area] ) is restrictive across a lexicon ( sinha , 1990 ) .

The coding of letters into the three categories should be a little flexible for letters such as f , i , and z which can be written in different ways , so a coding of ‘ a ’ was included to represent any zone .
the coding of letters into the three categories should be a little flexible for letters such as f , i , and z which can be written in different ways , so a coding of ‘ a ’ was included to represent any [area] .

The following table shows some example words with their corresponding zone codes and reduced zone codes .
the following table shows some example words with their corresponding [area] codes and reduced [area] codes .

As can be seen , words such as dog , frog and happy , have different zone codes , but these all reduce to the same reduced zone code .
as can be seen , words such as dog , frog and happy , have different [area] codes , but these all reduce to the same reduced [area] code .

At present , the recogniser gives an indication of zone ( ‘ u ’ , ‘ m ’ or ‘ l ’ ) for each candidate letter , ( which may in fact not match the usual zone for that letter ) .
at present , the recogniser gives an indication of [area] ( ‘ u ’ , ‘ m ’ or ‘ l ’ ) for each candidate letter , ( which may in fact not match the usual [area] for that letter ) .

However as with other characters , the recogniser gives a zone code for a wild card position as well .
however as with other characters , the recogniser gives a [area] code for a wild card position as well .

Again the usefulness of the zonal information tends to very writer dependent , as some writers are very ‘ mid zone ’ .
again the usefulness of the zonal information tends to very writer dependent , as some writers are very ‘ mid [area] ’ .

As an experiment , using the currently available zone codes from the recogniser , if the recogniser 's zone code of a candidate word does not match the shape code of the word , the confidence in the candidate word can be reduced , thus it will be further down in the rank ordered list of candidate words .
as an experiment , using the currently available [area] codes from the recogniser , if the recogniser 's [area] code of a candidate word does not match the shape code of the word , the confidence in the candidate word can be reduced , thus it will be further down in the rank ordered list of candidate words .

This requires much further evaluation and testing , for example to obtain the frequency distribution of the lexicon by word shape ( probably using the reduced zone codes ) , and cross-referencing with this data .
this requires much further evaluation and testing , for example to obtain the frequency distribution of the lexicon by word shape ( probably using the reduced [area] codes ) , and cross-referencing with this data .

Jon , as he proudly watched the Union Jack raised above his head , must have thought back to the days when , as Oxford University Boat Race president , the only flag he looked at was the skull and crossbones which hung in his study with a menacing message written underneath : ‘ Death Zone — No Prisoners . ’
jon , as he proudly watched the union jack raised above his head , must have thought back to the days when , as oxford university boat race president , the only flag he looked at was the skull and crossbones which hung in his study with a menacing message written underneath : ‘ death [area] — no prisoners . ’

It is feared that Iraqi tyrant Saddam Hussein is using them as political pawns because of Britain 's role in imposing a no-fly zone .
it is feared that iraqi tyrant saddam hussein is using them as political pawns because of britain 's role in imposing a no-fly [area] .

Councillors hope a ‘ zone of tolerance ’ will help clean up their vice-plagued city .
councillors hope a ‘ [area] of tolerance ’ will help clean up their vice-plagued city .

The outburst follows the allied decision to set up an exclusion zone to protect Shi'ites in Southern Iraq .
the outburst follows the allied decision to set up an exclusion [area] to protect shi'ites in southern iraq .

And the seafront of the Humberside resort of Bridlington was declared an exclusion zone by police after similar havoc .
and the seafront of the humberside resort of bridlington was declared an exclusion [area] by police after similar havoc .

They will enforce an air exclusion zone south of the 32nd parallel from which Saddam 's warplanes will be banned .
they will enforce an air exclusion [area] south of the 32nd parallel from which saddam 's warplanes will be banned .

They are suing the firm for allegedly flying them into a war zone at a time when both British and American governments were aware an invasion was taking place .
they are suing the firm for allegedly flying them into a war [area] at a time when both british and american governments were aware an invasion was taking place .

Turn the lights down and gather round a roaring log fire , or log-effect on the electric heater if you 're in a smokeless zone .
turn the lights down and gather round a roaring log fire , or log-effect on the electric heater if you 're in a smokeless [area] .

The bitterness and confusion over delimitation , which had led to the drafting of a bill in 1911 outlining the two distinct districts , ‘ Champagne ’ and ‘ Champagne Deuxième Zone ’ , was still unsolved and an amended law was passed through the new government in 1919 .
the bitterness and confusion over delimitation , which had led to the drafting of a bill in 1911 outlining the two distinct districts , ‘ champagne ’ and ‘ champagne deuxième [area] ’ , was still unsolved and an amended law was passed through the new government in 1919 .

This viticultural twilight zone stretches the duration of the vine 's growth cycle to the limit , resulting in a longer ripening period , providing grapes with a high degree of acidity .
this viticultural twilight [area] stretches the duration of the vine 's growth cycle to the limit , resulting in a longer ripening period , providing grapes with a high degree of acidity .

The viticultural zone occupies that part of Champagne known as the falaises or Champagne cliffs .
the viticultural [area] occupies that part of champagne known as the falaises or champagne cliffs .

Initially the reasoning behind this law seemed sensible for a region like Champagne , which is set in a viticultural twilight zone where the size of harvest fluctuates from year to year .
initially the reasoning behind this law seemed sensible for a region like champagne , which is set in a viticultural twilight [area] where the size of harvest fluctuates from year to year .

During the pressing operation , the first juice to emerge from a grape is called the cuvée and it comes from the central zone of pulp .
during the pressing operation , the first juice to emerge from a grape is called the cuvée and it comes from the central [area] of pulp .

After the central portion from the grape is exhausted , the flesh nearest to the pips and to the skin is pressed , that is , the pulp which is both inside and outside the richer central zone .
after the central portion from the grape is exhausted , the flesh nearest to the pips and to the skin is pressed , that is , the pulp which is both inside and outside the richer central [area] .

zzap ! zone !
zzap ! [area] !

Thus was born the 30 km/h zone idea .
thus was born the 30 km/h [area] idea .

As a result of these successes , the 30 km/h zone has become a widely used measure throughout the Netherlands , though styles vary from place to place .
as a result of these successes , the 30 km/h [area] has become a widely used measure throughout the netherlands , though styles vary from place to place .

Although the sophisticated Woonerf-type street furniture is not used , that does not imply that the zone needs to be dull .
although the sophisticated woonerf-type street furniture is not used , that does not imply that the [area] needs to be dull .

For example , the Leidsebuurt district of Haarlem has received comprehensive treatment as a 30 km/h zone ( Figure 4.11 ) , with a concentration on the creation of raised plateaux in the roadway ( speed tables ) spectacularly patterned with black and white paviours ( Figures 4.12–4.15 ) .
for example , the leidsebuurt district of haarlem has received comprehensive treatment as a 30 km/h [area] ( figure 4.11 ) , with a concentration on the creation of raised plateaux in the roadway ( speed tables ) spectacularly patterned with black and white paviours ( figures 4.12–4.15 ) .

Double kerbs are used in places to prevent pavement parking ( Figure 4.18 ) and the boundaries of the zone are indicated by huge patterned entrance ramps , visible in Figure 4.15 .
double kerbs are used in places to prevent pavement parking ( figure 4.18 ) and the boundaries of the [area] are indicated by huge patterned entrance ramps , visible in figure 4.15 .

The dual carriageway main road by-passes the centre , which is a pedestrianised shopping zone .
the dual carriageway main road by-passes the centre , which is a pedestrianised shopping [area] .

In this practice there is a parallel with Dutch work , for like the 30 km/h zone experiments in Holland , though these avoid the use of sophisticated Woonerf-style street furniture , they still attempt to incorporate the infrastructural works that increase the driver 's perception of the need for slow-speed behaviour .
in this practice there is a parallel with dutch work , for like the 30 km/h [area] experiments in holland , though these avoid the use of sophisticated woonerf-style street furniture , they still attempt to incorporate the infrastructural works that increase the driver 's perception of the need for slow-speed behaviour .

Such measures are the provision of cycle paths and bus lanes and the introduction of 30 km/h zones with only partial reconstruction of the streets within the zone .
such measures are the provision of cycle paths and bus lanes and the introduction of 30 km/h zones with only partial reconstruction of the streets within the [area] .

However , the Road Traffic Act of 1982/3 did not allow for Zone signs to be introduced even on a temporary basis , so it was necessary for an information sign to be erected at every junction , showing not only a 30 km/h speed limit , but also drawing the driver 's attention to the changed priority ( right before left ) .
however , the road traffic act of 1982/3 did not allow for [area] signs to be introduced even on a temporary basis , so it was necessary for an information sign to be erected at every junction , showing not only a 30 km/h speed limit , but also drawing the driver 's attention to the changed priority ( right before left ) .

This is no longer necessary , so Tempo 30 signs are now just placed at entrances to the zone as a whole , often reinforced by ramps ( Figure 6.17 ) .
this is no longer necessary , so tempo 30 signs are now just placed at entrances to the [area] as a whole , often reinforced by ramps ( figure 6.17 ) .

Within the zone , physical measures are used to reinforce the message , or in the case of newly built areas , the street system is designed around this speed maximum ( Figure 6.18 ) .
within the [area] , physical measures are used to reinforce the message , or in the case of newly built areas , the street system is designed around this speed maximum ( figure 6.18 ) .

Driver education had to be part of the strategy too , so that during the introduction of the Tempo 30 zone , drivers could monitor their own behaviour .
driver education had to be part of the strategy too , so that during the introduction of the tempo 30 [area] , drivers could monitor their own behaviour .

The edge of the pedestrianised zone thus displays a number of features of interest ( Figure 6.27 ) .
the edge of the pedestrianised [area] thus displays a number of features of interest ( figure 6.27 ) .

Through traffic is diverted along the outer ring , whilst traffic bound for the city is encouraged to park in one of the many large car parks located in the Renaissance fire-protection zone between the ring roads ( Figure 6.42 ) .
through traffic is diverted along the outer ring , whilst traffic bound for the city is encouraged to park in one of the many large car parks located in the renaissance fire-protection [area] between the ring roads ( figure 6.42 ) .

Some of these are indirect ways of reducing speeds , but nowhere is the direct way used ie a change in the law to bring speed limits below 50 km/h , applied street by street or across a zone , delimited by signs , enforced by the police , publicised widely , and then supported by infrastructural measures to ensure compliance as well as by environmental enhancement to reinforce perception of the changing function of the street to one of pedestrian ownership .
some of these are indirect ways of reducing speeds , but nowhere is the direct way used ie a change in the law to bring speed limits below 50 km/h , applied street by street or across a [area] , delimited by signs , enforced by the police , publicised widely , and then supported by infrastructural measures to ensure compliance as well as by environmental enhancement to reinforce perception of the changing function of the street to one of pedestrian ownership .

In that zone of the city which lay between the French quarter and the Kasbah , Edouard caught glimpses of the Arabic world .
in that [area] of the city which lay between the french quarter and the kasbah , edouard caught glimpses of the arabic world .

It was parked in the safety zone with its headlamps off .
it was parked in the safety [area] with its headlamps off .

Harris , who lives and works on a farm , pleaded guilty to speeding at 62 mph in a 30 mph zone .
harris , who lives and works on a farm , pleaded guilty to speeding at 62 mph in a 30 mph [area] .

North Zone ( 279 and 393 ) have retained India 's Duleep Trophy , beating West Zone ( 216 and 220 ) in the final at Bulsar .
north [area] ( 279 and 393 ) have retained india 's duleep trophy , beating west [area] ( 216 and 220 ) in the final at bulsar .

In the final of the Deodhar Trophy , South Zone ( 158 for 7 ) beat Central Zone ( 122 ; Arshad Ayub 5 for 23 ) at Calcutta in a match reduced by rain to 35 overs-a-side .
in the final of the deodhar trophy , south [area] ( 158 for 7 ) beat central [area] ( 122 ; arshad ayub 5 for 23 ) at calcutta in a match reduced by rain to 35 overs-a-side .

Erich Lindemann , German , was still controlling the Scandinavian sector with a forward penetration zone — Northern Russia .
erich lindemann , german , was still controlling the scandinavian sector with a forward penetration [area] — northern russia .

Penetration zone : Poland and Czechoslovakia .
penetration [area] : poland and czechoslovakia .

Penetration zone : Libya and the Middle East .
penetration [area] : libya and the middle east .

He also had the most tricky penetration zone : Hungary , Romania , Bulgaria and the Ukraine .
he also had the most tricky penetration [area] : hungary , romania , bulgaria and the ukraine .

This region is known as the Realm of Chaos ; a black zone of unreality where time and space have no meaning .
this region is known as the realm of chaos ; a black [area] of unreality where time and space have no meaning .

• In/out guard zone alarm plus memory
• in/out guard [area] alarm plus memory

• 360° or sectored guard zone alarm .
• 360° or sectored guard [area] alarm .

The back arc/foreland-basin model developed as a result of the work is being increasingly used to constrain regional geotectonic models of the collisional history of the Iapetus Suture Zone , presently being investigated in collaboration with the Newfoundland Geological Survey .
the back arc/foreland-basin model developed as a result of the work is being increasingly used to constrain regional geotectonic models of the collisional history of the iapetus suture [area] , presently being investigated in collaboration with the newfoundland geological survey .

Recent investigations of the Ordovician-Silurian boundary have delineated a high-strain zone up to 9 kilometres wide .
recent investigations of the ordovician-silurian boundary have delineated a high-strain [area] up to 9 kilometres wide .

The mylonitic fabrics developed within the zone indicate ductile deformation , and the kinematic indicators provide evidence for both dextral and sinistral shear .
the mylonitic fabrics developed within the [area] indicate ductile deformation , and the kinematic indicators provide evidence for both dextral and sinistral shear .

The macro- and microscopic relationships of this fabric with the regional penetrative cleavage and post-tectonic intrusions suggest that the shear zone was generated towards the end of the deformation of the Southern Uplands .
the macro- and microscopic relationships of this fabric with the regional penetrative cleavage and post-tectonic intrusions suggest that the shear [area] was generated towards the end of the deformation of the southern uplands .

[ see illustration overleaf ] The stratigraphical framework of the project has been controlled by detailed collection and identification of graptolite faunas , resulting in the formulation of subzones within the turriculatus Zone of the Llandovery .
[ see illustration overleaf ] the stratigraphical framework of the project has been controlled by detailed collection and identification of graptolite faunas , resulting in the formulation of subzones within the turriculatus [area] of the llandovery .

The Přídolí beds form two outliers separated by the structurally complex zone of the Clun Forest disturbance .
the přídolí beds form two outliers separated by the structurally complex [area] of the clun forest disturbance .

This confirms the sequence established on the Shaftesbury sheet with , in addition , the recognition of an eighth member , the Portsdown Chalk of mucronata Zone age .
this confirms the sequence established on the shaftesbury sheet with , in addition , the recognition of an eighth member , the portsdown chalk of mucronata [area] age .

Interpretation of the database suggests the presence of a northward-dipping Caledonian thrust or shear zone lying beneath the faulted southern margin of the Northumberland Trough .
interpretation of the database suggests the presence of a northward-dipping caledonian thrust or shear [area] lying beneath the faulted southern margin of the northumberland trough .

They include the association of particulate gold with pathfinder elements in Upper Dalradian metasediments in a zone between Aberfeldy and Comrie , anomalous arsenic and antimony that could indicate the presence of polymetallic sulphide and gold mineralisation in Argyll Group metasediments intruded by Devonian diorites in Glen Clova , and a gold arsenic association in altered metasediments at the margin of the Strichen granite .
they include the association of particulate gold with pathfinder elements in upper dalradian metasediments in a [area] between aberfeldy and comrie , anomalous arsenic and antimony that could indicate the presence of polymetallic sulphide and gold mineralisation in argyll group metasediments intruded by devonian diorites in glen clova , and a gold arsenic association in altered metasediments at the margin of the strichen granite .

One way of studying the effects of changing agricultural practices on groundwater is to drill and redrill sites at intervals of several years to observe changes in the vertical profile of nitrate and other solutes in the unsaturated zone of aquifers .
one way of studying the effects of changing agricultural practices on groundwater is to drill and redrill sites at intervals of several years to observe changes in the vertical profile of nitrate and other solutes in the unsaturated [area] of aquifers .

In addition , it is not clear that pesticides will travel through the unsaturated zone as readily as nitrate does — they may , for example , be adsorbed by clays .
in addition , it is not clear that pesticides will travel through the unsaturated [area] as readily as nitrate does — they may , for example , be adsorbed by clays .

Water-quality profiles from the unsaturated zone also show significant variations , in particular a great variation between the edge and the centre of the woodland .
water-quality profiles from the unsaturated [area] also show significant variations , in particular a great variation between the edge and the centre of the woodland .

The necessary information is to be found in the geochemical record contained in interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated zone , and interpreting that information by the new technique gives good estimates of recharge .
the necessary information is to be found in the geochemical record contained in interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated [area] , and interpreting that information by the new technique gives good estimates of recharge .

The concentration of chloride in interstitial water in the unsaturated zone is a chemical record that represents recharge to the saturated zone covering more than a century .
the concentration of chloride in interstitial water in the unsaturated [area] is a chemical record that represents recharge to the saturated [area] covering more than a century .

Field programmes including drilling and sampling have now been carried out at Sonora , Mexico , in Barbados , in the north-western dry zone of Sri Lanka , and near Madras , India .
field programmes including drilling and sampling have now been carried out at sonora , mexico , in barbados , in the north-western dry [area] of sri lanka , and near madras , india .

Nomads have been hovering near the relegation zone all season while Colchester are chasing second promotion spot .
nomads have been hovering near the relegation [area] all season while colchester are chasing second promotion spot .

This development on the green belt of Ipswich is partly because of the Conservative Government withering away the planning powers of borough councils , who in the past would have dismissed such a planning application as this , on the grounds that housing and industry should not mix and that it is desirable to have a green buffer zone between the two .
this development on the green belt of ipswich is partly because of the conservative government withering away the planning powers of borough councils , who in the past would have dismissed such a planning application as this , on the grounds that housing and industry should not mix and that it is desirable to have a green buffer [area] between the two .

All my senses were heightened and f dwelt in a sort of kaleidoscopic twilight zone of longing , terror , political affirmation , sexual discovery .
all my senses were heightened and f dwelt in a sort of kaleidoscopic twilight [area] of longing , terror , political affirmation , sexual discovery .

‘ They simply ca n't return to the war zone , ’ she said .
‘ they simply ca n't return to the war [area] , ’ she said .

Prince of Wales to travel to war zone
prince of wales to travel to war [area]

Charles sees troops in war zone
charles sees troops in war [area]

Yesterday , illicit smokers were fined for taking a puff as the college was declared a no smoking zone , while more health-conscious students tried their hands at the Clacton Olympics .
yesterday , illicit smokers were fined for taking a puff as the college was declared a no smoking [area] , while more health-conscious students tried their hands at the clacton olympics .

Estée Lauder research brings you new Time Zone Moisture Recharging Complex
estée lauder research brings you new time [area] moisture recharging complex

For every skin that 's dry before its time , Estée Lauder brings you Time Zone .
for every skin that 's dry before its time , estée lauder brings you time [area] .

Not just another moisturiser , Time Zone is a true dry skin treatment that addresses , for the first time , the multiple , dermatological causes of dry skin — as well as the results .
not just another moisturiser , time [area] is a true dry skin treatment that addresses , for the first time , the multiple , dermatological causes of dry skin — as well as the results .

No matter what your skin 's present condition , Time Zone 's newly discovered emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better retain moisture like young skin .
no matter what your skin 's present condition , time [area] 's newly discovered emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better retain moisture like young skin .

Joachim Müncheberg , outstanding commander of 7 Staffel , Jagdgeschwader 26 , who led his little unit to Sicily in February 1941 , to operate over Malta ; these were the first Messerschmitt Bf109E fighters to operate anywhere in the Mediterranean war zone .
joachim müncheberg , outstanding commander of 7 staffel , jagdgeschwader 26 , who led his little unit to sicily in february 1941 , to operate over malta ; these were the first messerschmitt bf109e fighters to operate anywhere in the mediterranean war [area] .

four Wellingtons from the Reserve Flight , Stradishall ( Suffolk ) , and a Maryland , were despatched from England , approaching the Malta zone early in the morning .
four wellingtons from the reserve flight , stradishall ( suffolk ) , and a maryland , were despatched from england , approaching the malta [area] early in the morning .

Graham , 28 , was quiet , self-effacing and likeable — but his life was a disaster zone .
graham , 28 , was quiet , self-effacing and likeable — but his life was a disaster [area] .

95 , just below the shudder zone that marks the sound-barrier .
95 , just below the shudder [area] that marks the sound-barrier .

It became evident that there was more reality in Brigadoon than in the myth that Scotland is , or is likely to become , a Tory-free zone .
it became evident that there was more reality in brigadoon than in the myth that scotland is , or is likely to become , a tory-free [area] .

However , separatism is exceptional in Europe outside the ex-Soviet zone .
however , separatism is exceptional in europe outside the ex-soviet [area] .

The initial wave of deportations followed round-ups carried out by French police in the occupied zone .
the initial wave of deportations followed round-ups carried out by french police in the occupied [area] .

Two months later , Philippe Pétain 's Vichy government would agree to deliver to the Gestapo 10,000 Jews from the area unoccupied by the Germans , known , ironically , as the ‘ Free Zone ’ .
two months later , philippe pétain 's vichy government would agree to deliver to the gestapo 10,000 jews from the area unoccupied by the germans , known , ironically , as the ‘ free [area] ’ .

It is a tribute to the smoothness of the operation that many private pilots do not realise that they have effectively moved into another country 's airspace when they enter the Jersey zone .
it is a tribute to the smoothness of the operation that many private pilots do not realise that they have effectively moved into another country 's airspace when they enter the jersey [area] .

Men from the British cruisers London and Curlew protected the foreigners who were concentrated in the neutral zone of the Hotels Reid 's , Atlantic and Savoy .
men from the british cruisers london and curlew protected the foreigners who were concentrated in the neutral [area] of the hotels reid 's , atlantic and savoy .

All the officers , except Dias himself and two others , sought asylum either with the British Consul ( and went on board the London ) or in the neutral zone in the hotels .
all the officers , except dias himself and two others , sought asylum either with the british consul ( and went on board the london ) or in the neutral [area] in the hotels .

This bridge , recently rebuilt and enlarged , was built in 1849 , thereby opening up the Estrada Monumental ( then just called the New Road ) past Reid 's Hotel and out to the west , through the present tourist zone .
this bridge , recently rebuilt and enlarged , was built in 1849 , thereby opening up the estrada monumental ( then just called the new road ) past reid 's hotel and out to the west , through the present tourist [area] .

They should warn offenders guilty of so-called ‘ dirty-tricks ’ by loud hailer , and equally disqualify passive participants who hover outside the battle zone .
they should warn offenders guilty of so-called ‘ dirty-tricks ’ by loud hailer , and equally disqualify passive participants who hover outside the battle [area] .

Protecting Your Safety Zone
protecting your safety [area]

You do n't need to stand with your legs apart and fists clenched to enforce your safety zone ; a well-balanced inoffensive stance is much more useful .
you do n't need to stand with your legs apart and fists clenched to enforce your safety [area] ; a well-balanced inoffensive stance is much more useful .

Your safety zone
your safety [area]

The longer the weapon you find , the greater your range and the bigger your protection zone .
the longer the weapon you find , the greater your range and the bigger your protection [area] .

Do n't let an attacker back you into a corner ; move round and keep your safety zone intact .
do n't let an attacker back you into a corner ; move round and keep your safety [area] intact .

Have you considered expansion in an enterprise zone ?
have you considered expansion in an enterprise [area] ?

Released worldwide on all formats on November 24 ( Sonic Tuesday , apparently ) , once again it sees the animal libber hedgehog taking on the evil Dr Robotnik through a series of worlds ( The Mystic Cave , The Toxic Plant Zone etc ) .
released worldwide on all formats on november 24 ( sonic tuesday , apparently ) , once again it sees the animal libber hedgehog taking on the evil dr robotnik through a series of worlds ( the mystic cave , the toxic plant [area] etc ) .

Synchronise 1.2 is an X-based time management tool , using a multiple time zone support allowing schedules , tasks and resources to be transparently managed across wide area networks .
synchronise 1.2 is an x-based time management tool , using a multiple time [area] support allowing schedules , tasks and resources to be transparently managed across wide area networks .

In monkeys the dorsomedial nucleus of the thalamus projects exclusively to the prefrontal catex so it seems reasonable that the dorsomedial nucleus projection zone would correspond to prefrontal cortex in rats .
in monkeys the dorsomedial nucleus of the thalamus projects exclusively to the prefrontal catex so it seems reasonable that the dorsomedial nucleus projection [area] would correspond to prefrontal cortex in rats .

Not only are there likely to be unphysiological levels of stimulation , but it is frequently unclear , from published reports , how extensive the effective stimulation zone actually was .
not only are there likely to be unphysiological levels of stimulation , but it is frequently unclear , from published reports , how extensive the effective stimulation [area] actually was .

Something can be learned from relatively crude techniques in which there is a large stimulation zone and high stimulation levels in the centre .
something can be learned from relatively crude techniques in which there is a large stimulation [area] and high stimulation levels in the centre .

With these procedures it is possible to measure the extent of the effective stimulation zone , rather than assuming it .
with these procedures it is possible to measure the extent of the effective stimulation [area] , rather than assuming it .

The effect of the inhibitory zone is subtracted from the output from the excitatory region .
the effect of the inhibitory [area] is subtracted from the output from the excitatory region .

Occasionally we may be able to identify a palm , fig , or olive tree , but even this is not enough to limit the location to a particular ecological zone ; oak trees , for instance , can be found from 680 metres down to sea-level .
occasionally we may be able to identify a palm , fig , or olive tree , but even this is not enough to limit the location to a particular ecological [area] ; oak trees , for instance , can be found from 680 metres down to sea-level .

The present shelf , or neritic zone , is in comparison a mere pericontinental fringe ( Hallam , 1981c ) .
the present shelf , or neritic [area] , is in comparison a mere pericontinental fringe ( hallam , 1981c ) .

All species within a given adaptive zone compete intensively .
all species within a given adaptive [area] compete intensively .

‘ Can any Assassin ever have tried this trick before ? ’ exclaimed the Navigator . ‘ Wrenching her organs , distorting herself so utterly ? And tried it in the midst of a combat zone ? ’
‘ can any assassin ever have tried this trick before ? ’ exclaimed the navigator . ‘ wrenching her organs , distorting herself so utterly ? and tried it in the midst of a combat [area] ? ’

The Ravagers might already have sailed towards their jump zone , or be on the point of sailing .
the ravagers might already have sailed towards their jump [area] , or be on the point of sailing .

As the Navigator nudged Tormentum Malorum slowly nearer to the indicated zone , using only attitude jets , for Jaq a strange intuition of security began to percolate through the dread engendered by hulk and warp alike .
as the navigator nudged tormentum malorum slowly nearer to the indicated [area] , using only attitude jets , for jaq a strange intuition of security began to percolate through the dread engendered by hulk and warp alike .

In one zone a drift of loose bones , kippered limbs , and dehydrated heads suggested cannibalism .
in one [area] a drift of loose bones , kippered limbs , and dehydrated heads suggested cannibalism .

Those gruesome robots which had restrained the trio — and the Astropath — reminded Jaq so strongly of images he had viewed of traitor legionnaires , the polluted renegades spawned by the would-be Emperor-slayers of long ago who now lurked in a certain terrible , twisted zone of the galaxy …
those gruesome robots which had restrained the trio — and the astropath — reminded jaq so strongly of images he had viewed of traitor legionnaires , the polluted renegades spawned by the would-be emperor-slayers of long ago who now lurked in a certain terrible , twisted [area] of the galaxy …

For the Eye was a zone where truespace and the warp actually overlapped , braiding together in nightmare distortions .
for the eye was a [area] where truespace and the warp actually overlapped , braiding together in nightmare distortions .

Sorry , then , for those gallons of petrol fruitlessly spent in such a barren zone . And also to those innocent victims of this jape who might even have put their cars in for the test and discovered the garage is no longer the soft option it was once reputed to be !
sorry , then , for those gallons of petrol fruitlessly spent in such a barren [area] . and also to those innocent victims of this jape who might even have put their cars in for the test and discovered the garage is no longer the soft option it was once reputed to be !

Vygotsky called this range of ‘ adult-supported ’ activity the zone of proximal development :
vygotsky called this range of ‘ adult-supported ’ activity the [area] of proximal development :

Finally , Vygotsky 's description of the ‘ zone of proximal development ’ provides a clear indication of the way in which environmental support is likely to be effective .
finally , vygotsky 's description of the ‘ [area] of proximal development ’ provides a clear indication of the way in which environmental support is likely to be effective .

In Australia it went past humorous and into the twilight zone of grossness .
in australia it went past humorous and into the twilight [area] of grossness .

Above : Where you decide to site your marine tank could make all the difference between a thriving system , like this , or a disaster zone .
above : where you decide to site your marine tank could make all the difference between a thriving system , like this , or a disaster [area] .

Wagamama is a smoke-free zone , whereas Belgo sells untipped Tigre gaspers in cute packets that have n't changed since the Fifties .
wagamama is a smoke-free [area] , whereas belgo sells untipped tigre gaspers in cute packets that have n't changed since the fifties .

That strange zone of time and light between day and night is broken only by bats wheeling and diving across the expanse of the East Coast main line .
that strange [area] of time and light between day and night is broken only by bats wheeling and diving across the expanse of the east coast main line .

Well , when sedimentary material at a continental margin gets pulled down in a subduction zone at a plate , fusion could take place as the pressure increased .
well , when sedimentary material at a continental margin gets pulled down in a subduction [area] at a plate , fusion could take place as the pressure increased .

Experience teaches.a lot as to whether or not a phenomenon is likely to be a genuine signal or background noise , but there is still a twilight zone , the tantalising occurrences which are probably noise but might possibly be signal .
experience teaches.a lot as to whether or not a phenomenon is likely to be a genuine signal or background noise , but there is still a twilight [area] , the tantalising occurrences which are probably noise but might possibly be signal .

But after plunging towards the relegation zone with just four points from the previous 21 , he admitted : ‘ We have been going through a bad time and We needed this win . ’
but after plunging towards the relegation [area] with just four points from the previous 21 , he admitted : ‘ we have been going through a bad time and we needed this win . ’

An hour later , the second time zone results should be coming in from the Mid-West .
an hour later , the second time [area] results should be coming in from the mid-west .

‘ They call it the death zone because above there the human body does n't restore itself any more , it 's always deteriorating . ’
‘ they call it the death [area] because above there the human body does n't restore itself any more , it 's always deteriorating . ’

Mix me this zone with that !
mix me this [area] with that !

If they stayed in the war zone they would face almost certain death .
if they stayed in the war [area] they would face almost certain death .

Fun Zone Entertainment Today
fun [area] entertainment today

Another splendidly flighted pass found McClair in the danger zone , but not for the first time the Scot 's control was wayward .
another splendidly flighted pass found mcclair in the danger [area] , but not for the first time the scot 's control was wayward .

After Leeds slipped towards the relegation zone with a 3-1 defeat at Blackburn on Saturday , McAllister forecast : ‘ It is going to be a long hard winter .
after leeds slipped towards the relegation [area] with a 3-1 defeat at blackburn on saturday , mcallister forecast : ‘ it is going to be a long hard winter .

But Kendall 's patience with his struggling stars ran out after the dismal defeat at Sheffield United edged the Merseysiders closer to the relegation zone .
but kendall 's patience with his struggling stars ran out after the dismal defeat at sheffield united edged the merseysiders closer to the relegation [area] .

Dallas were leading the Washington Redskins 17-13 with time running out when quarterback Troy Aikman was ruled to have fumbled in his own end zone .
dallas were leading the washington redskins 17-13 with time running out when quarterback troy aikman was ruled to have fumbled in his own end [area] .

’ The answer is that this third human state has a special feature that distinguishes it from the other two ( the inner and the outer states ) in that it is a zone for cultural experience or creative playing .
’ the answer is that this third human state has a special feature that distinguishes it from the other two ( the inner and the outer states ) in that it is a [area] for cultural experience or creative playing .

The northern part of Sinhala Sri Lanka , including large parts of Puttalam , Anuradhapura , Kurunagala and Matale districts , was in the dry zone which received less rainfall than the wet zone of the south-western and central portions of the island .
the northern part of sinhala sri lanka , including large parts of puttalam , anuradhapura , kurunagala and matale districts , was in the dry [area] which received less rainfall than the wet [area] of the south-western and central portions of the island .

Rice cultivation was more difficult in the dry zone , which also included parts of Hambantota and Badulla districts .
rice cultivation was more difficult in the dry [area] , which also included parts of hambantota and badulla districts .

The Interior region also included large parts of the dry zone which were sparsely populated , where famine was not uncommon .
the interior region also included large parts of the dry [area] which were sparsely populated , where famine was not uncommon .

The discovery of impressive ruins which illustrated the past existence of a great Sinhalese-Buddhist civilization in the dry zone provided Buddhists with proof that their religion was not the cause of their colonial status .
the discovery of impressive ruins which illustrated the past existence of a great sinhalese-buddhist civilization in the dry [area] provided buddhists with proof that their religion was not the cause of their colonial status .

Samaraweera cites Leonard Woolf 's novel The Village in the Jungle to support his characterization of the average litigant as ignorant of court procedure , but Woolf 's novel was set in an impoverished , dying and atypical village in the dry zone .
samaraweera cites leonard woolf 's novel the village in the jungle to support his characterization of the average litigant as ignorant of court procedure , but woolf 's novel was set in an impoverished , dying and atypical village in the dry [area] .

Some officials , especially in the lightly-populated dry zone , thought there were far too many useless cattle .
some officials , especially in the lightly-populated dry [area] , thought there were far too many useless cattle .

With their eyes on entering the 1995 World Cup qualifiers in the Asia/Pacific Zone ( the top two teams in September 's tournament will automatically qualify ) Taiwan are pinning their hopes on a two-week visit to Wellington , New Zealand .
with their eyes on entering the 1995 world cup qualifiers in the asia/pacific [area] ( the top two teams in september 's tournament will automatically qualify ) taiwan are pinning their hopes on a two-week visit to wellington , new zealand .

It is expected that the 1992 Asian tournament ( the next one in 1994 will be too late ) will also be used to find the two qualifiers from Asia who will play in the Asia Pacific Zone 1995 World Cup preliminaries .
it is expected that the 1992 asian tournament ( the next one in 1994 will be too late ) will also be used to find the two qualifiers from asia who will play in the asia pacific [area] 1995 world cup preliminaries .

Investment in commercial properties in enterprise zones within 10 years of the creation of the zone attracts 100 % initial allowance .
investment in commercial properties in enterprise zones within 10 years of the creation of the [area] attracts 100 % initial allowance .

Some complete buildings are advertised in the financial press although for most investors who can not afford to purchase an entire building the way to participate has been through enterprise zone property unit trusts .
some complete buildings are advertised in the financial press although for most investors who can not afford to purchase an entire building the way to participate has been through enterprise [area] property unit trusts .

Enterprise zone property trusts are established to be held as an investment for a very long period ( usually 25 years ) and as Capital Ventures warns : ‘ You may have difficulty in selling your investment before realisation of the underlying property … ’
enterprise [area] property trusts are established to be held as an investment for a very long period ( usually 25 years ) and as capital ventures warns : ‘ you may have difficulty in selling your investment before realisation of the underlying property … ’

Last night America threatened to use Cruise missiles against Serbia to enforce the air exclusion zone over Bosnia .
last night america threatened to use cruise missiles against serbia to enforce the air exclusion [area] over bosnia .

Major in war zone to cheer up troops
major in war [area] to cheer up troops

The other escaped back north out of the no-fly zone , ’ he added .
the other escaped back north out of the no-fly [area] , ’ he added .

The MiGs had also entered the zone 20 minutes earlier , but fled to safety when asked to identify themselves .
the migs had also entered the [area] 20 minutes earlier , but fled to safety when asked to identify themselves .

It was the first time an Iraqi plane has been shot down in the southern no-fly zone , set up to prevent Saddam attacking the Shi'ites .
it was the first time an iraqi plane has been shot down in the southern no-fly [area] , set up to prevent saddam attacking the shi'ites .

Even though the Ministry of Defence has already drawn up plans to pull Britain 's 2,400 troops out of the danger zone swiftly , they could find themselves caught in the crossfire very quickly .
even though the ministry of defence has already drawn up plans to pull britain 's 2,400 troops out of the danger [area] swiftly , they could find themselves caught in the crossfire very quickly .

They fear that increasing raids from bordering Mozambique just a few miles away , together with the lack of any local security , has turned the area into a no-go zone .
they fear that increasing raids from bordering mozambique just a few miles away , together with the lack of any local security , has turned the area into a no-go [area] .

Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadjic said his forces would declare war on the troops , firing at them with guns and mortars , if Britain backed a United Nations move to shoot down Serb planes violating a no-fly zone .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadjic said his forces would declare war on the troops , firing at them with guns and mortars , if britain backed a united nations move to shoot down serb planes violating a no-fly [area] .

Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic said his forces would declare war on the troops if Britain backed a United Nations move to shoot down Serb planes violating a no-fly zone .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said his forces would declare war on the troops if britain backed a united nations move to shoot down serb planes violating a no-fly [area] .

The 400 deportees , bound and blindfolded , were driven to Israel 's security zone in Lebanon .
the 400 deportees , bound and blindfolded , were driven to israel 's security [area] in lebanon .

American war planes will launch lightning strikes against the Serbs if they continue to breach the no-fly zone over the former Yugoslav republic .
american war planes will launch lightning strikes against the serbs if they continue to breach the no-fly [area] over the former yugoslav republic .

Mr Major added : ‘ It is necessary to enforce the no-fly zone but there is more than one way of doing that .
mr major added : ‘ it is necessary to enforce the no-fly [area] but there is more than one way of doing that .

If the zone is out of balance , a tenderness or pain will be felt as pressure is applied .
if the [area] is out of balance , a tenderness or pain will be felt as pressure is applied .

Frontier Zone
frontier [area]

‘ It looked like something out of a war zone .
‘ it looked like something out of a war [area] .

Mr Hurd , meanwhile , said that a way must be found to enforce the no-fly zone in Bosnia without endangering the humanitarian effort .
mr hurd , meanwhile , said that a way must be found to enforce the no-fly [area] in bosnia without endangering the humanitarian effort .

Vehicles were selected at random and directed into a ‘ sterile zone ’ where they were searched .
vehicles were selected at random and directed into a ‘ sterile [area] ’ where they were searched .

But he admitted : ‘ We have never ruled out a possible need to enforce the zone . ’
but he admitted : ‘ we have never ruled out a possible need to enforce the [area] . ’

Ranger Smith then ran back into the danger zone to warn the other soldiers though , unknown to him , they had already found a safe spot .
ranger smith then ran back into the danger [area] to warn the other soldiers though , unknown to him , they had already found a safe spot .

He has signed 11,000 sq ft in Norex Court , owned by Laser 1989 Enterprise Zone Trust .
he has signed 11,000 sq ft in norex court , owned by laser 1989 enterprise [area] trust .

However , agile and fast as they are , they are sometimes outwitted by sea-lions who lie near the breaking surf off the beaches and come dashing ashore to grab a bird in the ‘ danger zone ’ of the shallow water .
however , agile and fast as they are , they are sometimes outwitted by sea-lions who lie near the breaking surf off the beaches and come dashing ashore to grab a bird in the ‘ danger [area] ’ of the shallow water .

The wild relatives of most of the plants of the African savannah complex grow today in the savannah and it has been assumed that they were domesticated somewhere within that zone .
the wild relatives of most of the plants of the african savannah complex grow today in the savannah and it has been assumed that they were domesticated somewhere within that [area] .

Detachment structures initiate at moderate dips in brittle upper crust and flatten at mid-crustal levels ( 10–15km depth ) , because stress axes rotate as a result of ductile ( perhaps fluid-like ) flow of a weak middle crust ( beneath the brittle to ductile transition zone ) .
detachment structures initiate at moderate dips in brittle upper crust and flatten at mid-crustal levels ( 10–15km depth ) , because stress axes rotate as a result of ductile ( perhaps fluid-like ) flow of a weak middle crust ( beneath the brittle to ductile transition [area] ) .

In the case of South Mountains , synkinematic intrusions and associated high magmatic fluid pressures may have raised the brittle to ductile transition zone to between 5 and 10km depth .
in the case of south mountains , synkinematic intrusions and associated high magmatic fluid pressures may have raised the brittle to ductile transition [area] to between 5 and 10km depth .

The pollen flora is dominated by striated bisaccates and polyplicates , and monosaccates which correlate with the Striatiti pollen zone of Permo-Triassic ( Lower Beaufort ) sequences in southern Africa .
the pollen flora is dominated by striated bisaccates and polyplicates , and monosaccates which correlate with the striatiti pollen [area] of permo-triassic ( lower beaufort ) sequences in southern africa .

We find that the delineation of the synaptic zone by the localization of adhesion molecules and the initial phase of gluR expression are both innervation-independent .
we find that the delineation of the synaptic [area] by the localization of adhesion molecules and the initial phase of glur expression are both innervation-independent .

In contrast , the localization of gluRs to the synaptic zone and the second , localized expression of gluRs at the synaptic zone are both innervation-dependent .
in contrast , the localization of glurs to the synaptic [area] and the second , localized expression of glurs at the synaptic [area] are both innervation-dependent .

These findings strongly suggest a simple model : the muscle directs the motor neuron to the synaptic zone by means of preferential adhesion mechanisms and the motor neuron subsequently directs the localization of gluRs to the synaptic zone and , either directly or indirectly , stimulates the further expression of gluRs during later synaptogenesis .
these findings strongly suggest a simple model : the muscle directs the motor neuron to the synaptic [area] by means of preferential adhesion mechanisms and the motor neuron subsequently directs the localization of glurs to the synaptic [area] and , either directly or indirectly , stimulates the further expression of glurs during later synaptogenesis .

If the plagioclase concentration is still less than critical for plagioclase alone , then the plagioclase would be mixed up into the ‘ clear layer ’ in the same way that in the experiments fine particles were swept up from the interfacial zone into the clear layer .
if the plagioclase concentration is still less than critical for plagioclase alone , then the plagioclase would be mixed up into the ‘ clear layer ’ in the same way that in the experiments fine particles were swept up from the interfacial [area] into the clear layer .

For example , as a plagioclase-rich layer sediments , fast-settling olivine formed in the overlying layer can fall through the interfacial zone and the excess density flux can overturn the layer .
for example , as a plagioclase-rich layer sediments , fast-settling olivine formed in the overlying layer can fall through the interfacial [area] and the excess density flux can overturn the layer .

Gravity data indicate 400-μGal increases at summit stations and a zone trending south-southeast in which gravity was increased by 100μGal ( Table 1 and Fig .
gravity data indicate 400-μgal increases at summit stations and a [area] trending south-southeast in which gravity was increased by 100μgal ( table 1 and fig .

2 b ) are small , so a linear zone of subsurface mass increases connected to a central feeder conduit is inferred .
2 b ) are small , so a linear [area] of subsurface mass increases connected to a central feeder conduit is inferred .

Buried fractures of this type are believed to occur as a natural consequence of within-edifice strain at intraplate volcanoes , and void regions have been postulated within the Kilauean rift zone .
buried fractures of this type are believed to occur as a natural consequence of within-edifice strain at intraplate volcanoes , and void regions have been postulated within the kilauean rift [area] .

Electrical conductivity surveys indicate a telluric current channelled into a high-conductivity zone which follows the general trend of the mountain range just to the south of the Cordillera Blanca .
electrical conductivity surveys indicate a telluric current channelled into a high-conductivity [area] which follows the general trend of the mountain range just to the south of the cordillera blanca .

The zone lies 50km below the present surface and may be associated with a low-velocity zone below 40km .
the [area] lies 50km below the present surface and may be associated with a low-velocity [area] below 40km .

As a major zone of primary production , the eastern equatorial Pacific continues to be the focus of studies of modern and geological oceanic and climatic processes .
as a major [area] of primary production , the eastern equatorial pacific continues to be the focus of studies of modern and geological oceanic and climatic processes .

Silica veins near active fumaroles along the Nakoporon fault zone on the western flanks of Korosi volcano have U-series ages of 11.90.6kyr and 12.70.6kyr .
silica veins near active fumaroles along the nakoporon fault [area] on the western flanks of korosi volcano have u-series ages of 11.90.6kyr and 12.70.6kyr .

On the battlefield , Serbs operating out of a ‘ UN-protected ’ zone in one of the Serb-held parts of Croatia this week opened a new front by attacking the solidly Muslim area around Bihac , in Bosnia .
on the battlefield , serbs operating out of a ‘ un-protected ’ [area] in one of the serb-held parts of croatia this week opened a new front by attacking the solidly muslim area around bihac , in bosnia .

In an attempt to divert money from China , the Taiwanese government is getting involved in developing an export-processing zone in Subic Bay , the former American base in the Philippines .
in an attempt to divert money from china , the taiwanese government is getting involved in developing an export-processing [area] in subic bay , the former american base in the philippines .

Twilight zone
twilight [area]

That leaves Kazakhstan as the only large , non-Russian republic still firmly in the rouble zone .
that leaves kazakhstan as the only large , non-russian republic still firmly in the rouble [area] .

As the manager of any Kazakh company knows , however , the zone exists only in name .
as the manager of any kazakh company knows , however , the [area] exists only in name .

Two further developments are likely to put the rouble zone out of its misery before long .
two further developments are likely to put the rouble [area] out of its misery before long .

With the final demise of the rouble zone all but inevitable , the only question now is the manner of its death .
with the final demise of the rouble [area] all but inevitable , the only question now is the manner of its death .

Mr Yeltsin 's statement on May 14th shows that Russia is not yet ready to replace the rouble zone with a more efficient system of individual currencies .
mr yeltsin 's statement on may 14th shows that russia is not yet ready to replace the rouble [area] with a more efficient system of individual currencies .

If the zone is to endure a lingering death , the rouble may be succeeded by a mishmash of non-convertible currencies and coupons .
if the [area] is to endure a lingering death , the rouble may be succeeded by a mishmash of non-convertible currencies and coupons .

By 1997 or thereabouts Athens will have a new airport , plus the best underground railway in Europe ( thanks to European Community money ) and a big park-and-culture zone in the heart of the city ( ditto ) .
by 1997 or thereabouts athens will have a new airport , plus the best underground railway in europe ( thanks to european community money ) and a big park-and-culture [area] in the heart of the city ( ditto ) .

Liberal economic policies , including deregulation of trade , financial services , and privatisation , have created a flourishing zone of small industries — clothes-making , shoes , toys — of just the sort that a poor country needs .
liberal economic policies , including deregulation of trade , financial services , and privatisation , have created a flourishing [area] of small industries — clothes-making , shoes , toys — of just the sort that a poor country needs .

For one thing , lots of big French companies do business in the zone , selling Africans cars or scent , building government offices or logging timber .
for one thing , lots of big french companies do business in the [area] , selling africans cars or scent , building government offices or logging timber .

We might conceive of the aside as occupying a zone midway between the play and the audience ; we continue to experience the play , but we do so via the new information or attitudes given us by the character or characters speaking the asides .
we might conceive of the aside as occupying a [area] midway between the play and the audience ; we continue to experience the play , but we do so via the new information or attitudes given us by the character or characters speaking the asides .

Last autumn the area around Lhasa was made a special economic zone .
last autumn the area around lhasa was made a special economic [area] .

Kirgizstan 's decision last month to pull out of the rouble zone has infuriated the other four .
kirgizstan 's decision last month to pull out of the rouble [area] has infuriated the other four .

In the south the enforcement of a no-fly zone by western aircraft has raised the possibility of a Shia secession .
in the south the enforcement of a no-fly [area] by western aircraft has raised the possibility of a shia secession .

In the north several million Iraqi Kurds have been building the sinews of an independent homeland , most but not all of which is protected by another no-fly zone .
in the north several million iraqi kurds have been building the sinews of an independent homeland , most but not all of which is protected by another no-fly [area] .

On either side of the disengagement zone in eastern Croatia , their armies have massed heavy forces .
on either side of the disengagement [area] in eastern croatia , their armies have massed heavy forces .

One can not help but feel that one of the reasons why Edberg was beaten in his opening singles — without in any way detracting from Nestor 's fine achievement — was that he had so little time for either his body or his tennis to adjust after the journey to another time zone — and surface — from Australia .
one can not help but feel that one of the reasons why edberg was beaten in his opening singles — without in any way detracting from nestor 's fine achievement — was that he had so little time for either his body or his tennis to adjust after the journey to another time [area] — and surface — from australia .

Fan stringing enables the player to impart more spin on the ball and also extends the power zone — Slazenger
fan stringing enables the player to impart more spin on the ball and also extends the power [area] — slazenger

″ ) widebody design rackets made of 100 % high modulus graphite and featuring Slazenger 's Optimum Mass System , which adds weight to the head at the five , seven and twelve o'clock positions , increases torsional rigidity and works with the fan stringing to expand the power zone .
″ ) widebody design rackets made of 100 % high modulus graphite and featuring slazenger 's optimum mass system , which adds weight to the head at the five , seven and twelve o'clock positions , increases torsional rigidity and works with the fan stringing to expand the power [area] .

This enables the player to impart more spin on the ball and also extends the power zone for off centre hits .
this enables the player to impart more spin on the ball and also extends the power [area] for off centre hits .

To exclude petrol tankers from the lagoon will however virtually halve traffic through the port , throwing into serious crisis the industrial zone of Porto Marghera , already badly hit by the current economic crisis in Italy .
to exclude petrol tankers from the lagoon will however virtually halve traffic through the port , throwing into serious crisis the industrial [area] of porto marghera , already badly hit by the current economic crisis in italy .

Patrick Everaert presents his latest pieces at Meteo until 13 March , followed for the rest of the month by ‘ Une Zone de sensibilite ’ , an exhibition dedicated to Yves Klein at Renn .
patrick everaert presents his latest pieces at meteo until 13 march , followed for the rest of the month by ‘ une [area] de sensibilite ’ , an exhibition dedicated to yves klein at renn .

They represent a racial minority , they inhabit a riot zone , they have a huge reserve of latent talent and they can shift records by the ton .
they represent a racial minority , they inhabit a riot [area] , they have a huge reserve of latent talent and they can shift records by the ton .

You 'll stand outside their zone and miss the point , which would be a shocking waste .
you 'll stand outside their [area] and miss the point , which would be a shocking waste .

The whole band is dressed in black ( cue Twilight Zone theme music ) in front of a painfully pretentious backdrop featuring a 20-foot high sheet of Letraset ( ! )
the whole band is dressed in black ( cue twilight [area] theme music ) in front of a painfully pretentious backdrop featuring a 20-foot high sheet of letraset ( ! )

Check your preconceptions at the door , for you are entering the twilight zone .
check your preconceptions at the door , for you are entering the twilight [area] .

The Dry Zone covers most of the northern end of the island and the entire eastern half ; the Wet Zone , the south-west corner , where rain can fall almost any week of the year .
the dry [area] covers most of the northern end of the island and the entire eastern half ; the wet [area] , the south-west corner , where rain can fall almost any week of the year .

Though the mammals can cope with conditions in either zone , the flora and the bird life are largely governed by the effect the central mountains have on the rainfall .
though the mammals can cope with conditions in either [area] , the flora and the bird life are largely governed by the effect the central mountains have on the rainfall .

The birds in the Dry Zone tend to be more specialized .
the birds in the dry [area] tend to be more specialized .

Strangely enough , water birds are most abundant in the Dry Zone .
strangely enough , water birds are most abundant in the dry [area] .

There 's a two-hour Twilight Zone special to celebrate its silver anniversary .
there 's a two-hour twilight [area] special to celebrate its silver anniversary .

Even more imaginative , not to say fanciful , was the concept of ‘ Battle Zone Portable Launchers ’ , which could be used close to the fighting front .
even more imaginative , not to say fanciful , was the concept of ‘ battle [area] portable launchers ’ , which could be used close to the fighting front .

At the gate of the security zone where there was access directly onto the apron , he formally shook the Colonel 's hand .
at the gate of the security [area] where there was access directly onto the apron , he formally shook the colonel 's hand .

Where these two colonial anemones meet there is a ‘ dead ’ contact zone where one has killed the other .
where these two colonial anemones meet there is a ‘ dead ’ contact [area] where one has killed the other .

The Exhibitors Film Exchange recommends a ‘ Neighbourhood Advertising Plan ’ , the essence of which was that every manager would define ‘ the radius or zone ’ from which his ‘ logical business ’ was secured and that he should then proceed to go directly to the individuals whose patronage he could reasonably expect .
the exhibitors film exchange recommends a ‘ neighbourhood advertising plan ’ , the essence of which was that every manager would define ‘ the radius or [area] ’ from which his ‘ logical business ’ was secured and that he should then proceed to go directly to the individuals whose patronage he could reasonably expect .

The manager was advised to start by walking his zone so as to familiarize himself with it , and then ‘ scouts ’ would be sent out to call at homes whilst ‘ reliable boys ’ could be hired to ‘ politely deliver heralds ’ .
the manager was advised to start by walking his [area] so as to familiarize himself with it , and then ‘ scouts ’ would be sent out to call at homes whilst ‘ reliable boys ’ could be hired to ‘ politely deliver heralds ’ .

The movies tackled society on the broadest front and refused to be confined to any one social zone but for all that one senses from the trade papers and social surveys that the industry had become preoccupied with its fashionable down-town audiences and that the super-cinemas were thought of as the social cutting edge of the trade .
the movies tackled society on the broadest front and refused to be confined to any one social [area] but for all that one senses from the trade papers and social surveys that the industry had become preoccupied with its fashionable down-town audiences and that the super-cinemas were thought of as the social cutting edge of the trade .

What was most important , though , was that these socially more distinguished patrons were indeed creating a fashion ; they were sanctioning movie-going not only for other less bold middle-class families but also for all that vast number of people caught in the twilight zone between middle-class comfort and the lumpenproletariat .
what was most important , though , was that these socially more distinguished patrons were indeed creating a fashion ; they were sanctioning movie-going not only for other less bold middle-class families but also for all that vast number of people caught in the twilight [area] between middle-class comfort and the lumpenproletariat .

However , they will only do this if they have a chance of hitting an adventurer — if a spell such as Zone of Sanctuary is in operation , for instance , the Skeletons will bide their time .
however , they will only do this if they have a chance of hitting an adventurer — if a spell such as [area] of sanctuary is in operation , for instance , the skeletons will bide their time .

Zone of Sanctuary and similar spells will not work against either type of Gargoyle ; the adventurers must fight their way through .
[area] of sanctuary and similar spells will not work against either type of gargoyle ; the adventurers must fight their way through .

They are not Undead , and so are not kept at bay by a Zone of Sanctuary .
they are not undead , and so are not kept at bay by a [area] of sanctuary .

Unfortunately for the adventurers , the swords carried by the suits of armour ( one in each gauntlet ) each have a Zone-dispelling effect enchanted on them ; each sword can dispel any one Zone spell on contact , thereafter becoming an enchanted sword with no bonuses or special abilities .
unfortunately for the adventurers , the swords carried by the suits of armour ( one in each gauntlet ) each have a zone-dispelling effect enchanted on them ; each sword can dispel any one [area] spell on contact , thereafter becoming an enchanted sword with no bonuses or special abilities .

The second Book of Flesh contains the Elemental Magic spells Hand of Fire , Zone of Hiding , Move Object , Wither Vegetation , Breathe Fire and Animate Water .
the second book of flesh contains the elemental magic spells hand of fire , [area] of hiding , move object , wither vegetation , breathe fire and animate water .

Right : Mazda 's modern-styled Approach Light picks up movement in a wide detection zone , and has an economical five minute switch off delay
right : mazda 's modern-styled approach light picks up movement in a wide detection [area] , and has an economical five minute switch off delay

Finally on the limestone of Chapel Head Scar , now open for traffic , John Gaskins placed four bolt runners in the shallow groove right of Phantom Zone to give the extremely hard surfing With The Alien , ( F7c/8a ) .
finally on the limestone of chapel head scar , now open for traffic , john gaskins placed four bolt runners in the shallow groove right of phantom [area] to give the extremely hard surfing with the alien , ( f7c/8a ) .

German reaction after the raid was to later over-stretch their Atlantic Wall , with some 30,000 extra troops and material being deployed in Norway , which Hitler took to be ‘ the zone of destiny in this war ’ .
german reaction after the raid was to later over-stretch their atlantic wall , with some 30,000 extra troops and material being deployed in norway , which hitler took to be ‘ the [area] of destiny in this war ’ .

If the system has zone control and all the radiators in one part of the house are cold , the problem may be caused by a faulty motorised valve , which is isolating part of the system .
if the system has [area] control and all the radiators in one part of the house are cold , the problem may be caused by a faulty motorised valve , which is isolating part of the system .

Woodcut zone map from Ambrosius Theodosius Macrobius 's Somnium Scipionis ex Ciceronis Libro de Republica Exerptum ( 1483 ) , the first printed map of the world on which ocean currents are shown .
woodcut [area] map from ambrosius theodosius macrobius 's somnium scipionis ex ciceronis libro de republica exerptum ( 1483 ) , the first printed map of the world on which ocean currents are shown .

Here , of course , as at so many other points in the blurred frontier zone between social anthropology , psychiatry and social psychology , the key question becomes : What is the threshold incidence which transforms individual into social phenomena ?
here , of course , as at so many other points in the blurred frontier [area] between social anthropology , psychiatry and social psychology , the key question becomes : what is the threshold incidence which transforms individual into social phenomena ?

By proposing the zone hospital concept to enable closures , Mezey was outlining a pan-regional rather than district-focused development of service .
by proposing the [area] hospital concept to enable closures , mezey was outlining a pan-regional rather than district-focused development of service .

The regional team of officers began from the basepoint of the Mezey Report , but this left them with considerable policy problems to solve since the zone hospital concept was supported neither by the constituent health authorities of the region ( the AHAs and the DMTs ) , nor by the community health councils .
the regional team of officers began from the basepoint of the mezey report , but this left them with considerable policy problems to solve since the [area] hospital concept was supported neither by the constituent health authorities of the region ( the ahas and the dmts ) , nor by the community health councils .

‘ They operate with very high combustion zone temperatures , large amounts of primary air and smoke box draught regularly exceeding 12 ins of water gauge .
‘ they operate with very high combustion [area] temperatures , large amounts of primary air and smoke box draught regularly exceeding 12 ins of water gauge .

The rumour was , they stripped you and took you to the adventure zone .
the rumour was , they stripped you and took you to the adventure [area] .

This apparent advantage over a predominantly rural rebel zone would only be maintained , however , if the Republic could hold on to its territory , overcome the isolation of the north coast from the rest of the zone , put its precious metal reserves to good use , pay for essential raw materials and feed its large urban population .
this apparent advantage over a predominantly rural rebel [area] would only be maintained , however , if the republic could hold on to its territory , overcome the isolation of the north coast from the rest of the [area] , put its precious metal reserves to good use , pay for essential raw materials and feed its large urban population .

Nevertheless it must be recognized that most of the killing of rightists in the Republican zone was spontaneous and that the government sought , successfully in the long run , to bring it to an end .
nevertheless it must be recognized that most of the killing of rightists in the republican [area] was spontaneous and that the government sought , successfully in the long run , to bring it to an end .

The contrast with the deliberate and sustained pursuit of leftists in the Nationalist zone needs no further elaboration .
the contrast with the deliberate and sustained pursuit of leftists in the nationalist [area] needs no further elaboration .

For Franco , the most problematical feature within the Nationalist zone was the continued existence of independent and competing political movements .
for franco , the most problematical feature within the nationalist [area] was the continued existence of independent and competing political movements .

The second reason was more disinterested : a simple unwillingness to tolerate during wartime political divisions which might — as in the Republican zone — lessen military effectiveness .
the second reason was more disinterested : a simple unwillingness to tolerate during wartime political divisions which might — as in the republican [area] — lessen military effectiveness .

In July there commenced the final Republican offensive of the war : the crossing of the river Ebro by 80,000 men in an attempt to reunite Catalonia with the ‘ central zone ’ .
in july there commenced the final republican offensive of the war : the crossing of the river ebro by 80,000 men in an attempt to reunite catalonia with the ‘ central [area] ’ .

To a population existing on ‘ Dr Negrín 's Resistance Pills ’ — lentils — leaflets dropped from Nationalist aircraft , informing them of the plentiful food in the Nationalist zone , were weapons as potent as bombs .
to a population existing on ‘ dr negrín 's resistance pills ’ — lentils — leaflets dropped from nationalist aircraft , informing them of the plentiful food in the nationalist [area] , were weapons as potent as bombs .

In order to defeat an enemy who was always likely to be stronger in conventional military terms , the argument continues , what was required was a revolutionary war based upon a social transformation which as well as enthusing the population of Republican Spain might also have inspired to revolution that of the enemy zone .
in order to defeat an enemy who was always likely to be stronger in conventional military terms , the argument continues , what was required was a revolutionary war based upon a social transformation which as well as enthusing the population of republican spain might also have inspired to revolution that of the enemy [area] .

Crucially he arranged these zones every 15° longitude apart : with 360° around the globe , and 24 hours to deal with , simple arithmetic indicated that each zone should be roughly 15° wide .
crucially he arranged these zones every 15° longitude apart : with 360° around the globe , and 24 hours to deal with , simple arithmetic indicated that each [area] should be roughly 15° wide .

So America was pared into four — the Eastern time zone , the Central , Mountain and Pacific .
so america was pared into four — the eastern time [area] , the central , mountain and pacific .

This supposed boundary of the Pacific plate almost exactly parallels what was once called the Andesite Line : a zone surrounding the Pacific , on the outer edge of which are found rocks of an andesitic — acid — variety , and within which nearly all the rocks are of a more basic kind , using the word in its chemical sense .
this supposed boundary of the pacific plate almost exactly parallels what was once called the andesite line : a [area] surrounding the pacific , on the outer edge of which are found rocks of an andesitic — acid — variety , and within which nearly all the rocks are of a more basic kind , using the word in its chemical sense .

The order , then , is always the same : Pacific Plate , trench , volcanic island , earthquake zone , Continental Plate .
the order , then , is always the same : pacific plate , trench , volcanic island , earthquake [area] , continental plate .

As one progresses outward from the sea , there is the classic order : the Japan trench ; the Japanese Islands ; Fuji-san ; the great Kansei earthquake zone ; the Sea of Japan ; the Asian continent ; Siberia .
as one progresses outward from the sea , there is the classic order : the japan trench ; the japanese islands ; fuji-san ; the great kansei earthquake [area] ; the sea of japan ; the asian continent ; siberia .

The line of trenches indicates precisely where the Pacific subduction zone begins , exactly where the Pacific Plate collides with its neighbours .
the line of trenches indicates precisely where the pacific subduction [area] begins , exactly where the pacific plate collides with its neighbours .

( The Atlantic , though dominated by an enormous mid-ocean ridge where new sea-floor is being created at a modest rate of about an inch a year , is home to only two very small subduction zones , with volcanoes and trenches , in the Caribbean and the South Sandwich Islands , and therefore is not being destroyed at its edges as rapidly as it is being created in the middle ; the Indian Ocean is similarly undramatic — a mid-ocean ridge once again , but a single subduction zone where its eastern plate collides with the Eurasian Plate and produces the volcanoes that — like Krakatoa — line the southern side of the islands of Java , Sumatra and Timor . )
( the atlantic , though dominated by an enormous mid-ocean ridge where new sea-floor is being created at a modest rate of about an inch a year , is home to only two very small subduction zones , with volcanoes and trenches , in the caribbean and the south sandwich islands , and therefore is not being destroyed at its edges as rapidly as it is being created in the middle ; the indian ocean is similarly undramatic — a mid-ocean ridge once again , but a single subduction [area] where its eastern plate collides with the eurasian plate and produces the volcanoes that — like krakatoa — line the southern side of the islands of java , sumatra and timor . )

The storms seem to be formed in the strangely disturbed band of atmosphere that lies athwart the equator between the two trade wind regions , and is known as the intertropical convergence zone .
the storms seem to be formed in the strangely disturbed band of atmosphere that lies athwart the equator between the two trade wind regions , and is known as the intertropical convergence [area] .

The infamous Chilean case , in May 1960 , began with an earthquake deep in the subduction zone between the Nazca and the South American Plates : scores of people died near the town of Puerto Montt .
the infamous chilean case , in may 1960 , began with an earthquake deep in the subduction [area] between the nazca and the south american plates : scores of people died near the town of puerto montt .

Generally speaking , a subduction zone is the place where the major business of the earth 's surface is done .
generally speaking , a subduction [area] is the place where the major business of the earth 's surface is done .

Geophysicists are perhaps not best known for their romantic souls , and when they invented the dire appellation subduction zone , they probably overlooked the fact that precisely because of all this subterranean frenzy , each one is an area of quite extraordinary beauty .
geophysicists are perhaps not best known for their romantic souls , and when they invented the dire appellation subduction [area] , they probably overlooked the fact that precisely because of all this subterranean frenzy , each one is an area of quite extraordinary beauty .

Yet in some zone of his mind where reason played no part , bizarrely he rejoiced .
yet in some [area] of his mind where reason played no part , bizarrely he rejoiced .

Finally , in a remote zone of the fortress-monastery , the guides ushered Lexandro and company into a scarcely-lit , groin-vaulted chamber — and promptly skipped back out , slamming the plasteel door that was wrought with the face of a carnivorous lizard .
finally , in a remote [area] of the fortress-monastery , the guides ushered lexandro and company into a scarcely-lit , groin-vaulted chamber — and promptly skipped back out , slamming the plasteel door that was wrought with the face of a carnivorous lizard .

They stumbled , shrieking , till they reached the nearest safe zone , and stopped .
they stumbled , shrieking , till they reached the nearest safe [area] , and stopped .

Somehow he had traversed the latest scorching zone , feeling that he was being utterly consumed .
somehow he had traversed the latest scorching [area] , feeling that he was being utterly consumed .

Tundrish and Valence had reached the previous safe zone , and appeared done for .
tundrish and valence had reached the previous safe [area] , and appeared done for .

He already knew , from collision with it , that the very next zone was of a frigidity so intense that it too would burn like fire .
he already knew , from collision with it , that the very next [area] was of a frigidity so intense that it too would burn like fire .

Together , the three hunched in the safe zone .
together , the three hunched in the safe [area] .

‘ And the Deeds of Rogal Dorn thereafter compose an entire hagiography , which we will now start to consider in detail — commencing with our Primarch 's role in the expulsion of the renegade Iron Warriors from the Human Imperium into the forbidden zone known as the Eye of Chaos , a region about which we speak softly if at all … ’
‘ and the deeds of rogal dorn thereafter compose an entire hagiography , which we will now start to consider in detail — commencing with our primarch 's role in the expulsion of the renegade iron warriors from the human imperium into the forbidden [area] known as the eye of chaos , a region about which we speak softly if at all … ’

Migrants flocking in panic from the battle zone provided a useful veil of confusion .
migrants flocking in panic from the battle [area] provided a useful veil of confusion .

’ as the zeks walk in their guarded column between the Zone and the Factory .
’ as the zeks walk in their guarded column between the [area] and the factory .

During that hour the zeks recross the railway line and the road and return to the Zone , once more to be counted and to be searched .
during that hour the zeks recross the railway line and the road and return to the [area] , once more to be counted and to be searched .

In the evening they return again to the Zone .
in the evening they return again to the [area] .

Within the zone of space contained within the sight line , no construction or vegetable growth will be permitted over 500 mm high .
within the [area] of space contained within the sight line , no construction or vegetable growth will be permitted over 500 mm high .

Estonia left the Soviet time zone and aligned itself chronologically with Finland ; Christmas became a public holiday ; and the republican capital , Tallinn , was given its Estonian name ( with two ns rather than one ) for all-union purposes .
estonia left the soviet time [area] and aligned itself chronologically with finland ; christmas became a public holiday ; and the republican capital , tallinn , was given its estonian name ( with two ns rather than one ) for all-union purposes .

Nobody would be foolish enough to land an old ship like that in the middle of a war zone without a very good idea of how to defend it .
nobody would be foolish enough to land an old ship like that in the middle of a war [area] without a very good idea of how to defend it .

People seemed to forget that the entire fourth zone was in a perpetual state of starvation anyway .
people seemed to forget that the entire fourth [area] was in a perpetual state of starvation anyway .

He pulled a fold of cloth loose and , with tender movements , as if he were sensually unwrapping some erogenous zone , he felt the cloth .
he pulled a fold of cloth loose and , with tender movements , as if he were sensually unwrapping some erogenous [area] , he felt the cloth .

Finch was a man with no zone of indifference and a lifelong distaste for milky kindnesses , which made his present wish to push Henry away and into a career of his own both powerful and covert .
finch was a man with no [area] of indifference and a lifelong distaste for milky kindnesses , which made his present wish to push henry away and into a career of his own both powerful and covert .

Not all the demobilized troops had seen service in the immediate European war zone .
not all the demobilized troops had seen service in the immediate european war [area] .

Most of the pot is still covered with fine lines , but a zone left for decoration with animals or flowers — forms drawn in outline .
most of the pot is still covered with fine lines , but a [area] left for decoration with animals or flowers — forms drawn in outline .

There is a particularly marked contrast between the experience of the more urbanized areas of the Midlands and northern England and that of the broad zone to the north and west of London stretching from Hampshire and Wiltshire through to Cambridgeshire and Norfolk .
there is a particularly marked contrast between the experience of the more urbanized areas of the midlands and northern england and that of the broad [area] to the north and west of london stretching from hampshire and wiltshire through to cambridgeshire and norfolk .

During the inter-war years commuting was encouraged by the railway companies and by speculative builders and it was only after the Second World War that the more widespread use of the car and the continuing electrification of the railways allowed the commuting zone to be extended further .
during the inter-war years commuting was encouraged by the railway companies and by speculative builders and it was only after the second world war that the more widespread use of the car and the continuing electrification of the railways allowed the commuting [area] to be extended further .

The effect of these various imperfections is to cede to companies a zone of discretion in relation to products and prices and the wide range of factors connected with the production process .
the effect of these various imperfections is to cede to companies a [area] of discretion in relation to products and prices and the wide range of factors connected with the production process .

If you travel across the city , you move from numbered zone to numbered zone .
if you travel across the city , you move from numbered [area] to numbered [area] .

On the cusp of the second zone , close to the mainline station — the place where he always went — Ellwood picked up a girl and took her home .
on the cusp of the second [area] , close to the mainline station — the place where he always went — ellwood picked up a girl and took her home .

‘ Where is this place , Rob ? ’ Pascoe looked round hopelessly for a pen and paper , then memorized the information Thomas gave him — a room number and an address close to the edge of Zone Two .
‘ where is this place , rob ? ’ pascoe looked round hopelessly for a pen and paper , then memorized the information thomas gave him — a room number and an address close to the edge of [area] two .

Down on the southern edge of Zone One , you can hear sirens most of the time ; you could imagine that wild animals roamed the park outside Pascoe 's window , the constant whoop-screech-whoop their cries .
down on the southern edge of [area] one , you can hear sirens most of the time ; you could imagine that wild animals roamed the park outside pascoe 's window , the constant whoop-screech-whoop their cries .

Drub-drub-drub-drub-drub … The bass was a word of warning from the dead zone .
drub-drub-drub-drub-drub … the bass was a word of warning from the dead [area] .

This followed an armistice agreement signed by representatives of France and the Democratic Republic the previous day accepting the division of the country along the 17th parallel with a demilitarised zone between .
this followed an armistice agreement signed by representatives of france and the democratic republic the previous day accepting the division of the country along the 17th parallel with a demilitarised [area] between .

It remains the criterion of pollution , despite its irregular enforcement ; as such it creates a zone of officially tolerated ‘ pollution ’ which will vary as the standard and the setting of the discharge vary .
it remains the criterion of pollution , despite its irregular enforcement ; as such it creates a [area] of officially tolerated ‘ pollution ’ which will vary as the standard and the setting of the discharge vary .

As degree of opacity diminishes , we approach the somewhat indeterminate transitional zone between opacity and transparency : indeed , some of the irreversible binominals are hard to categorise as one or the other : salt and vinegar ( in chip-shop parlance ) , soap and water , etc .
as degree of opacity diminishes , we approach the somewhat indeterminate transitional [area] between opacity and transparency : indeed , some of the irreversible binominals are hard to categorise as one or the other : salt and vinegar ( in chip-shop parlance ) , soap and water , etc .

was indeed limited to a broad zone between Yorkshire and Dorset , and was primarily concerned with the removal of the traditional open or common fields and their replacement by the enclosed fields which cover almost the entire area today .
was indeed limited to a broad [area] between yorkshire and dorset , and was primarily concerned with the removal of the traditional open or common fields and their replacement by the enclosed fields which cover almost the entire area today .

Second , though before the enclosures of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries the pattern of agriculture in this zone was basically a medieval one , it is also true to say that that in most of the rest of England was also medieval or even earlier in appearance .
second , though before the enclosures of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries the pattern of agriculture in this [area] was basically a medieval one , it is also true to say that that in most of the rest of england was also medieval or even earlier in appearance .

Even later on , in the medieval period , when the downlands were indeed grass-covered grazing areas , the generally wide ‘ zone ’ of communication was made up of countless trackways criss-crossing each other , quite unlike what survives today .
even later on , in the medieval period , when the downlands were indeed grass-covered grazing areas , the generally wide ‘ [area] ’ of communication was made up of countless trackways criss-crossing each other , quite unlike what survives today .

With such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary conditions as follows : 1 ) Inserted state : that code which contains only one space zone , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) Remote state : that code which does not contain the zone ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) Transition state : that code which contains more than one zone with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .
with such a coding system it is possible to establish the primary conditions as follows : 1 ) inserted state : that code which contains only one space [area] , that being ( 0,0,0 ) 2 ) remote state : that code which does not contain the [area] ( 0,0,0 ) 3 ) transition state : that code which contains more than one [area] with one of them being ( 0,0,0 ) .

On the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .
on the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection [area] ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .

It is then necessary to move towards comparing local geometry in the intersection zone .
it is then necessary to move towards comparing local geometry in the intersection [area] .

It is critical that the two teams know what each has designed around the interface zone , for the project to be a success .
it is critical that the two teams know what each has designed around the interface [area] , for the project to be a success .

To check clash , only entities in the interference zone need be selected , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and displayed on the user 's workstation .
to check clash , only entities in the interference [area] need be selected , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and displayed on the user 's workstation .

All six degrees of freedom are seen to take on some zone of possible position or angle .
all six degrees of freedom are seen to take on some [area] of possible position or angle .

National frontiers are the `` red zone `` for guerrilla ethnographers .
national frontiers are the `` red [area] `` for guerrilla ethnographers .

In the future , it might be possible for us to reset our body clock to the new time zone quickly , by taking a pill containing melatonin at the appropriate time of day .
in the future , it might be possible for us to reset our body clock to the new time [area] quickly , by taking a pill containing melatonin at the appropriate time of day .

From the east , forces under Soviet command had taken Vienna on 13 April and troops of the Third Ukrainian Front under Marshal Tolbukhin were advancing into the eastern part of what it had been agreed would be the British Zone of Austria .
from the east , forces under soviet command had taken vienna on 13 april and troops of the third ukrainian front under marshal tolbukhin were advancing into the eastern part of what it had been agreed would be the british [area] of austria .

Tolbukhin 's forces advanced into the British Zone and only stopped when , on 9 May , they met troops of Gen Keightley 's 5 Corps .
tolbukhin 's forces advanced into the british [area] and only stopped when , on 9 may , they met troops of gen keightley 's 5 corps .

The Soviets : on Gen Keightley 's right flank , Macmillan goes on : `` Marshal Tolbukhin 's armies have spread out into what is supposed to be the British Zone in Austria , including the important city and road centre of Graz .
the soviets : on gen keightley 's right flank , macmillan goes on : `` marshal tolbukhin 's armies have spread out into what is supposed to be the british [area] in austria , including the important city and road centre of graz .

Stimulation also disrupted sequential oral-facial movements , but not repetitive movements of the same gesture , at other sites within the classical language zone but not at control sites outside this area .
stimulation also disrupted sequential oral-facial movements , but not repetitive movements of the same gesture , at other sites within the classical language [area] but not at control sites outside this area .

He regarded chromosomal polymorphism as due to secondary integration in a hybrid zone .
he regarded chromosomal polymorphism as due to secondary integration in a hybrid [area] .

Populations were slightly higher in the wooded taiga zone further south , where the abundance of game , fowl and fish supplied enough food for denser settlement .
populations were slightly higher in the wooded taiga [area] further south , where the abundance of game , fowl and fish supplied enough food for denser settlement .

As Russians penetrated southwards from the forested zone ( taiga ) to the wooded steppe , and then the open grasslands , they built new fortresses .
as russians penetrated southwards from the forested [area] ( taiga ) to the wooded steppe , and then the open grasslands , they built new fortresses .

The Dzhungar state , the last in a long line of typical steppe nomad conglomerates descended from Genghis Khan 's empire , also claimed the more southerly zone where lay the headwaters of the Ob-Irtysh river system .
the dzhungar state , the last in a long line of typical steppe nomad conglomerates descended from genghis khan 's empire , also claimed the more southerly [area] where lay the headwaters of the ob-irtysh river system .

It was presumably from present-day Manchuria that the Tungus tribes gradually spread northwards to pervade the taiga as far as the Arctic zone , from the Sea of Okhotsk in the east to the Yenisei in the west .
it was presumably from present-day manchuria that the tungus tribes gradually spread northwards to pervade the taiga as far as the arctic [area] , from the sea of okhotsk in the east to the yenisei in the west .

The Russians themselves , along with other people from west of the Urals , settled most densely in a zone approximately 400 to 700 kilometres widen following the main land route across southern Siberia , with particularly large wedges near the Urals and between Omsk and Krasnoyarsk , where by the late nineteenth century practically no native people remained except for widely scattered villages of Tatars .
the russians themselves , along with other people from west of the urals , settled most densely in a [area] approximately 400 to 700 kilometres widen following the main land route across southern siberia , with particularly large wedges near the urals and between omsk and krasnoyarsk , where by the late nineteenth century practically no native people remained except for widely scattered villages of tatars .

through the twilight zone , past the famous station
through the twilight [area] , past the famous station

The old quarrel between Corinth and Megara was about borders ; by the end of the archaic period Corinth had absorbed most of this frontier zone of good arable land , so that Strabo ( 380 ) can say of Krommyon , which is halfway to Megara , that it ‘ was once Megarian but is now Corinthian ’ .
the old quarrel between corinth and megara was about borders ; by the end of the archaic period corinth had absorbed most of this frontier [area] of good arable land , so that strabo ( 380 ) can say of krommyon , which is halfway to megara , that it ‘ was once megarian but is now corinthian ’ .

Jackson ( 1968 ) , in a study of the north Cotswolds , observed that the main zone of depopulation was the area of hill farming , while the fringes of the Cotswolds , which are accessible to the West Midlands urban areas , had received large numbers of in-migrants .
jackson ( 1968 ) , in a study of the north cotswolds , observed that the main [area] of depopulation was the area of hill farming , while the fringes of the cotswolds , which are accessible to the west midlands urban areas , had received large numbers of in-migrants .

The first such green belt was introduced in 1938 , when an Act of Parliament allowed a zone to be established around London .
the first such green belt was introduced in 1938 , when an act of parliament allowed a [area] to be established around london .

However , the influential Greater London Plan of 1944 , proposed by Abercrombie , advocated an enlarged green belt for London , mainly as a ‘ sanitary zone ’ around the city , to prevent further urban encroachment .
however , the influential greater london plan of 1944 , proposed by abercrombie , advocated an enlarged green belt for london , mainly as a ‘ sanitary [area] ’ around the city , to prevent further urban encroachment .

It is interesting that a number of individuals on the Sandford Review Committee felt that there was a need to establish a new type of national park zone ; these were to be ‘ inner ’ National Heritage Areas , where the claims of conservation were to have clear priority .
it is interesting that a number of individuals on the sandford review committee felt that there was a need to establish a new type of national park [area] ; these were to be ‘ inner ’ national heritage areas , where the claims of conservation were to have clear priority .

In such a zone the refusal rate was a high as 40 per cent compared with only 20 per cent in mid-Devon , which has little protection .
in such a [area] the refusal rate was a high as 40 per cent compared with only 20 per cent in mid-devon , which has little protection .

They tend to make only statements which ‘ steer far wider of the unlawful zone ’ .
they tend to make only statements which ‘ steer far wider of the unlawful [area] ’ .

The second crucial feature of neurons is the ability to relay this information to a particular destination in the rest of the brain , its projective zone .
the second crucial feature of neurons is the ability to relay this information to a particular destination in the rest of the brain , its projective [area] .

Projective zone
projective [area]

Perhaps in the next decade the projective zone will be recognised to be a neural processing tool as powerful as the neuron 's receptive field and trigger feature .
perhaps in the next decade the projective [area] will be recognised to be a neural processing tool as powerful as the neuron 's receptive field and trigger feature .

Goldthorpe shows that , contrary to the ‘ closure ’ and ‘ buffer zone ’ theses , there has been a very substantial recruitment of males from manual working class family backgrounds into even the ‘ highest ’ strata of salaried employment .
goldthorpe shows that , contrary to the ‘ closure ’ and ‘ buffer [area] ’ theses , there has been a very substantial recruitment of males from manual working class family backgrounds into even the ‘ highest ’ strata of salaried employment .

It is to that ‘ twilight zone ’ that we should direct our attentions , waiting and watching on as the edges waiver , become indistinct , and blend .
it is to that ‘ twilight [area] ’ that we should direct our attentions , waiting and watching on as the edges waiver , become indistinct , and blend .

Towards the limits of the pluviose zone , in Alava and southern Navarre , the village begins to replace the homestead and the aristocratic element in society is stronger .
towards the limits of the pluviose [area] , in alava and southern navarre , the village begins to replace the homestead and the aristocratic element in society is stronger .

Towards the west the peasant society of the wet zone decreases in stability and prosperity until , in the extreme north-west , over-population and its consequence , the minute holding ( minifundium ) , have reduced Galicia to a depressed region .
towards the west the peasant society of the wet [area] decreases in stability and prosperity until , in the extreme north-west , over-population and its consequence , the minute holding ( minifundium ) , have reduced galicia to a depressed region .

Whereas in Europe , the Nile Valley , south-west Asia and India the supreme measure of value attached to gold , in China and the Maya zone of Mesoamerica it went to jade .
whereas in europe , the nile valley , south-west asia and india the supreme measure of value attached to gold , in china and the maya [area] of mesoamerica it went to jade .

When Captain Cook visited the nephrite zone of the South Island of New Zealand , the Maori described jade as a fish that became stone only when brought to land .
when captain cook visited the nephrite [area] of the south island of new zealand , the maori described jade as a fish that became stone only when brought to land .

India , mainly the eastern zone of the Deccan , held a monopoly in the supply of diamonds until stones were discovered in Brazil in 1725 and brought home to Portugal three years later .
india , mainly the eastern [area] of the deccan , held a monopoly in the supply of diamonds until stones were discovered in brazil in 1725 and brought home to portugal three years later .

They remained long enough to give their name to the region of Italy where they settled , and to create the marcher duchy of Friuli as a buffer zone against attacks on their kingdom by the occupiers of the Sava-Danube lowlands — the Slavs and their overlords , the Avars .
they remained long enough to give their name to the region of italy where they settled , and to create the marcher duchy of friuli as a buffer [area] against attacks on their kingdom by the occupiers of the sava-danube lowlands — the slavs and their overlords , the avars .

The Hungarians attempted to create a marcher zone to protect their frontier against the Turks by supporting Bosnian resistance in the area between Jajce and the Sava , but after the battle of Mohács in 1526 these pockets of resistance soon collapsed and virtually all Bosnia and Hercegovina lay under the rule of the sultans until the late nineteenth century .
the hungarians attempted to create a marcher [area] to protect their frontier against the turks by supporting bosnian resistance in the area between jajce and the sava , but after the battle of mohács in 1526 these pockets of resistance soon collapsed and virtually all bosnia and hercegovina lay under the rule of the sultans until the late nineteenth century .

The militärgrenze ( military frontier zone ) established in 1578 was largely settled by refugees from Turkish-occupied Bosnia and Serbia .
the militärgrenze ( military frontier [area] ) established in 1578 was largely settled by refugees from turkish-occupied bosnia and serbia .

Many of those who fled across the Danube became graničari ( frontiersmen ) in the military frontier zone set up by the Habsburgs ; others manned fortresses in Dalmatia , combining defence against the Turks in the interior with piracy in the Adriatic .
many of those who fled across the danube became graničari ( frontiersmen ) in the military frontier [area] set up by the habsburgs ; others manned fortresses in dalmatia , combining defence against the turks in the interior with piracy in the adriatic .

In 1578 the military frontier ( Militärgrenze ) was established as a defensive zone protecting the Habsburg lands from the Turks .
in 1578 the military frontier ( militärgrenze ) was established as a defensive [area] protecting the habsburg lands from the turks .

The western end of the line held firm for most of the three centuries of the frontier zone 's history , although there were frequent Turkish raids into Carinthia , Carniola , Styria and Croatia .
the western end of the line held firm for most of the three centuries of the frontier [area] 's history , although there were frequent turkish raids into carinthia , carniola , styria and croatia .

The lands which formed the military frontier had suffered greatly from the passage of armies in both directions during the fierce fighting of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , and when the defensive zone was established many of the villages had been depopulated .
the lands which formed the military frontier had suffered greatly from the passage of armies in both directions during the fierce fighting of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , and when the defensive [area] was established many of the villages had been depopulated .

Matthias , for the first time , summoned Croat nobles to the Hungarian Diet and reorganised the defences against the Turks , building fortresses along the Sava and Kupa in what later became the military frontier zone .
matthias , for the first time , summoned croat nobles to the hungarian diet and reorganised the defences against the turks , building fortresses along the sava and kupa in what later became the military frontier [area] .

The ideal settlers for the zone , which was directly administered by the Austrians , were refugees from Serbia , the so-called uskoks .
the ideal settlers for the [area] , which was directly administered by the austrians , were refugees from serbia , the so-called uskoks .

The Adriatic coast and the offshore islands form a distinct geographical zone , separated from the interior of the Balkan peninsula by the formidable barrier of the Dinaric Alps .
the adriatic coast and the offshore islands form a distinct geographical [area] , separated from the interior of the balkan peninsula by the formidable barrier of the dinaric alps .

The Mediterranean climatic zone , and the mode of life associated with it , is restricted to a thin fringe extending only a few miles inland .
the mediterranean climatic [area] , and the mode of life associated with it , is restricted to a thin fringe extending only a few miles inland .

The Pelješac peninsula provided an easily defended rampart to the north , and the screen of islands protected the central zone in which the city itself lay .
the pelješac peninsula provided an easily defended rampart to the north , and the screen of islands protected the central [area] in which the city itself lay .

There was , however , something about the regular yet enormous features of the cavern that suggested that man could never have performed such a feat in this time zone .
there was , however , something about the regular yet enormous features of the cavern that suggested that man could never have performed such a feat in this time [area] .

Shouldering the gun in the sure knowledge that the Doctor would be seriously pissed off if she let it fall into local hands in this time zone , she drew the grenade from her pockets , and poked her head up just long enough to check the distance .
shouldering the gun in the sure knowledge that the doctor would be seriously pissed off if she let it fall into local hands in this time [area] , she drew the grenade from her pockets , and poked her head up just long enough to check the distance .

They were already well within the shield zone and , had the barge been hostile , it could have inflicted untold damage .
they were already well within the shield [area] and , had the barge been hostile , it could have inflicted untold damage .

Even if one of the ovoids was in the Simonova 's docking bay — a recovery sequence had been initiated shortly before Rostov had retired to his quarters — those which were adjacent in orbit would open fire as soon as the pod was more than ten kilometres from the survey vessel 's shield zone .
even if one of the ovoids was in the simonova 's docking bay — a recovery sequence had been initiated shortly before rostov had retired to his quarters — those which were adjacent in orbit would open fire as soon as the pod was more than ten kilometres from the survey vessel 's shield [area] .

Say twenty seconds to exit the Simonova 's shield zone , at which point the pod would be a target for both of the adjacent platforms …
say twenty seconds to exit the simonova 's shield [area] , at which point the pod would be a target for both of the adjacent platforms …

These may be of several kinds : point mutations involving protein coding genes or tRNA ( 5–9 ) , or more substantial deletion ( 10–12 ) or duplication type mutations ( 13 ) , localized by most studies in a highly specific single-strand zone during replication ( 14–16 ) .
these may be of several kinds : point mutations involving protein coding genes or trna ( 5–9 ) , or more substantial deletion ( 10–12 ) or duplication type mutations ( 13 ) , localized by most studies in a highly specific single-strand [area] during replication ( 14–16 ) .

If cervical intraepithelial neoplasia was diagnosed from the tissue specimens we excised the whole transformation zone about 4–6 weeks later by low voltage diathermy ablation or cold knife conisation .
if cervical intraepithelial neoplasia was diagnosed from the tissue specimens we excised the whole transformation [area] about 4–6 weeks later by low voltage diathermy ablation or cold knife conisation .

Here the visitor can wander around without hindrance , as most of the antique area is now a pedestrian zone .
here the visitor can wander around without hindrance , as most of the antique area is now a pedestrian [area] .

The government has accepted Tomlinson 's recommendation for investment in premises and has set up an initiative zone to encourage new ideas .
the government has accepted tomlinson 's recommendation for investment in premises and has set up an initiative [area] to encourage new ideas .

June 1941 was the second devastating German invasion of Russia in recent times and it was understandable that Moscow wished to create a buffer zone between itself and Germany .
june 1941 was the second devastating german invasion of russia in recent times and it was understandable that moscow wished to create a buffer [area] between itself and germany .

The French were granted an occupation zone mainly thanks to Britain .
the french were granted an occupation [area] mainly thanks to britain .

The Soviets , with control of the eastern zone , could pose as the champions of German reunification and try to win West Germans over to their side .
the soviets , with control of the eastern [area] , could pose as the champions of german reunification and try to win west germans over to their side .

Tyneside in particular and the North East in general was a zone of great prosperity .
tyneside in particular and the north east in general was a [area] of great prosperity .

Hence , although Cramlington is in the outer ring and has a distinctive industrial zone of some importance , the actual development of its owner-occupied locations was close to that of inner-ring locations like Westerhope ( see Banim , 1987 ) .
hence , although cramlington is in the outer ring and has a distinctive industrial [area] of some importance , the actual development of its owner-occupied locations was close to that of inner-ring locations like westerhope ( see banim , 1987 ) .

Both occurred outside normal planning controls as they were located within the area of the Newcastle-Gateshead Enterprise Zone ( see Anderson , 1983 ) .
both occurred outside normal planning controls as they were located within the area of the newcastle-gateshead enterprise [area] ( see anderson , 1983 ) .

Lipps then caught an 11 yard Malone pass before making a leaping seven yard touchdown catch over Colts ' cornerback Preston Davis in the end zone .
lipps then caught an 11 yard malone pass before making a leaping seven yard touchdown catch over colts ' cornerback preston davis in the end [area] .

What is the meaning of the following : hook up ; completion ; touchdown catch ; end zone ?
what is the meaning of the following : hook up ; completion ; touchdown catch ; end [area] ?

No other formalities are necessary and , as the Canaries are a duty-free zone , the customs authorities do not normally inspect yachts .
no other formalities are necessary and , as the canaries are a duty-free [area] , the customs authorities do not normally inspect yachts .

The British sent troops to defend the Abadan refinery and made a secret deal with the Russians whereby at the end of the war the Russians would have control of Istanbul and the Dardanelles , and Iran would be divided between them , the Russians in the North , the British in the South , and the British influential in the `` neutral `` zone , where the oil was to be founded .
the british sent troops to defend the abadan refinery and made a secret deal with the russians whereby at the end of the war the russians would have control of istanbul and the dardanelles , and iran would be divided between them , the russians in the north , the british in the south , and the british influential in the `` neutral `` [area] , where the oil was to be founded .

The combination of bombs , shells , napalm , bulldozers and herbicides had turned our tropical forests into a ‘ white zone ’ .
the combination of bombs , shells , napalm , bulldozers and herbicides had turned our tropical forests into a ‘ white [area] ’ .

One of its first acts was to declare a 200-mile zone within which all foreign vessels need licences to fish .
one of its first acts was to declare a 200-mile [area] within which all foreign vessels need licences to fish .

At the same time , on the other side of the city centre , but still within the inner zone where industry and housing are entangled , other pupils are attending another special unit .
at the same time , on the other side of the city centre , but still within the inner [area] where industry and housing are entangled , other pupils are attending another special unit .

Wu Shih is holding an emergency meeting of the Seven and there 's a two-hundred- li exclusion zone about Manhattan .
wu shih is holding an emergency meeting of the seven and there 's a two-hundred- li exclusion [area] about manhattan .

He had declared this week an alcohol-free zone after a bad hangover on Sunday morning .
he had declared this week an alcohol-free [area] after a bad hangover on sunday morning .

His alcohol-free time zone still had twelve hours more to run .
his alcohol-free time [area] still had twelve hours more to run .

Notably absent from this zone are the sedges Carex stans , and the angiosperm families Polypodiaceae , Liliaceae , Betulaceae , Empetraceae and Vacciniacae , all well represented further south .
notably absent from this [area] are the sedges carex stans , and the angiosperm families polypodiaceae , liliaceae , betulaceae , empetraceae and vacciniacae , all well represented further south .

While the northern belt has an almost exclusively polar desert flora , the southern belt has climatically-favoured areas where tundra species occur patchily , and forms a transition zone between high arctic and tundra .
while the northern belt has an almost exclusively polar desert flora , the southern belt has climatically-favoured areas where tundra species occur patchily , and forms a transition [area] between high arctic and tundra .

Tundra vegetation forms a semi-continuous zone all the way round the Arctic basin , wherever there is land far enough north to support it .
tundra vegetation forms a semi-continuous [area] all the way round the arctic basin , wherever there is land far enough north to support it .

The northern zone is one of progressive impoverishment , where tundra vegetation thins rapidly in height , density and number of species .
the northern [area] is one of progressive impoverishment , where tundra vegetation thins rapidly in height , density and number of species .

In the southern zone , where the growing season is longer , thickets of larger , denser shrubs become possible .
in the southern [area] , where the growing season is longer , thickets of larger , denser shrubs become possible .

The northernmost zone has the least continuous plant cover , the most patterned ground exposed , and the narrowest range of communities .
the northernmost [area] has the least continuous plant cover , the most patterned ground exposed , and the narrowest range of communities .

The treeline defining the southern tundra edge is often fringed by a forest-tundra zone , narrow in North America but broadening in Eurasia to a band up to 300km wide .
the treeline defining the southern tundra edge is often fringed by a forest-tundra [area] , narrow in north america but broadening in eurasia to a band up to 300km wide .

Chernov ( 1985 ) describes a transition zone of multi-layered vegetation , rich in species , patchy because of local variations in drainage and microclimate .
chernov ( 1985 ) describes a transition [area] of multi-layered vegetation , rich in species , patchy because of local variations in drainage and microclimate .

Shumskiy ( 1957 ) defines antarctic oases as substantial ice-free areas separated from an ice-sheet by an ablation zone , and kept free from snow by ablation due to low albedo and radiation .
shumskiy ( 1957 ) defines antarctic oases as substantial ice-free areas separated from an ice-sheet by an ablation [area] , and kept free from snow by ablation due to low albedo and radiation .

Thus the maritime zone is richer both in species and in variety of plant communities than the continent , though still poor in comparison with an arctic biome much closer to the pole .
thus the maritime [area] is richer both in species and in variety of plant communities than the continent , though still poor in comparison with an arctic biome much closer to the pole .

The periantarctic zone .
the periantarctic [area] .

Sulphur bacteria may be present below the anoxic zone , reducing sulphate ions and liberating hydrogen sulphide .
sulphur bacteria may be present below the anoxic [area] , reducing sulphate ions and liberating hydrogen sulphide .

They tend to follow recognized paths westward through the zone of easterly winds immediately surrounding the continent , then eastward and north through the westerlies .
they tend to follow recognized paths westward through the [area] of easterly winds immediately surrounding the continent , then eastward and north through the westerlies .

There are consequently very few pelagic fish or diving birds to be seen , and the zone of permanent pack ice gives an impression of lifelessness .
there are consequently very few pelagic fish or diving birds to be seen , and the [area] of permanent pack ice gives an impression of lifelessness .

Where islands beyond the northern limit of pack ice ( for example South Georgia ) have a rich intertidal flora and fauna , and are ringed by beds of giant kelp Macrocystis gigantea with strands 20–30 m long , those within the pack ice zone have a relatively bare shoreline and restricted sublittoral flora .
where islands beyond the northern limit of pack ice ( for example south georgia ) have a rich intertidal flora and fauna , and are ringed by beds of giant kelp macrocystis gigantea with strands 20–30 m long , those within the pack ice [area] have a relatively bare shoreline and restricted sublittoral flora .

Studying the littoral zone near Palmer Station , on the South Shetland Islands , Hedgpeth ( 1971 ) noted considerable seasonal variation .
studying the littoral [area] near palmer station , on the south shetland islands , hedgpeth ( 1971 ) noted considerable seasonal variation .

Among the green algae were small crustaceans and worms , and in a narrow zone above were small specimens of red algae ( Curdiea , Iridae , Leptosomia ) , growing in crevices during the summer only .
among the green algae were small crustaceans and worms , and in a narrow [area] above were small specimens of red algae ( curdiea , iridae , leptosomia ) , growing in crevices during the summer only .

From the sublittoral zone downward the sea-bed is covered by fine debris .
from the sublittoral [area] downward the sea-bed is covered by fine debris .

For example , of 134 species of mosses identified in Peary Land , north Greenland , Holmen ( 1960 ) categorized only one , Ortothecium acuminatum , as endemic to the area , and only 24 ( 18 % ) as having a mainly arctic distribution ; the remaining species are widely distributed in the north temperate zone .
for example , of 134 species of mosses identified in peary land , north greenland , holmen ( 1960 ) categorized only one , ortothecium acuminatum , as endemic to the area , and only 24 ( 18 % ) as having a mainly arctic distribution ; the remaining species are widely distributed in the north temperate [area] .

Vascular plants of the high Arctic seem by contrast to be remnants of the Tertiary flora that have survived in refugia throughout all the glaciations and recently dispersed southward , though seldom beyond the low Arctic zone .
vascular plants of the high arctic seem by contrast to be remnants of the tertiary flora that have survived in refugia throughout all the glaciations and recently dispersed southward , though seldom beyond the low arctic [area] .

Though geographers of classical times had predicted the existence of a southern polar continent , exploratory voyages of the 16th and 17th centuries ventured no further than the temperate zone of the southern hemisphere ( Mill , 1905 ) .
though geographers of classical times had predicted the existence of a southern polar continent , exploratory voyages of the 16th and 17th centuries ventured no further than the temperate [area] of the southern hemisphere ( mill , 1905 ) .

There had been unconfirmed or impracticable offers from the President of Honduras , from an American philanthropist , even from a quarantine station in the Panama Canal Zone ; the ship steamed on .
there had been unconfirmed or impracticable offers from the president of honduras , from an american philanthropist , even from a quarantine station in the panama canal [area] ; the ship steamed on .

The establishment of proper boundaries is clearly at issue in the use of linguistic structures that have the capacity to found a noman 's land between proper meanings and bounded territories , creating a zone of ambiguity .
the establishment of proper boundaries is clearly at issue in the use of linguistic structures that have the capacity to found a noman 's land between proper meanings and bounded territories , creating a [area] of ambiguity .

The unconscious as ‘ process ’ , the ‘ imaginary ’ , and the zone of the pre-symbolic are privileged in the feminized logical structures of Cixous ( 1975 ) , Kristeva ( 1974 ) , and others because they mark the areas in which male domination and discursive control are incomplete or ineffective .
the unconscious as ‘ process ’ , the ‘ imaginary ’ , and the [area] of the pre-symbolic are privileged in the feminized logical structures of cixous ( 1975 ) , kristeva ( 1974 ) , and others because they mark the areas in which male domination and discursive control are incomplete or ineffective .

Secondly , the zone of tension between the Soviet Union and the West allowed national liberation movements to play one side off against the other : on the one hand , fear of ‘ communism ’ induced some colonial powers to make political concessions , while on the other the Soviet Union often provided political support , arms and training to these movements .
secondly , the [area] of tension between the soviet union and the west allowed national liberation movements to play one side off against the other : on the one hand , fear of ‘ communism ’ induced some colonial powers to make political concessions , while on the other the soviet union often provided political support , arms and training to these movements .

Only those in the immediate ‘ zone ’ were evacuated , but the radiation , carried by the wind , did n't stop there .
only those in the immediate ‘ [area] ’ were evacuated , but the radiation , carried by the wind , did n't stop there .

We ran across the road to see it but the area remained a cow-free zone .
we ran across the road to see it but the area remained a cow-free [area] .

These trends and interrelationships can be illustrated most effectively by reference to the zone level of the Functional Regions framework , particularly the contrast between the Cores and Rings which make up the Daily Urban Systems of the 228 Functional Regions in Britain .
these trends and interrelationships can be illustrated most effectively by reference to the [area] level of the functional regions framework , particularly the contrast between the cores and rings which make up the daily urban systems of the 228 functional regions in britain .

Table 4.6 Population change , Great Britain , 1951–87 , by Functional Region zone
table 4.6 population change , great britain , 1951–87 , by functional region [area]

Within this green zone , which included old towns like Watford and Reigate and new communities such as Hornchurch and Upminster in the east and Banstead and Orpington in the south , there would be no further urban expansion except for very special cases .
within this green [area] , which included old towns like watford and reigate and new communities such as hornchurch and upminster in the east and banstead and orpington in the south , there would be no further urban expansion except for very special cases .

Ten years earlier Unwin had faced the alternative to London 's outward spread : either a continuous zone of free entry at varying degrees of density , its continuity broken by areas of public open space ; or a continuous green background as the setting for occasional development .
ten years earlier unwin had faced the alternative to london 's outward spread : either a continuous [area] of free entry at varying degrees of density , its continuity broken by areas of public open space ; or a continuous green background as the setting for occasional development .

Functionally the whole city was proposed as a ‘ one-use zone ’ for offices and business premises , but secondary uses such as shops , public buildings , light industry and warehouses could be admitted according to detailed location and access .
functionally the whole city was proposed as a ‘ one-use [area] ’ for offices and business premises , but secondary uses such as shops , public buildings , light industry and warehouses could be admitted according to detailed location and access .

London has seen the disappearance of more than three quarters of a million manufacturing jobs in 20 years : an aggregate figure masking stagnation and decline in an inner south-east zone , and growth in the west , in part related to Heathrow Airport , as a ‘ high-tech ’ crescent ( Hall et al .
london has seen the disappearance of more than three quarters of a million manufacturing jobs in 20 years : an aggregate figure masking stagnation and decline in an inner south-east [area] , and growth in the west , in part related to heathrow airport , as a ‘ high-tech ’ crescent ( hall et al .

It was doing seventy down a country lane , in a fifty-mile-an-hour zone .
it was doing seventy down a country lane , in a fifty-mile-an-hour [area] .

The zones of vegetation around the earth were determined by temperature and rainfall , and within each zone the plants all possessed similar adaptations to the conditions .
the zones of vegetation around the earth were determined by temperature and rainfall , and within each [area] the plants all possessed similar adaptations to the conditions .

He used tables that allowed the reader to see at a glance what proportion of the population in any zone was made up of grasses or any other major type of plant .
he used tables that allowed the reader to see at a glance what proportion of the population in any [area] was made up of grasses or any other major type of plant .

Thus fire may well spread throughout the height of the rack before sufficient sprinklers have been brought in to ensure the general control of the fire zone .
thus fire may well spread throughout the height of the rack before sufficient sprinklers have been brought in to ensure the general control of the fire [area] .

In order to meet these requirements , it was realised that some form of detector-operated system would be essential , and this led to the development of the zoned system in which open sprinklers were used , mounted vertically one above the other on a drop pipe and fed from a ‘ zone control valve ’ which was opened directly by the response of the detector to the fire .
in order to meet these requirements , it was realised that some form of detector-operated system would be essential , and this led to the development of the zoned system in which open sprinklers were used , mounted vertically one above the other on a drop pipe and fed from a ‘ [area] control valve ’ which was opened directly by the response of the detector to the fire .

The zone control valve was mounted on a horizontal range pipe so that the drop pipe from it passed vertically through three levels , an open-sprinkler being mounted at the head of each level .
the [area] control valve was mounted on a horizontal range pipe so that the drop pipe from it passed vertically through three levels , an open-sprinkler being mounted at the head of each level .

Each ‘ zone ’ of three sprinklers was protected on each side by adjacent zones , each zone having its own linear detector which was attached to the racking members throughout the zone .
each ‘ [area] ’ of three sprinklers was protected on each side by adjacent zones , each [area] having its own linear detector which was attached to the racking members throughout the [area] .

Verity is finally a Rod-free zone .
verity is finally a rod-free [area] .

Somerset then cleared a buffer zone east of the Fish river ; but a later decision to allow a military settlement there ensured further conflict .
somerset then cleared a buffer [area] east of the fish river ; but a later decision to allow a military settlement there ensured further conflict .

He was a Rear-Admiral , and as Commander-in-Chief of the Third Naval Zone , he was the most important man in Punta Arenas .
he was a rear-admiral , and as commander-in-chief of the third naval [area] , he was the most important man in punta arenas .

Each zone was characterized by particular landscape-forming processes and by relief features and so could also be the basis for understanding past landscape development .
each [area] was characterized by particular landscape-forming processes and by relief features and so could also be the basis for understanding past landscape development .

Thus the extra-tropical zone of former pronounced valley formation was dominated by relict landscape features both glacial and periglacial .
thus the extra-tropical [area] of former pronounced valley formation was dominated by relict landscape features both glacial and periglacial .

The Soviet Military Encyclopedia in 1978 defined a neutral or neutralised zone as a defined geographical region in which by international agreement ( or the unilateral decision of a state to which this region belongs ) ‘ the preparation of military operations ’ is prohibited , and which ‘ can not be used as a theatre of military operations or a base for the conduct of war ’ .
the soviet military encyclopedia in 1978 defined a neutral or neutralised [area] as a defined geographical region in which by international agreement ( or the unilateral decision of a state to which this region belongs ) ‘ the preparation of military operations ’ is prohibited , and which ‘ can not be used as a theatre of military operations or a base for the conduct of war ’ .

This source observes that although demilitarisation generally extends over a limited zone with the goal of separating potentially hostile parties it may also cover regions and even continents , such as the Åland and Spitzbergen archipelagos and Antarctica .
this source observes that although demilitarisation generally extends over a limited [area] with the goal of separating potentially hostile parties it may also cover regions and even continents , such as the åland and spitzbergen archipelagos and antarctica .

At the Belgrade Non-Aligned Summit in 1961 the Cambodian leader Prince Sihanouk proposed the creation of a ‘ neutralised or buffer zone ’ in the areas ‘ most directly exposed to the confrontation of the two blocs ’ , which would require ‘ persuading the two blocs to admit the usefulness of a chain of countries , whose neutrality they would solemnly recognise and guarantee , in order to eliminate the risk of conflict ’ .
at the belgrade non-aligned summit in 1961 the cambodian leader prince sihanouk proposed the creation of a ‘ neutralised or buffer [area] ’ in the areas ‘ most directly exposed to the confrontation of the two blocs ’ , which would require ‘ persuading the two blocs to admit the usefulness of a chain of countries , whose neutrality they would solemnly recognise and guarantee , in order to eliminate the risk of conflict ’ .

He noted that these talks showed that ‘ the difference in social systems can not be an obstacle in establishing in the region a zone of peace , independence , freedom and neutrality , a zone of stability and prosperity ’ .
he noted that these talks showed that ‘ the difference in social systems can not be an obstacle in establishing in the region a [area] of peace , independence , freedom and neutrality , a [area] of stability and prosperity ’ .

Two further developments had favoured the Zone of Neutrality scheme .
two further developments had favoured the [area] of neutrality scheme .

This copied Soviet descriptions of Vietnam 's Zone proposal in 1978 , but in 1980 the proposal was specifically concerned with the crisis in Indo-China .
this copied soviet descriptions of vietnam 's [area] proposal in 1978 , but in 1980 the proposal was specifically concerned with the crisis in indo-china .

In 1981 the three Indo-Chinese regimes presented a joint initiative aimed at normalising conditions in Southeast Asia and creating a zone of peace , stability and good neighbourliness .
in 1981 the three indo-chinese regimes presented a joint initiative aimed at normalising conditions in southeast asia and creating a [area] of peace , stability and good neighbourliness .

The establishment of a ‘ zone of peace and stability ’ in Southeast Asia was promoted in the 1980s as a means towards this end , as a diplomatic device to legitimise these regimes .
the establishment of a ‘ [area] of peace and stability ’ in southeast asia was promoted in the 1980s as a means towards this end , as a diplomatic device to legitimise these regimes .

The current Soviet aversion to the ‘ neutrality ’ component of the formula for a zone of peace in Southeast Asia follows the development of Vietnamese opposition to this aspect of the Zone scheme .
the current soviet aversion to the ‘ neutrality ’ component of the formula for a [area] of peace in southeast asia follows the development of vietnamese opposition to this aspect of the [area] scheme .

Since the beginning of the 1980s Vietnam has considered that its future policy in relation to the Zone idea would merely be a continuation of its course as a ‘ non-aligned ’ state .
since the beginning of the 1980s vietnam has considered that its future policy in relation to the [area] idea would merely be a continuation of its course as a ‘ non-aligned ’ state .

In the short term Soviet spokesmen need not feel that general support for the Zone idea will harm Soviet Vietnamese relations or act to isolate Vietnam .
in the short term soviet spokesmen need not feel that general support for the [area] idea will harm soviet vietnamese relations or act to isolate vietnam .

One possibility lies in the proposal for a nuclear-free zone in Southeast Asia , which has been promoted in particular by Indonesia and Malaysia .
one possibility lies in the proposal for a nuclear-free [area] in southeast asia , which has been promoted in particular by indonesia and malaysia .

The Persian Gulf proposals were an outgrowth of the sponsorship of a zone of peace in the Indian Ocean by the Non-Aligned , while the Mediterranean proposals were similar to ideas developed by the Mediterranean non-aligned states .
the persian gulf proposals were an outgrowth of the sponsorship of a [area] of peace in the indian ocean by the non-aligned , while the mediterranean proposals were similar to ideas developed by the mediterranean non-aligned states .

This venue enabled Brezhnev more effectively to link his proposals on resolving tensions in the Gulf and containing the Gulf War with the Indian interest in the Indian Ocean zone of peace idea .
this venue enabled brezhnev more effectively to link his proposals on resolving tensions in the gulf and containing the gulf war with the indian interest in the indian ocean [area] of peace idea .

Soviet officials hoped to tap the broad Third World commitment to the Indian Ocean zone of peace scheme .
soviet officials hoped to tap the broad third world commitment to the indian ocean [area] of peace scheme .

Brezhnev 's proposals for the Gulf were characterised as an ‘ extension of the conditions which the Soviet Union set earlier on the normalisation of conditions in the basin of the Indian Ocean , on transforming it into a zone of peace ’ .
brezhnev 's proposals for the gulf were characterised as an ‘ extension of the conditions which the soviet union set earlier on the normalisation of conditions in the basin of the indian ocean , on transforming it into a [area] of peace ’ .

Directly after Brezhnev outlined this proposal in Delhi he reiterated the Soviet readiness ‘ to work actively with other interested states ’ to transform the Indian Ocean into a zone of peace .
directly after brezhnev outlined this proposal in delhi he reiterated the soviet readiness ‘ to work actively with other interested states ’ to transform the indian ocean into a [area] of peace .

Soviet leaders anticipated that the Brezhnev plan could stimulate interest among certain key Red Sea states for their own ‘ zone of peace ’ aimed at excluding the Western military presence .
soviet leaders anticipated that the brezhnev plan could stimulate interest among certain key red sea states for their own ‘ [area] of peace ’ aimed at excluding the western military presence .

However , since Brezhnev 's proposals for the Gulf were linked to the broader issue of the Indian Ocean ‘ zone of peace ’ Soviet officials still made an effort to gain support for them from the Indian Ocean Third World states and the non-aligned nations in general .
however , since brezhnev 's proposals for the gulf were linked to the broader issue of the indian ocean ‘ [area] of peace ’ soviet officials still made an effort to gain support for them from the indian ocean third world states and the non-aligned nations in general .

However , since the 1976 Colombo Conference the non-aligned states issued numerous appeals to transform the region into a zone of peace and cooperation .
however , since the 1976 colombo conference the non-aligned states issued numerous appeals to transform the region into a [area] of peace and cooperation .

This tended to complicate the negotiations on the demilitarisation of the region and any development of the Indian Ocean zone of peace proposal .
this tended to complicate the negotiations on the demilitarisation of the region and any development of the indian ocean [area] of peace proposal .

In the Soviet view foreign bases in the Indian Ocean should be dismantled as the first step towards the establishment of a zone of peace in the region .
in the soviet view foreign bases in the indian ocean should be dismantled as the first step towards the establishment of a [area] of peace in the region .

In recent years it has been generally held that the backwash down the beach contributes to the breaking of the next wave , becomes involved in it and is returned with the swash , so that there is no continuous undertow transferring water out beyond the breaker zone .
in recent years it has been generally held that the backwash down the beach contributes to the breaking of the next wave , becomes involved in it and is returned with the swash , so that there is no continuous undertow transferring water out beyond the breaker [area] .

Where there is no tidal range wave attack is concentrated at the same level of the coast for twenty-four hours a day , but where the tidal range is great it may be spread over a vast foreshore zone and may only attack the foot of the cliffs for a very short period at each high tide .
where there is no tidal range wave attack is concentrated at the same level of the coast for twenty-four hours a day , but where the tidal range is great it may be spread over a vast foreshore [area] and may only attack the foot of the cliffs for a very short period at each high tide .

Faults may be enlarged by the sea into caves or even into tunnels through narrow promontories : spectacular examples of the latter are to be observed at Tintagel , north Cornwall , where a fault zone is followed by two through tunnels ( Wilson , 1952 ) ( Fig .
faults may be enlarged by the sea into caves or even into tunnels through narrow promontories : spectacular examples of the latter are to be observed at tintagel , north cornwall , where a fault [area] is followed by two through tunnels ( wilson , 1952 ) ( fig .

Obviously , such a current can not affect the transport of material in the swash zone , but it may greatly help transport by saltation and suspension in the breaker zone .
obviously , such a current can not affect the transport of material in the swash [area] , but it may greatly help transport by saltation and suspension in the breaker [area] .

The maximum transport occurs in the breaker zone , where wave action is strong and continuous and where the lifting of particles by waves allows the current to operate to fullest effect .
the maximum transport occurs in the breaker [area] , where wave action is strong and continuous and where the lifting of particles by waves allows the current to operate to fullest effect .

The overall volume of transport decreases both up and down the beach from this zone .
the overall volume of transport decreases both up and down the beach from this [area] .

It can readily be appreciated that with the rise and fall of the tide the break point migrates over a wide zone of the beach so that the formation of a break point bar is not to be expected .
it can readily be appreciated that with the rise and fall of the tide the break point migrates over a wide [area] of the beach so that the formation of a break point bar is not to be expected .

Although creeks are thought to be largely areas of non-deposition rather than areas of erosion , the scour of the tide along them may cause some lateral erosion and water draining at times of very high tides from areas behind the zone of creeks may plunge into the heads of the creeks and so cause a certain amount of headward erosion .
although creeks are thought to be largely areas of non-deposition rather than areas of erosion , the scour of the tide along them may cause some lateral erosion and water draining at times of very high tides from areas behind the [area] of creeks may plunge into the heads of the creeks and so cause a certain amount of headward erosion .

It extends in places up to a metre or so above the level of the reef flat due to the fact that Porolithon can survive in the splash and spray zone and does not need long periods of immersion .
it extends in places up to a metre or so above the level of the reef flat due to the fact that porolithon can survive in the splash and spray [area] and does not need long periods of immersion .

( c ) The Atlantic period ( Zone VIIa ) .
( c ) the atlantic period ( [area] viia ) .

( d ) The sub-Boreal period ( Zone VIIb ) .
( d ) the sub-boreal period ( [area] viib ) .

Hence , it was natural to become preoccupied with climate and to try to set up a geomorphological scheme in which climate dominated erosion and erosion dominated structure and lithology , so that every climatic zone had its characteristic landforms .
hence , it was natural to become preoccupied with climate and to try to set up a geomorphological scheme in which climate dominated erosion and erosion dominated structure and lithology , so that every climatic [area] had its characteristic landforms .

As silica is only mobilised in strongly alkaline environments and as gypsum and other soluble salts occur in the underlying zone of weathering , it is suggested that they may have been formed in an arid environment .
as silica is only mobilised in strongly alkaline environments and as gypsum and other soluble salts occur in the underlying [area] of weathering , it is suggested that they may have been formed in an arid environment .

Others omit the relative minor zone , moving first towards sharper keys , then towards the subdominant .
others omit the relative minor [area] , moving first towards sharper keys , then towards the subdominant .

But singers with this ability ( and who also have absolute pitch ) are not very common , and if we want to have our music sung by the majority of singers , it is best to write within the normal limits : Many singers can exceed these limits , but we must remember that , apart from the fact that most people these days have middle-range voices , everyone has a limited zone in which the voice is at its best .
but singers with this ability ( and who also have absolute pitch ) are not very common , and if we want to have our music sung by the majority of singers , it is best to write within the normal limits : many singers can exceed these limits , but we must remember that , apart from the fact that most people these days have middle-range voices , everyone has a limited [area] in which the voice is at its best .

This zone is usually in the upper-middle part of the voice , where the singer has power but does not tire so easily .
this [area] is usually in the upper-middle part of the voice , where the singer has power but does not tire so easily .

Below this zone there is a fall-off in power and tone quality ( especially with sopranos and tenors ) .
below this [area] there is a fall-off in power and tone quality ( especially with sopranos and tenors ) .

Therefore , though musically it is excellent for the voice to exploit its complete range , from a practical viewpoint we should use the ‘ comfortable ’ zone more than any other , and venture into extreme ranges only rarely , and then only when it is very much to the point .
therefore , though musically it is excellent for the voice to exploit its complete range , from a practical viewpoint we should use the ‘ comfortable ’ [area] more than any other , and venture into extreme ranges only rarely , and then only when it is very much to the point .

‘ This Order establishes , under section 21 of the Oil and Gas ( Enterprise ) Act 1982 , a safety zone , having a radius of 500 metres from a specified point , around the installation specified in the Schedule to this Order and maintained in waters to which the section applies … Vessels ( which for this purpose include hovercraft , submersible apparatus and installations in transit ) are prohibited from entering or remaining in the safety zone except with the consent of the Secretary of State or in the circumstances mentioned in Article 2(2) of the Order . ’
‘ this order establishes , under section 21 of the oil and gas ( enterprise ) act 1982 , a safety [area] , having a radius of 500 metres from a specified point , around the installation specified in the schedule to this order and maintained in waters to which the section applies … vessels ( which for this purpose include hovercraft , submersible apparatus and installations in transit ) are prohibited from entering or remaining in the safety [area] except with the consent of the secretary of state or in the circumstances mentioned in article 2(2) of the order . ’

Call it a safety zone , she thought .
call it a safety [area] , she thought .

Bawsinch Nature Reserve was bought in 1971 for £1,000 by the Scottish Wildlife Trust to provide a buffer zone for Duddingston Bird Sanctuary and provide additional habitats .
bawsinch nature reserve was bought in 1971 for £1,000 by the scottish wildlife trust to provide a buffer [area] for duddingston bird sanctuary and provide additional habitats .

Only strike out if the attacker enters your personal safety zone .
only strike out if the attacker enters your personal safety [area] .

For example , over 80 % admit to having driven at 40mph in a 30mph zone with about 30 % admitting that they do so at least ‘ quite often ’ .
for example , over 80 % admit to having driven at 40mph in a 30mph [area] with about 30 % admitting that they do so at least ‘ quite often ’ .

The House of Commons Environment Select Committee report on Coastal Zone Planning and Management ( 28.4.92 ) recommends the creation of a specialist marine unit in the Department of the Environment .
the house of commons environment select committee report on coastal [area] planning and management ( 28.4.92 ) recommends the creation of a specialist marine unit in the department of the environment .

There is an opportunity here to explain why the coastal zone is so special .
there is an opportunity here to explain why the coastal [area] is so special .

The Braer was outside a ten mile exclusion zone when its engines failed .
the braer was outside a ten mile exclusion [area] when its engines failed .

In the first test zone , the well produced oil at a rate of 1,972 barrels of oil per day and 3.7 million cubic feet of gas .
in the first test [area] , the well produced oil at a rate of 1,972 barrels of oil per day and 3.7 million cubic feet of gas .

In the second test zone , oil and gas flowed at daily rates of 1,750 barrels and 13.6 million cubic feet respectively .
in the second test [area] , oil and gas flowed at daily rates of 1,750 barrels and 13.6 million cubic feet respectively .

Kazakhstan explosion results in " ecological disaster zone "
kazakhstan explosion results in " ecological disaster [area] "

The policy was adopted by the Mexican government in part with a view to forming a well-populated `` buffer zone `` on the border with Guatemala , where the forest is situated .
the policy was adopted by the mexican government in part with a view to forming a well-populated `` buffer [area] `` on the border with guatemala , where the forest is situated .

From the active research fields and interests of members of the academic staff , listed below , it may be seen that social , historical , urban , political , economic , quantitative and applied aspects reflect current emphases in Human Geography , whilst in Physical Geography studies of Karst , Quaternary environments , sedimentology , hydrology and palaeolimnology and the arid zone are among principal fields of research .
from the active research fields and interests of members of the academic staff , listed below , it may be seen that social , historical , urban , political , economic , quantitative and applied aspects reflect current emphases in human geography , whilst in physical geography studies of karst , quaternary environments , sedimentology , hydrology and palaeolimnology and the arid [area] are among principal fields of research .

These did not , however , include the 100,000 residents evacuated from the 30 kilometre zone around the reactor soon after the accident .
these did not , however , include the 100,000 residents evacuated from the 30 kilometre [area] around the reactor soon after the accident .

It divides the area into inner and outer zones , with the central core of 6,000 sq km to be left undisturbed as an ecological park , and the second inner zone scheduled for logging and replanting .
it divides the area into inner and outer zones , with the central core of 6,000 sq km to be left undisturbed as an ecological park , and the second inner [area] scheduled for logging and replanting .

By default , numeric quantities are printed right justified in the print zone and strings are printed just as they are ( with no leading spaces ) .
by default , numeric quantities are printed right justified in the print [area] and strings are printed just as they are ( with no leading spaces ) .

In the examples the zone width is indicated as z10 , z4etc .
in the examples the [area] width is indicated as z10 , z4etc .

The results obtained by running the following example program show the effect of changing the zone width .
the results obtained by running the following example program show the effect of changing the [area] width .

The results for zone widths of 5 and 10 ( & oa ) illustrate what happens when the zone width is too small for the number to be printed properly .
the results for [area] widths of 5 and 10 ( & oa ) illustrate what happens when the [area] width is too small for the number to be printed properly .

Their main role is search and rescue , but economic zone surveillance is also undertaken .
their main role is search and rescue , but economic [area] surveillance is also undertaken .

He indicates the quieter road to our left , leading back along the top of the Enterprise Zone .
he indicates the quieter road to our left , leading back along the top of the enterprise [area] .

news on ronny johnsen is that he probably will not be offered a contract with spurs — he was tried out as a central marking defender ( the style most teams play — each central defender marks one attacker ) and as such he was no succes — norway play what we call a zone defence ; ‘ marking ’ their zones instead of players — journalists from Holland were laughing as Norway 's coach Drillo Olsen was asked ‘ who is to mark van Basten ? ’ before our home game against Holland and he answered ‘ No one is ’ — they did not laugh afterwards ( we won 2–1 ) .
news on ronny johnsen is that he probably will not be offered a contract with spurs — he was tried out as a central marking defender ( the style most teams play — each central defender marks one attacker ) and as such he was no succes — norway play what we call a [area] defence ; ‘ marking ’ their zones instead of players — journalists from holland were laughing as norway 's coach drillo olsen was asked ‘ who is to mark van basten ? ’ before our home game against holland and he answered ‘ no one is ’ — they did not laugh afterwards ( we won 2–1 ) .

24.6 ( a ) to the first chaotic zone ( d ) are an example of a widely discussed route , the period-doubling sequence .
24.6 ( a ) to the first chaotic [area] ( d ) are an example of a widely discussed route , the period-doubling sequence .

We have , however , already noted that there is a difference in subsequent developments within the chaotic zone .
we have , however , already noted that there is a difference in subsequent developments within the chaotic [area] .

In the transition zone the behaviour alternates randomly between the behaviours on either side of it .
in the transition [area] the behaviour alternates randomly between the behaviours on either side of it .

The intermittency factor , defined as the fraction of the time that the fluctuations are chaotic , varies continuously across the transition zone from 0 at the ordered side to 1 at the fully chaotic side .
the intermittency factor , defined as the fraction of the time that the fluctuations are chaotic , varies continuously across the transition [area] from 0 at the ordered side to 1 at the fully chaotic side .

Now , on any given occasion ( decreasing or increasing the voltage ) , the switch between ordered and chaotic behaviour takes place catastrophically , without an intervening zone of intermittency .
now , on any given occasion ( decreasing or increasing the voltage ) , the switch between ordered and chaotic behaviour takes place catastrophically , without an intervening [area] of intermittency .

However , because of the hysteresis , there is still an intermediate zone — one in which either behaviour may occur permanently .
however , because of the hysteresis , there is still an intermediate [area] — one in which either behaviour may occur permanently .

Firstly , we noted in Section 24.2 that solutions of the Lorenz equations may change from chaotic to periodic as r is increased ; also the experiment described in Section 24.4 showed a chaotic zone with ordered ones on either side of it .
firstly , we noted in section 24.2 that solutions of the lorenz equations may change from chaotic to periodic as r is increased ; also the experiment described in section 24.4 showed a chaotic [area] with ordered ones on either side of it .

Where , then , did and do the remainder , the ‘ others ’ fit : — ‘ on the edge ’ ; in some buffer zone between categories ; or in a hybrid form , grappling both to make a space and to find a name : Fibre Art — Who Are you ?
where , then , did and do the remainder , the ‘ others ’ fit : — ‘ on the edge ’ ; in some buffer [area] between categories ; or in a hybrid form , grappling both to make a space and to find a name : fibre art — who are you ?

In the north temperate zone , the latitudinal range of fruiting season seems to be associated with the arrival of the southward-shifting , migratory , frugivorous birds such as thrushes .
in the north temperate [area] , the latitudinal range of fruiting season seems to be associated with the arrival of the southward-shifting , migratory , frugivorous birds such as thrushes .

The internal classification of the genus is founded on the arrangements of the nowers : heads of only fertile flowers for one entomophilous section ; similar but with a distal zone of nectariferous ones in another ; the distal ones are fertile and separated from the proximal staminodal ones by a zone of nectariferous ones in a third .
the internal classification of the genus is founded on the arrangements of the nowers : heads of only fertile flowers for one entomophilous section ; similar but with a distal [area] of nectariferous ones in another ; the distal ones are fertile and separated from the proximal staminodal ones by a [area] of nectariferous ones in a third .

It is successful where temperate zone type methods are not , and is generally held to be the most efficient in terms of soil recovery .
it is successful where temperate [area] type methods are not , and is generally held to be the most efficient in terms of soil recovery .

‘ You certainly have mastered your anatomy , ’ she told him admiringly as he slid his hands across the small of her back to find that ecstatic erogenous zone that never failed to set her on fire .
‘ you certainly have mastered your anatomy , ’ she told him admiringly as he slid his hands across the small of her back to find that ecstatic erogenous [area] that never failed to set her on fire .

Parking in a restricted zone , she had rushed into the concourse .
parking in a restricted [area] , she had rushed into the concourse .

This layer of attenuated velocity is known as the low velocity zone and the reduction in seismic wave velocities is considered to be due to partial melting in this region of the mantle .
this layer of attenuated velocity is known as the low velocity [area] and the reduction in seismic wave velocities is considered to be due to partial melting in this region of the mantle .

Such a zone extends more or less continuously around the western , northern and eastern margins of the Pacific Ocean .
such a [area] extends more or less continuously around the western , northern and eastern margins of the pacific ocean .

The most notable feature of this seismic zone is the relationship between the depths of earthquake generation and their location with respect to the adjacent island arc or mountain belt ( Fig .
the most notable feature of this seismic [area] is the relationship between the depths of earthquake generation and their location with respect to the adjacent island arc or mountain belt ( fig .

This relationship gives rise to a dipping planar region of seismic activity , known as a Wadati-Benioff zone , inclined at an angle of between about 20 and 55 .
this relationship gives rise to a dipping planar region of seismic activity , known as a wadati-benioff [area] , inclined at an angle of between about 20 and 55 .

Palaeomagnetic studies on the continents had indicated that continental drift had , in fact , occurred , while more detailed information on the Earth 's crustal and sub-crustal structure had led many to accept the existence of a relatively mobile zone within the mantle ( the asthenosphere ) .
palaeomagnetic studies on the continents had indicated that continental drift had , in fact , occurred , while more detailed information on the earth 's crustal and sub-crustal structure had led many to accept the existence of a relatively mobile [area] within the mantle ( the asthenosphere ) .

On the basis of the much more complete seismic data available by the late 196 ( ) s it was being suggested that the inclined zone of seismicity ( the Wadati-Benioff zone ) associated with island arcs and active continental margin mountain belts could be explained by the existence of a slab of lithosphere plunging down into the mantle .
on the basis of the much more complete seismic data available by the late 196 ( ) s it was being suggested that the inclined [area] of seismicity ( the wadati-benioff [area] ) associated with island arcs and active continental margin mountain belts could be explained by the existence of a slab of lithosphere plunging down into the mantle .

Analysis of motions associated with earthquakes generated in the Wadati-Benioff zone suggested that lithosphere was indeed moving downwards into the mantle along what became termed subduction zones .
analysis of motions associated with earthquakes generated in the wadati-benioff [area] suggested that lithosphere was indeed moving downwards into the mantle along what became termed subduction zones .

The narrow zone marking the relative movement between two plates , which in most cases is fairly clearly demarcated by seismic activity , is termed a plate boundary , with the peripheral region adjacent to this boundary being referred to as a plate margin .
the narrow [area] marking the relative movement between two plates , which in most cases is fairly clearly demarcated by seismic activity , is termed a plate boundary , with the peripheral region adjacent to this boundary being referred to as a plate margin .

At a convergent boundary , such as the western coast of South America , two plates are in motion towards each other , with one plate slipping down below the other along a subduction zone .
at a convergent boundary , such as the western coast of south america , two plates are in motion towards each other , with one plate slipping down below the other along a subduction [area] .

The surface area of a plate is reduced at a subduction zone whereas it is increased along a spreading ridge .
the surface area of a plate is reduced at a subduction [area] whereas it is increased along a spreading ridge .

Along zones of plate convergence , especially where these occur along the margins — of continents ( such as along the west coast of South America ) , buckling of the oceanic lithosphere causes it to founder and sink into the underlying asthenosphere , thereby forming a subduction zone .
along zones of plate convergence , especially where these occur along the margins — of continents ( such as along the west coast of south america ) , buckling of the oceanic lithosphere causes it to founder and sink into the underlying asthenosphere , thereby forming a subduction [area] .

Convergent boundaries between oceanic lithosphere are marked by an oceanic trench , a volcanic island arc and a Wadati-Benioff zone .
convergent boundaries between oceanic lithosphere are marked by an oceanic trench , a volcanic island arc and a wadati-benioff [area] .

Subduction of oceanic lithosphere beneath continental lithosphere is also associated with a trench and an inclined zone of seismicity , but in this case volcanic activity occurs within the active mountain belt located on the continental lithosphere fringing the trench .
subduction of oceanic lithosphere beneath continental lithosphere is also associated with a trench and an inclined [area] of seismicity , but in this case volcanic activity occurs within the active mountain belt located on the continental lithosphere fringing the trench .

Consequently a cold , dense lithospheric slab descending up to 700 km into the mantle at a subduction zone will tend to pull the remainder of the plate with it ( Fig .
consequently a cold , dense lithospheric slab descending up to 700 km into the mantle at a subduction [area] will tend to pull the remainder of the plate with it ( fig .

The subduction of oceanic lithosphere is a steady-state process in that it can continue until a continent or island arc arrives at the subduction zone .
the subduction of oceanic lithosphere is a steady-state process in that it can continue until a continent or island arc arrives at the subduction [area] .

The collision of two continents leads to the eventual cessation of subduction , whereas other types of collision may cause a change in the location of the subduction zone .
the collision of two continents leads to the eventual cessation of subduction , whereas other types of collision may cause a change in the location of the subduction [area] .

Where a continent moves towards a subduction zone associated with an intra-oceanic island arc the consequences are rather different because of the resistance of continental crust to significant subduction .
where a continent moves towards a subduction [area] associated with an intra-oceanic island arc the consequences are rather different because of the resistance of continental crust to significant subduction .

At a subduction zone the downgoing oceanic lithosphere finds its topographic expression in the trench formed on the frontal side of the island arc ( Fig .
at a subduction [area] the downgoing oceanic lithosphere finds its topographic expression in the trench formed on the frontal side of the island arc ( fig .

The most common form of volcanic activity in this zone is the eruption of andesitic lavas , although there is a broad compositional range from basalt to rhyolite .
the most common form of volcanic activity in this [area] is the eruption of andesitic lavas , although there is a broad compositional range from basalt to rhyolite .

The volcanoes tend to be located between 80 and 150 km vertically above the Wadati-Benioff zone marking the position of the downgoing lithosphere .
the volcanoes tend to be located between 80 and 150 km vertically above the wadati-benioff [area] marking the position of the downgoing lithosphere .

At any one time , however , volcanic activity is generally confined to a zone no more than 50 km across .
at any one time , however , volcanic activity is generally confined to a [area] no more than 50 km across .

Beginning in the forearc zone and moving towards the volcanic arc the first feature encountered is the trench which rises to the outer-arc ridge .
beginning in the forearc [area] and moving towards the volcanic arc the first feature encountered is the trench which rises to the outer-arc ridge .

This is located over the subduction zone and consists largely of thrust sheets of sediment and slivers of oceanic crust , known as ophiolite , emplaced by the subducted plate .
this is located over the subduction [area] and consists largely of thrust sheets of sediment and slivers of oceanic crust , known as ophiolite , emplaced by the subducted plate .

The volcanic-arc zone itself may consist of two elements : the active volcanic arc and an inactive frontal arc located on its forearc side and composed of older volcanic rocks .
the volcanic-arc [area] itself may consist of two elements : the active volcanic arc and an inactive frontal arc located on its forearc side and composed of older volcanic rocks .

Crustal thickening , due in large measure to the vast volume of granite emplaced above the subduction zone , is considerable in some continental-margin orogens .
crustal thickening , due in large measure to the vast volume of granite emplaced above the subduction [area] , is considerable in some continental-margin orogens .

In the Western Cordillera evidence of tensional deformation indicates that crustal stretching has been associated with the emplacement of magma and volcanic activity related to subduction zone melting .
in the western cordillera evidence of tensional deformation indicates that crustal stretching has been associated with the emplacement of magma and volcanic activity related to subduction [area] melting .

Across the Sunda Arc there is a distinct sequence of oceanic trench , outer-arc ridge , forearc basin , volcanic-arc and back-arc zone ( Fig .
across the sunda arc there is a distinct sequence of oceanic trench , outer-arc ridge , forearc basin , volcanic-arc and back-arc [area] ( fig .

The volcanic arc is located about 125km above the Wadati-Benioff zone representing the seismic activity along the downgoing Indian Plate .
the volcanic arc is located about 125km above the wadati-benioff [area] representing the seismic activity along the downgoing indian plate .

Beneath Sumatra the subduction zone does not exceed a depth of 200 km , but north of Java it reaches 400 km and north of Flores , at the extreme eastern end of the zone of steady-state subduction , it attains a depth of 700 km .
beneath sumatra the subduction [area] does not exceed a depth of 200 km , but north of java it reaches 400 km and north of flores , at the extreme eastern end of the [area] of steady-state subduction , it attains a depth of 700 km .

The height of the ridge is apparently related to the amount of sediment being moved into the adjacent subduction zone where lithosphere is being subducted at a rate of about 65 mm a- 1 .
the height of the ridge is apparently related to the amount of sediment being moved into the adjacent subduction [area] where lithosphere is being subducted at a rate of about 65 mm a- 1 .

The previously existing subduction zone is converted into a suture zone marking where the two continents are welded together .
the previously existing subduction [area] is converted into a suture [area] marking where the two continents are welded together .

The initial impact occurs between the outer-arc ridge of the overriding continental margin and promontories on the leading edge of the continent entering the subduction zone .
the initial impact occurs between the outer-arc ridge of the overriding continental margin and promontories on the leading edge of the continent entering the subduction [area] .

Wedges of oceanic crust are thrust up on to the overlying sediments of the subduction zone and uplift ensues ( Fig .
wedges of oceanic crust are thrust up on to the overlying sediments of the subduction [area] and uplift ensues ( fig .

The thrust plane itself represents a zone of detachment ( or decollement ) along a bed of salt or other incompetent lithology .
the thrust plane itself represents a [area] of detachment ( or decollement ) along a bed of salt or other incompetent lithology .

Although it is possible to make some generalizations about the likely sequence of development of an intercontinental collision orogen , the pre-collision history of the active margin of the overriding plate and its subduction zone has an important influence on the subsequent evolution of an orogenic belt .
although it is possible to make some generalizations about the likely sequence of development of an intercontinental collision orogen , the pre-collision history of the active margin of the overriding plate and its subduction [area] has an important influence on the subsequent evolution of an orogenic belt .

It is separated from the Trans-Himalayan zone and the Tibetan Plateau to the north by the structurally controlled valleys of the Indus and the Brahmaputra ( in its upper reaches called the Tsangpo ) and to the south it is bounded by the sediment-filled peripheral foreland basin of the Indo-Gangetic plain .
it is separated from the trans-himalayan [area] and the tibetan plateau to the north by the structurally controlled valleys of the indus and the brahmaputra ( in its upper reaches called the tsangpo ) and to the south it is bounded by the sediment-filled peripheral foreland basin of the indo-gangetic plain .

The two major ranges , the Lesser Himalayas and The Higher Himalayas , both of which exceed 8000 m in height , are bounded by three major linear structures : from south to north these are the Main Boundary Thrust , the Main Central Thrust and the Indus-Tsangpo suture zone .
the two major ranges , the lesser himalayas and the higher himalayas , both of which exceed 8000 m in height , are bounded by three major linear structures : from south to north these are the main boundary thrust , the main central thrust and the indus-tsangpo suture [area] .

Collision along what is now the Indus-Tsangpo suture zone seems to have occurred from about the Late Paleocene until the Early Eocene , or possibly a little later .
collision along what is now the indus-tsangpo suture [area] seems to have occurred from about the late paleocene until the early eocene , or possibly a little later .

The most significant development during this period was the formation of the Central Gneiss Zone , some 10–20km broad and dipping at an angle of 30–40° to the north and bounded to the south by the Main Central Thrust ( Fig .
the most significant development during this period was the formation of the central gneiss [area] , some 10–20km broad and dipping at an angle of 30–40° to the north and bounded to the south by the main central thrust ( fig .

The development of this zone appears to be related to the major underthrusting and associated metamorphism of local rocks that has apparently occurred along the Main Central Thrust some 100–200 km to the south of the Indus-Tsangpo suture zone .
the development of this [area] appears to be related to the major underthrusting and associated metamorphism of local rocks that has apparently occurred along the main central thrust some 100–200 km to the south of the indus-tsangpo suture [area] .

The precise relationship between the Main Central Thrust and the intense metamorphism of the Central Gneiss Zone of the Higher Himalayas remains somewhat uncertain .
the precise relationship between the main central thrust and the intense metamorphism of the central gneiss [area] of the higher himalayas remains somewhat uncertain .

The extent of crustal shortening required implies a vast degree of underthrusting by continental lithosphere , extensive crustal compression , crustal deformation over an extensive area behind the suture zone , or a combination of two or more of these effects .
the extent of crustal shortening required implies a vast degree of underthrusting by continental lithosphere , extensive crustal compression , crustal deformation over an extensive area behind the suture [area] , or a combination of two or more of these effects .

For instance , although the forearc zone is predominantly one of convergence and compression , there are also transform elements , such as north of Sumatra .
for instance , although the forearc [area] is predominantly one of convergence and compression , there are also transform elements , such as north of sumatra .

Overall the fault system has a length of 1200km , but the average breadth of the fault zone is some 500 km and it forms a very diffuse boundary between the Pacific and North American Plates .
overall the fault system has a length of 1200km , but the average breadth of the fault [area] is some 500 km and it forms a very diffuse boundary between the pacific and north american plates .

Many of these plateaus have anomalous crustal thicknesses of between 20 and 40 km and an upper layer 10 to 15 km thick with P-wave velocities in the range 6.0–6.3 km s-h These values are in the range of granitic rocks in the continental crust and so it is inferred that many oceanic plateaus ( such as the Seychelles Bank ) are drowned continental fragments originating from the edges of ancient land masses and destined to be swept towards a subduction zone in the future .
many of these plateaus have anomalous crustal thicknesses of between 20 and 40 km and an upper layer 10 to 15 km thick with p-wave velocities in the range 6.0–6.3 km s-h these values are in the range of granitic rocks in the continental crust and so it is inferred that many oceanic plateaus ( such as the seychelles bank ) are drowned continental fragments originating from the edges of ancient land masses and destined to be swept towards a subduction [area] in the future .

Such rifts are said , therefore , to have a half-graben structure with the main boundary listric fault forming a footwall , and the opposing downwarped crust forming a hanging wall leading down from a roll-over zone ( Fig .
such rifts are said , therefore , to have a half-graben structure with the main boundary listric fault forming a footwall , and the opposing downwarped crust forming a hanging wall leading down from a roll-over [area] ( fig .

The development of this type of rift appears to be related to the crustal extension that occurs , as a result of continental collision , beyond the immediate collision zone itself .
the development of this type of rift appears to be related to the crustal extension that occurs , as a result of continental collision , beyond the immediate collision [area] itself .

Examples of this type are the Rhine Rift in the foreland zone of the Alps , and the Baikal Rift System which lies some 3000 km to the north of the Himalayas ( see Section 3.4.4.2 ) .
examples of this type are the rhine rift in the foreland [area] of the alps , and the baikal rift system which lies some 3000 km to the north of the himalayas ( see section 3.4.4.2 ) .

As is evident from comparing Figures 4.15 and 4.18 , by the mature stage continental margins formed by both active and passive rifting tend to assume a similar mode of evolution , with subsidence , at least in the offshore zone , predominating over uplift as the margin both cools and is loaded by sediment shed from the adjacent land mass .
as is evident from comparing figures 4.15 and 4.18 , by the mature stage continental margins formed by both active and passive rifting tend to assume a similar mode of evolution , with subsidence , at least in the offshore [area] , predominating over uplift as the margin both cools and is loaded by sediment shed from the adjacent land mass .

An upperplate margin is formed by crust lying above the detachment fault while a lower-plate margin is developed on deeper crustal rocks lying below the detachment zone and which may be overlain by faulted fragments of the upper plate .
an upperplate margin is formed by crust lying above the detachment fault while a lower-plate margin is developed on deeper crustal rocks lying below the detachment [area] and which may be overlain by faulted fragments of the upper plate .

Consequently the saturated zone must be constantly flushed by undersaturated water if dissolution is to be an effective mechanism .
consequently the saturated [area] must be constantly flushed by undersaturated water if dissolution is to be an effective mechanism .

Under a seasonally dry climate this leads to the formation of a characteristically red-coloured , iron-rich horizon overlying a bleached pallid zone which has been effectively leached of ferric iron .
under a seasonally dry climate this leads to the formation of a characteristically red-coloured , iron-rich horizon overlying a bleached pallid [area] which has been effectively leached of ferric iron .

Clay minerals such as illite and smectite , which are readily altered in the zone of active leaching towards the top of a profile , may be relatively stable at lower levels where leaching is less intense .
clay minerals such as illite and smectite , which are readily altered in the [area] of active leaching towards the top of a profile , may be relatively stable at lower levels where leaching is less intense .

one in a different time zone ) .
one in a different time [area] ) .

It is possible to find out from the data whether a zone has changed between 1981 and 1991 , but not how .
it is possible to find out from the data whether a [area] has changed between 1981 and 1991 , but not how .

Geographically the North American prairies , the South American pampas , the steppes of south Russia or of Hungary were quite comparable : great plains in the more or less temperate zone , suited to the large-scale cultivation of cereals .
geographically the north american prairies , the south american pampas , the steppes of south russia or of hungary were quite comparable : great plains in the more or less temperate [area] , suited to the large-scale cultivation of cereals .

She and critics outside the government say the reactor is fundamentally unsafe because it is built in an earthquake zone and lacks modern safety systems .
she and critics outside the government say the reactor is fundamentally unsafe because it is built in an earthquake [area] and lacks modern safety systems .

Greenpeace welcomed the voluntary agreement `` provided that it is the first step towards an enforceable tanker exclusion zone `` .
greenpeace welcomed the voluntary agreement `` provided that it is the first step towards an enforceable tanker exclusion [area] `` .

The first conference to discuss the destruction of Boreal ( temperate zone ) forests , held in Sweden , agreed to a statement condemning the consumer countries of Europe and North America for driving the devastation .
the first conference to discuss the destruction of boreal ( temperate [area] ) forests , held in sweden , agreed to a statement condemning the consumer countries of europe and north america for driving the devastation .

The Dutch cabinet has agreed a plan to declare the country 's North Sea territorial waters a protected environmental zone .
the dutch cabinet has agreed a plan to declare the country 's north sea territorial waters a protected environmental [area] .

Four activists chained themselves to an oil drilling rig being towed to the Barents Sea in early August , and several days later others steered a boat into the 500-metre safety zone around the rig .
four activists chained themselves to an oil drilling rig being towed to the barents sea in early august , and several days later others steered a boat into the 500-metre safety [area] around the rig .

Most of the waste is believed to come from fishing fleets in the Southern Ocean , in waters outside the Antarctic Treaty zone .
most of the waste is believed to come from fishing fleets in the southern ocean , in waters outside the antarctic treaty [area] .

The plant is situated on the Kola Peninsula — formerly a military zone .
the plant is situated on the kola peninsula — formerly a military [area] .

Discussion of the plant 's problems was impossible whilst the area was a military zone .
discussion of the plant 's problems was impossible whilst the area was a military [area] .

Since the collapse of communist rule in 1989 some improvements to the cityscape have been made , but the damage to buildings is so serious that the government has declared the city a disaster zone .
since the collapse of communist rule in 1989 some improvements to the cityscape have been made , but the damage to buildings is so serious that the government has declared the city a disaster [area] .

Each park will be bordered by a buffer zone where environmentally friendly farming will be encouraged .
each park will be bordered by a buffer [area] where environmentally friendly farming will be encouraged .

Armenia to reopen reactor in earthquake zone
armenia to reopen reactor in earthquake [area]

In this critical zone , any improvement in the body surface 's ability to catch the air and break the fall , however slight that improvement , can make the difference between life and death .
in this critical [area] , any improvement in the body surface 's ability to catch the air and break the fall , however slight that improvement , can make the difference between life and death .

Greenpeace began with a protest voyage into a nuclear test zone .
greenpeace began with a protest voyage into a nuclear test [area] .

Wildlife in the war zone
wildlife in the war [area]

Some marine algae , no doubt , managed to live on the edges of the seas , rimming the beaches and boulders with green , but they could not have spread far beyond the splash zone , for they would have dried out and died .
some marine algae , no doubt , managed to live on the edges of the seas , rimming the beaches and boulders with green , but they could not have spread far beyond the splash [area] , for they would have dried out and died .

Examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition application in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the requesting State and the State of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another State 's exclusive economic zone are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing zones ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the Refugee Treaty .
examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition application in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the requesting state and the state of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another state 's exclusive economic [area] are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing zones ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the refugee treaty .

The Court found on the facts that it did not need to pronounce upon whether the provisions relating to the Gex Zone created a stipulation in favour of a third party , but warned that the existence of such rights should not be lightly assumed : each such claim must be separately examined to determine ‘ whether the States which have stipulated in favour of a third State meant to create for that State an actual right which the latter has accepted as such ’ .
the court found on the facts that it did not need to pronounce upon whether the provisions relating to the gex [area] created a stipulation in favour of a third party , but warned that the existence of such rights should not be lightly assumed : each such claim must be separately examined to determine ‘ whether the states which have stipulated in favour of a third state meant to create for that state an actual right which the latter has accepted as such ’ .

An example is the use of Protocols by the South Pacific Forum States in the South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone Treaty , and the Driftnet Fishing Convention .
an example is the use of protocols by the south pacific forum states in the south pacific nuclear free [area] treaty , and the driftnet fishing convention .

The Nuclear Free Zone Treaty is open only to South Pacific Forum States , but its objectives can not be fully achieved without some commitments from third parties .
the nuclear free [area] treaty is open only to south pacific forum states , but its objectives can not be fully achieved without some commitments from third parties .

The solution has been the opening of three Protocols for ratification by the nuclear States , whereby they make certain commitments with respect to the zone .
the solution has been the opening of three protocols for ratification by the nuclear states , whereby they make certain commitments with respect to the [area] .

When the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics signed Protocols 2 and 3 to the Nuclear Free Zone Treaty , it made interpretive statements of its commitments .
when the union of soviet socialist republics signed protocols 2 and 3 to the nuclear free [area] treaty , it made interpretive statements of its commitments .

The Chinese hinted at this by saying that such a violation might change ‘ the status of the nuclear free zone ’ and thus remove an ‘ essential basis for their consent to be bound ’ .
the chinese hinted at this by saying that such a violation might change ‘ the status of the nuclear free [area] ’ and thus remove an ‘ essential basis for their consent to be bound ’ .

The South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone treaty impliedly modifies the Vienna Convention provisions on treaties and third parties by establishing its own regime , a course that is made necessary by the framing of so many of the provisions of the Vienna Convention in terms applicable only to parties .
the south pacific nuclear free [area] treaty impliedly modifies the vienna convention provisions on treaties and third parties by establishing its own regime , a course that is made necessary by the framing of so many of the provisions of the vienna convention in terms applicable only to parties .

The United States has expressed its concern at New Zealand 's joining the South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone Treaty , although this treaty was carefully drafted to avoid conflict with the Pacific Security Treaty .
the united states has expressed its concern at new zealand 's joining the south pacific nuclear free [area] treaty , although this treaty was carefully drafted to avoid conflict with the pacific security treaty .

However had the United States regarded the joining of a nuclear free zone agreement as incompatible with the Pacific Security Treaty it could have made a claim of material breach and suspended the first agreement with respect to New Zealand .
however had the united states regarded the joining of a nuclear free [area] agreement as incompatible with the pacific security treaty it could have made a claim of material breach and suspended the first agreement with respect to new zealand .

In September 1946 , the Secretary of State , James Byrnes , made a speech expressing America 's determination to rebuilt the economy of the American zone in Germany whether the Russians agreed or not .
in september 1946 , the secretary of state , james byrnes , made a speech expressing america 's determination to rebuilt the economy of the american [area] in germany whether the russians agreed or not .

zzap zone !
zzap [area] !

To get past your enemy you must crouch , jump or climb , depending on which time zone you 're in .
to get past your enemy you must crouch , jump or climb , depending on which time [area] you 're in .

Yer archetypal mad-dictator is threatening the world , so our rock-'ard , square-jawed hero is dropped into the danger zone by chopper ( he fell on his head , so he should be okay ) .
yer archetypal mad-dictator is threatening the world , so our rock-'ard , square-jawed hero is dropped into the danger [area] by chopper ( he fell on his head , so he should be okay ) .

There are other defended sites like Rocester and Littlechester , but they have been excluded since they are in a zone which was under close military control during the greater part of the occupation .
there are other defended sites like rocester and littlechester , but they have been excluded since they are in a [area] which was under close military control during the greater part of the occupation .

One of the most difficult problems yet to be elucidated in the civil zone relates to the conquest period itself .
one of the most difficult problems yet to be elucidated in the civil [area] relates to the conquest period itself .

The civil zone still poses many difficult problems of chronology in the framework of what is known of the historical narrative .
the civil [area] still poses many difficult problems of chronology in the framework of what is known of the historical narrative .

In the no-nonsense art world of Cologne where the word hand-written , printed , or tele-generated prevails , naturalistic painting occupies an ambivalent zone , a hot seat encircled alternately by irony or slightly apologetic nostalgia .
in the no-nonsense art world of cologne where the word hand-written , printed , or tele-generated prevails , naturalistic painting occupies an ambivalent [area] , a hot seat encircled alternately by irony or slightly apologetic nostalgia .

After the elections next spring , Cambodia 's new government should take immediate steps to rein in development in the Angkor zone , and thereby preserve one of the landmarks of Eastern Medieval history .
after the elections next spring , cambodia 's new government should take immediate steps to rein in development in the angkor [area] , and thereby preserve one of the landmarks of eastern medieval history .

The impression of a shifting population given by this redevelopment is intensified by the proximity of the area to a major immigrant settlement zone .
the impression of a shifting population given by this redevelopment is intensified by the proximity of the area to a major immigrant settlement [area] .

John Smith , Minister For Industry , today [ date ] cut through a symbolic piece of red tape at Tadchester New Town to mark the launch of the very first English Development Zone .
john smith , minister for industry , today [ date ] cut through a symbolic piece of red tape at tadchester new town to mark the launch of the very first english development [area] .

The Zone covers 300 acres which , for the next twelve years , will offer unprecedented benefits for industrialists and investors .
the [area] covers 300 acres which , for the next twelve years , will offer unprecedented benefits for industrialists and investors .

The Development Zone scheme was announced by the government in May of this year .
the development [area] scheme was announced by the government in may of this year .

In addition to the benefits conferred by Development Zone status , Tadchester has a good deal to offer the industrialist .
in addition to the benefits conferred by development [area] status , tadchester has a good deal to offer the industrialist .

Who : The Minister for Industry What : Cuts symbolic red tape When : Today Where : Tadchester New Town Why : To launch the first English Development Zone
who : the minister for industry what : cuts symbolic red tape when : today where : tadchester new town why : to launch the first english development [area]

The third and fourth paragraphs expand on the Tadchester Development Zone .
the third and fourth paragraphs expand on the tadchester development [area] .

The fifth paragraph briefly outlines the Development Zone Scheme .
the fifth paragraph briefly outlines the development [area] scheme .

The sixth paragraph returns to the subject of the Tadchester Development Zone and gives more information .
the sixth paragraph returns to the subject of the tadchester development [area] and gives more information .

Background material for the Development Zone release outlined earlier might include the full text of the minister 's speech , the government leaflet setting out details of the Development Zone scheme , a complete list the benefits to be gained by businesses from setting in Tadchester , and a list of addresses of relevant officials within the local council , the New Towns Commission and Tadchester Industrial Development Centre 0 might be able to help industrialists to take the decision to move .
background material for the development [area] release outlined earlier might include the full text of the minister 's speech , the government leaflet setting out details of the development [area] scheme , a complete list the benefits to be gained by businesses from setting in tadchester , and a list of addresses of relevant officials within the local council , the new towns commission and tadchester industrial development centre 0 might be able to help industrialists to take the decision to move .

John Smith , Minister for Industry , today [ date ] cuts the `` last piece of red tape in Tadchester `` to launch the first English Development Zone in that town .
john smith , minister for industry , today [ date ] cuts the `` last piece of red tape in tadchester `` to launch the first english development [area] in that town .

Why — To launch the new English Enterprise Zone .
why — to launch the new english enterprise [area] .

There is also a special Newspaper and Periodical rate for Zone 1 destinations .
there is also a special newspaper and periodical rate for [area] 1 destinations .

Newspapers and Periodicals to Zone 2 go at Printed Paper rates .
newspapers and periodicals to [area] 2 go at printed paper rates .

If it is a destination Outside of Europe then check to see if it is in Zone 1 or 2 .
if it is a destination outside of europe then check to see if it is in [area] 1 or 2 .

For example , when sending a letter to Japan , the Zone is Zone 2 , the weight is 30g and the cost therefore is £0.99 .
for example , when sending a letter to japan , the [area] is [area] 2 , the weight is 30g and the cost therefore is £0.99 .

To work out the price for any service , first find the Price Zone for the destination country in the Country Pricing Zones table .
to work out the price for any service , first find the price [area] for the destination country in the country pricing zones table .

Then refer to the Price Table above for your chosen service and read off the price shown against your Price Zone and parcel weight .
then refer to the price table above for your chosen service and read off the price shown against your price [area] and parcel weight .

In autumn 1940 Japan moved into northern French Indo-China in an attempt to restrict supplies to the Chinese , and as a preliminary to creating a Japanese-controlled zone in Southeast Asia .
in autumn 1940 japan moved into northern french indo-china in an attempt to restrict supplies to the chinese , and as a preliminary to creating a japanese-controlled [area] in southeast asia .

The Act also provides the setting up of duty-free zones and perhaps for our present purpose it is sufficient to say that companies established in a duty-free zone are treated in every way as if they were established outside of the borders of the Hungarian Republic .
the act also provides the setting up of duty-free zones and perhaps for our present purpose it is sufficient to say that companies established in a duty-free [area] are treated in every way as if they were established outside of the borders of the hungarian republic .

Moreover , if capital punishment were abolished in this country , it would be difficult to justify its retention in the Colonies and in the British Zone of Germany .
moreover , if capital punishment were abolished in this country , it would be difficult to justify its retention in the colonies and in the british [area] of germany .

Small wonder that Kenya 's plans to establish an Export processing Zone ( see later section ) have yet to come to fruition , despite recent improvements in the exchange-management procedures .
small wonder that kenya 's plans to establish an export processing [area] ( see later section ) have yet to come to fruition , despite recent improvements in the exchange-management procedures .

The family practitioner committee was unwilling to disclose the size of individual practices and so , to preserve anonymity , practices were grouped into nine geographical zones and their referrals represented as rates per zone .
the family practitioner committee was unwilling to disclose the size of individual practices and so , to preserve anonymity , practices were grouped into nine geographical zones and their referrals represented as rates per [area] .

There are further instructions to test a specified character for a set word mark bit , or for various combinations of zone bits .
there are further instructions to test a specified character for a set word mark bit , or for various combinations of [area] bits .

The `` Torogoces `` , a music group named after a bird renowned for the beauty of its song , perform in the Morazan controlled zone .
the `` torogoces `` , a music group named after a bird renowned for the beauty of its song , perform in the morazan controlled [area] .

We spent 20 days out of the zone before it was safe to return .
we spent 20 days out of the [area] before it was safe to return .

While the way in which sexual relations are conducted obviously varies considerably from individual to individual and from zone to zone , generally speaking , there is an attempt to maintain a fairly strict control in the military camps , although this does not apply for the civilian population , nor should it be regarded as an indication of future attitudes .
while the way in which sexual relations are conducted obviously varies considerably from individual to individual and from [area] to [area] , generally speaking , there is an attempt to maintain a fairly strict control in the military camps , although this does not apply for the civilian population , nor should it be regarded as an indication of future attitudes .

At the time she was supposedly killed , she was in a combat zone , monitoring a Salvadorean air force raid .
at the time she was supposedly killed , she was in a combat [area] , monitoring a salvadorean air force raid .

It may denote ( i ) the external groove or sulcus corresponding to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which provides mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous zone of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .
it may denote ( i ) the external groove or sulcus corresponding to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which provides mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous [area] of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .

Expressed in the simplest terms , however , normal flight depends on the creation by a propeller-like action of the wings of a zone of low pressure in front of and above the insect and one of high pressure behind and below it , the consequent movement being a resultant of the thrust provided by the insect and forces due to gravity and air-resistance .
expressed in the simplest terms , however , normal flight depends on the creation by a propeller-like action of the wings of a [area] of low pressure in front of and above the insect and one of high pressure behind and below it , the consequent movement being a resultant of the thrust provided by the insect and forces due to gravity and air-resistance .

The lamina ganglionaris is the zone nearest the eye and is connected with the inner ends of the ommatidia by the layer of post-retinal fibres .
the lamina ganglionaris is the [area] nearest the eye and is connected with the inner ends of the ommatidia by the layer of post-retinal fibres .

The middle zone is the medulla externa and is connected with the lamina by the external chiasma which is formed by the crossing of nerve fibres .
the middle [area] is the medulla externa and is connected with the lamina by the external chiasma which is formed by the crossing of nerve fibres .

The inner zone is the medulla interna or lobula , united with the preceding zone by the internal chiasma .
the inner [area] is the medulla interna or lobula , united with the preceding [area] by the internal chiasma .

Studies of the finer detail show that each major zone includes several types of neurons and a great variety of nervous connections .
studies of the finer detail show that each major [area] includes several types of neurons and a great variety of nervous connections .

That was what that band on the map was , that zone of blue bending up and back like a water pipe , the river .
that was what that band on the map was , that [area] of blue bending up and back like a water pipe , the river .

Declare your home a football-fan-free zone and throw wild parties for your remaining friends .
declare your home a football-fan-free [area] and throw wild parties for your remaining friends .

With the volume level edged up to the danger zone , Rattle 's conception clicks into place .
with the volume level edged up to the danger [area] , rattle 's conception clicks into place .

However others in the audience thought it provocative and exciting in its willingness to zone in on what mainstream society sees as the dark underbelly of homosexual life .
however others in the audience thought it provocative and exciting in its willingness to [area] in on what mainstream society sees as the dark underbelly of homosexual life .

When Glass ( 1954 ) studied trends up to the 1950s , he found that although many men experienced mobility , most of this was short-range and across the middle levels of the hierarchy in a ‘ buffer zone ’ .
when glass ( 1954 ) studied trends up to the 1950s , he found that although many men experienced mobility , most of this was short-range and across the middle levels of the hierarchy in a ‘ buffer [area] ’ .

In the 1930s this zone was variously referred to as the ‘ axial belt ’ , even the ‘ coffin ' , though in truth there was always a low-density gap between London and Birmingham , so perhaps ‘ doughnut ’ would have been more appropriate .
in the 1930s this [area] was variously referred to as the ‘ axial belt ’ , even the ‘ coffin ' , though in truth there was always a low-density gap between london and birmingham , so perhaps ‘ doughnut ’ would have been more appropriate .

This share changed little during 1971–81 because all three types of zone outside the cores gained population roughly in proportion to their original shares , each growing by about 9–10 per cent .
this share changed little during 1971–81 because all three types of [area] outside the cores gained population roughly in proportion to their original shares , each growing by about 9–10 per cent .

Part of the strategic significance of the English occupation of Normandy , and of the alliance with the dukes of Burgundy , lay in the zone of control which was thereby created : for not only did the English rule both sides of the Channel and the Seine below Paris , but their Burgundian allies controlled the upper reaches above the capital .
part of the strategic significance of the english occupation of normandy , and of the alliance with the dukes of burgundy , lay in the [area] of control which was thereby created : for not only did the english rule both sides of the channel and the seine below paris , but their burgundian allies controlled the upper reaches above the capital .

The main impression he gives is of entrepreneurial acumen and ability to adapt to the culture of whichever time zone he flies into .
the main impression he gives is of entrepreneurial acumen and ability to adapt to the culture of whichever time [area] he flies into .

Sardinia appeals greatly to explorers — especially the adventure zone of the mountains — and a hire car is the best way to get around .
sardinia appeals greatly to explorers — especially the adventure [area] of the mountains — and a hire car is the best way to get around .

Just 20 steps away from the sea , in a traffic-free zone of Alassio 's historical centre , the Hotel Pesce d'Oro is a warm traditional property .
just 20 steps away from the sea , in a traffic-free [area] of alassio 's historical centre , the hotel pesce d'oro is a warm traditional property .

It sketches ways in which a development zone for primary care could be organised to improve services in the capital .
it sketches ways in which a development [area] for primary care could be organised to improve services in the capital .

In the development zone primary care arrangements can not simply be left to the normal mechanism of allowing general practitioners to decide , within limits , what services they will provide .
in the development [area] primary care arrangements can not simply be left to the normal mechanism of allowing general practitioners to decide , within limits , what services they will provide .

Family health services authorities , district health authorities , community health services , and local authorities within the development zone should join forces with local providers to conduct an urgent analysis of existing services in their particular patch , their staffing , and the capital stock available for primary and community health services .
family health services authorities , district health authorities , community health services , and local authorities within the development [area] should join forces with local providers to conduct an urgent analysis of existing services in their particular patch , their staffing , and the capital stock available for primary and community health services .

Within the development zone new incentives need to be devised both to attract high calibre general practitioners and other primary health care workers to the inner city and to encourage them to provide the right kind of services .
within the development [area] new incentives need to be devised both to attract high calibre general practitioners and other primary health care workers to the inner city and to encourage them to provide the right kind of services .

It may be useful for family health services authorities within the zone to take on responsibility for arranging early retirement packages , where these could be shown to be in the interests of the service .
it may be useful for family health services authorities within the [area] to take on responsibility for arranging early retirement packages , where these could be shown to be in the interests of the service .

For example , someone setting out on a journey to a malarial zone would be best advised to rely on drugs rather than trusting the stars ' message alone as a protection against the disease .
for example , someone setting out on a journey to a malarial [area] would be best advised to rely on drugs rather than trusting the stars ' message alone as a protection against the disease .

In order to substantiate her claim , India has permitted several foreign expeditions , always accompanied by a team of nationals , to visit this highly restricted military area — a combat zone in the heart of the greatest collection of unclimbed peaks in the Karakoram .
in order to substantiate her claim , india has permitted several foreign expeditions , always accompanied by a team of nationals , to visit this highly restricted military area — a combat [area] in the heart of the greatest collection of unclimbed peaks in the karakoram .

There is no mention of the military exclusion zone which has existed for at least two years , for anything up to seven days a week , around the highest Eildon .
there is no mention of the military exclusion [area] which has existed for at least two years , for anything up to seven days a week , around the highest eildon .

For the second day running , up to 30 commuters yesterday took over a carriage on an early-morning service from Colchester to Liverpool Street and put up posters declaring it a smoking zone .
for the second day running , up to 30 commuters yesterday took over a carriage on an early-morning service from colchester to liverpool street and put up posters declaring it a smoking [area] .

But he added : ‘ Should further violations of the no-fly zone occur , the resolution requires all necessary measures to be taken to secure compliance .
but he added : ‘ should further violations of the no-fly [area] occur , the resolution requires all necessary measures to be taken to secure compliance .

Military experts think more than 50 fighter jets would be needed to enforce the zone .
military experts think more than 50 fighter jets would be needed to enforce the [area] .

Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic warned that enforcing the no-fly zone — which is violated largely by Serbs — could have ‘ negative consequences ’ for the peace process .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic warned that enforcing the no-fly [area] — which is violated largely by serbs — could have ‘ negative consequences ’ for the peace process .

In South-west England block and basin limestones and shales and spilitic basic volcanics were laid down in an extensional basin developed at the western end of the Rheno-Hercynian zone .
in south-west england block and basin limestones and shales and spilitic basic volcanics were laid down in an extensional basin developed at the western end of the rheno-hercynian [area] .

Vidlin — small , low-grade , Cu-Zn stratiform sulphide deposit within a zone up to 4 km long and 14 m thick in Dalradian metasediments .
vidlin — small , low-grade , cu-zn stratiform sulphide deposit within a [area] up to 4 km long and 14 m thick in dalradian metasediments .

The lavas may conceal the uppermost , epithermal precious metal zone ( thought to have been removed at Lagalochan ) intact at relatively shallow depth .
the lavas may conceal the uppermost , epithermal precious metal [area] ( thought to have been removed at lagalochan ) intact at relatively shallow depth .

This zone is envisaged as similar to that described by Panteleyev ( 1986 ) from Canadian epithermal precious metal vein deposits .
this [area] is envisaged as similar to that described by panteleyev ( 1986 ) from canadian epithermal precious metal vein deposits .

The main zone of interest is the Scottish Middle Dalradian ( Argyll Group ) sequence from Portsoy in the north-east to Islay in the south-west with the Aberfeldy Ba-Pb-Zn deposits in the centre ( Smith and others 1984 ) .
the main [area] of interest is the scottish middle dalradian ( argyll group ) sequence from portsoy in the north-east to islay in the south-west with the aberfeldy ba-pb-zn deposits in the centre ( smith and others 1984 ) .

Massive bedded sulphides and disseminated ‘ feeder ’ veins and stockwork mineralisation occur over a zone 2km long and up to 500m wide .
massive bedded sulphides and disseminated ‘ feeder ’ veins and stockwork mineralisation occur over a [area] 2km long and up to 500m wide .

Fluorite dominates the inner zone with calcite and then baryte towards the margins of the mineralised area .
fluorite dominates the inner [area] with calcite and then baryte towards the margins of the mineralised area .

Faulting has produced a wide , mylonite-bearing shatter zone with large quartz lenses at Bardon Hill .
faulting has produced a wide , mylonite-bearing shatter [area] with large quartz lenses at bardon hill .

Investigations in the Sourton Tors area of north Dartmoor , over the Dinantian Meldon Chert Formation , located a zone of sulphide veins with pyrite and pyrrhotite but without significant base metal mineralisation ( Beer and Fenning , 1976 ) .
investigations in the sourton tors area of north dartmoor , over the dinantian meldon chert formation , located a [area] of sulphide veins with pyrite and pyrrhotite but without significant base metal mineralisation ( beer and fenning , 1976 ) .

So-called target risks — such as Government or municipal buildings , main railway stations and airports — and , perhaps , buildings in the vicinity , will be treated individually and in zone 1 a weighting of up to 50 per cent may apply .
so-called target risks — such as government or municipal buildings , main railway stations and airports — and , perhaps , buildings in the vicinity , will be treated individually and in [area] 1 a weighting of up to 50 per cent may apply .

The journey through the zone of gusting time was terrifying .
the journey through the [area] of gusting time was terrifying .

’ The driver hung a left and left the combat zone .
’ the driver hung a left and left the combat [area] .

The reader will probably reply that the question is quite otiose because it is obvious that , as Freud himself pointed out , the oral region is of first significance in a new-born baby 's life , the anal zone is significant later , especially with the coming of toilet-training , and the phallic period is last merely because it is only later that increasing awareness of the genitals and the ability to manipulate them and perceive the persons of the parents causes Oedipal phenomena ( which are synonymous with the phallic period ) to come to the fore .
the reader will probably reply that the question is quite otiose because it is obvious that , as freud himself pointed out , the oral region is of first significance in a new-born baby 's life , the anal [area] is significant later , especially with the coming of toilet-training , and the phallic period is last merely because it is only later that increasing awareness of the genitals and the ability to manipulate them and perceive the persons of the parents causes oedipal phenomena ( which are synonymous with the phallic period ) to come to the fore .

They crossed the strip of wasteland underneath the motorway link that came tunnelling and bridging its way through the hilly landscape , and entered a zone of fenced-off lots containing warehouses and sales-rooms , light industrial units and the offices of small businesses .
they crossed the strip of wasteland underneath the motorway link that came tunnelling and bridging its way through the hilly landscape , and entered a [area] of fenced-off lots containing warehouses and sales-rooms , light industrial units and the offices of small businesses .

This close to Christmas , the wild West End was a militarized zone for private transport , even taxis .
this close to christmas , the wild west end was a militarized [area] for private transport , even taxis .

Bunny , Martin and the other two girls decided to go for a meal in a Swedish restaurant Bunny said he knew in Lisson Grove , the Dead Zone between the Edgware Road and Lord 's Cricket Ground .
bunny , martin and the other two girls decided to go for a meal in a swedish restaurant bunny said he knew in lisson grove , the dead [area] between the edgware road and lord 's cricket ground .

Suffice it to say , at this point , that even in the midwest region of Ireland , widely regarded as the most successful free zone in the world , whose agencies have an unsurpassed international reputation , the impact on the Irish economy of the foreign-owned sector in terms of linkages is uninspiring .
suffice it to say , at this point , that even in the midwest region of ireland , widely regarded as the most successful free [area] in the world , whose agencies have an unsurpassed international reputation , the impact on the irish economy of the foreign-owned sector in terms of linkages is uninspiring .

Each zone was scored on a scale from 0 ( absent ) to 3 ( severe ) for : erythema , excoriation , dryness , cracking , and lichenification .
each [area] was scored on a scale from 0 ( absent ) to 3 ( severe ) for : erythema , excoriation , dryness , cracking , and lichenification .

Total scores from each zone were added to give a maximum of 150 .
total scores from each [area] were added to give a maximum of 150 .

At the time of first detection , they were usually located in the transitional zone between the corpus and antrum .
at the time of first detection , they were usually located in the transitional [area] between the corpus and antrum .

BrdUrd labelling was confined to the superficial zone of human gastric crypts ( Fig 1 ) .
brdurd labelling was confined to the superficial [area] of human gastric crypts ( fig 1 ) .

Scoring was performed for each cell along the crypt column to a point immediately beyond the proliferative zone where crypt continuity was lost .
scoring was performed for each cell along the crypt column to a point immediately beyond the proliferative [area] where crypt continuity was lost .

The average number of labelled cells ( x ) per 50 hemicrypts in the proliferation zone was used to extrapolate to the total crypt size .
the average number of labelled cells ( x ) per 50 hemicrypts in the proliferation [area] was used to extrapolate to the total crypt size .

Human gastric mucosa is a complex proliferation model when compared with colorectal mucosa , because of the convolution of the crypts and because the proliferation zone is located in the middle or upper part of the crypt , possibly producing bidirectional movement of maturing cells .
human gastric mucosa is a complex proliferation model when compared with colorectal mucosa , because of the convolution of the crypts and because the proliferation [area] is located in the middle or upper part of the crypt , possibly producing bidirectional movement of maturing cells .

In the gastric body crypts , intense labelling occurred in the proliferative zone , with cell migration up the crypts taking place over 96 hours .
in the gastric body crypts , intense labelling occurred in the proliferative [area] , with cell migration up the crypts taking place over 96 hours .

If , as these authors postulate , the tumour exerts some type of inhibitory effect on the proliferation of the cells surrounding it , it is possible that the lower labelling index reported for the rectal segment is at least party related to a wider — that is , extending beyond a 5 cm radius — zone of inhibition produced by rectal tumours with respect to those arising in other colonic segments .
if , as these authors postulate , the tumour exerts some type of inhibitory effect on the proliferation of the cells surrounding it , it is possible that the lower labelling index reported for the rectal segment is at least party related to a wider — that is , extending beyond a 5 cm radius — [area] of inhibition produced by rectal tumours with respect to those arising in other colonic segments .

Our data confirm an upward shift of the proliferative zone in the patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps ( which are themselves associated with an increased tendency to develop colon cancer ) .
our data confirm an upward shift of the proliferative [area] in the patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps ( which are themselves associated with an increased tendency to develop colon cancer ) .

The tropical zone of Asia and Africa belong to this type .
the tropical [area] of asia and africa belong to this type .

The oesophageal stem cells in the proliferative zone , as a rule , proliferate more slowly and do not migrate to maintain their ‘ niche ’ in the epithelial/ mesenchyme interface whereas their progeny ( the transit amplifying cells ) divide and migrate sideways , upwards and , during inflammation , probably downwards also into deeper layers .
the oesophageal stem cells in the proliferative [area] , as a rule , proliferate more slowly and do not migrate to maintain their ‘ niche ’ in the epithelial/ mesenchyme interface whereas their progeny ( the transit amplifying cells ) divide and migrate sideways , upwards and , during inflammation , probably downwards also into deeper layers .

We do not tell you the location of these areas , nor do we tell you which pennant is in which combat zone .
we do not tell you the location of these areas , nor do we tell you which pennant is in which combat [area] .

In the phallic phase , which occurs between the ages of three and five , the principal erogenous zone becomes the genitals .
in the phallic phase , which occurs between the ages of three and five , the principal erogenous [area] becomes the genitals .

As already explained in chapter 4 a 100 % allowance is available on the purchase of a commercial building in a designated enterprise zone .
as already explained in chapter 4 a 100 % allowance is available on the purchase of a commercial building in a designated enterprise [area] .

In May 1990 a campaign was launched to attract Asian investment in manufacturing , offering tax cuts and other incentives to induce companies to invest in an export processing zone .
in may 1990 a campaign was launched to attract asian investment in manufacturing , offering tax cuts and other incentives to induce companies to invest in an export processing [area] .

Resolutions adopted included a commitment to establish a Single Monetary Zone by 1992 .
resolutions adopted included a commitment to establish a single monetary [area] by 1992 .

The following day Najibullah invited Fazl Haq Khaleqiar , Governor General of North-Western Zone and a Minister-Adviser in the outgoing Executive Council , to form a new government .
the following day najibullah invited fazl haq khaleqiar , governor general of north-western [area] and a minister-adviser in the outgoing executive council , to form a new government .

An economic embargo had been established in late March , and in early May the government had attempted to increase the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` exclusion zone `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .
an economic embargo had been established in late march , and in early may the government had attempted to increase the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` exclusion [area] `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .

The zone was reduced to 12 miles after it was discovered that a 50-mile zone would interfere with international shipping lanes .
the [area] was reduced to 12 miles after it was discovered that a 50-mile [area] would interfere with international shipping lanes .

Incidents in buffer zone — Troop movements
incidents in buffer [area] — troop movements

Independent relief agencies , with the government 's consent , on March 20 began transport of supplies from Addis Ababa through the war zone to rebel-held areas [ see pp .
independent relief agencies , with the government 's consent , on march 20 began transport of supplies from addis ababa through the war [area] to rebel-held areas [ see pp .

In the neutral zone between the two countries there were estimated reserves of 5,000 million barrels , a strong economic incentive for reunification .
in the neutral [area] between the two countries there were estimated reserves of 5,000 million barrels , a strong economic incentive for reunification .

In another unexpected Northern initiative , it was announced on July 5 that the northern side of the border at the Panmunjom armistice village ( situated in the Demilitarized Zone between the two countries ) would be opened from Aug. 15 in an attempt to encourage contacts between the two countries .
in another unexpected northern initiative , it was announced on july 5 that the northern side of the border at the panmunjom armistice village ( situated in the demilitarized [area] between the two countries ) would be opened from aug. 15 in an attempt to encourage contacts between the two countries .

On Aug. 24 the Armenian government agreed to the creation of a special security zone along the border to be manned by Soviet Interior Ministry troops .
on aug. 24 the armenian government agreed to the creation of a special security [area] along the border to be manned by soviet interior ministry troops .

The Turkmen declaration was notable for pronouncing the republic a nuclear and chemical weapons-free zone .
the turkmen declaration was notable for pronouncing the republic a nuclear and chemical weapons-free [area] .

Kirk became known internationally as `` Captain Kirk `` in 1983 when he had led a fleet of fishing boats across the North Sea to challenge the 12-mile exclusion zone declared by the United Kingdom government [ see pp .
kirk became known internationally as `` captain kirk `` in 1983 when he had led a fleet of fishing boats across the north sea to challenge the 12-mile exclusion [area] declared by the united kingdom government [ see pp .

Jamir objected to the settling of `` foreign nationals `` , mainly Bangladeshis , in the border zone , while Mahanta called the recognition by Nagaland of 98 Naga villages in Assam as part of Nagaland `` illegal and provocative `` .
jamir objected to the settling of `` foreign nationals `` , mainly bangladeshis , in the border [area] , while mahanta called the recognition by nagaland of 98 naga villages in assam as part of nagaland `` illegal and provocative `` .

In August 1989 the third zone based at Gaylegphug was inaugurated and the fourth at Yongphalu was set up in September .
in august 1989 the third [area] based at gaylegphug was inaugurated and the fourth at yongphalu was set up in september .

The new measures provided for ( i ) the lifting of the 150-mile exclusion zone around the Falkland Islands and its replacement on March 31 , 1990 , by mutually agreed security arrangements ( backed up by a direct radio `` hotline `` between the commander of the Falklands garrison and Argentina 's military high command ) giving each country advance warning of the military manoeuvres of the other , and allowing Argentinian warships and aircraft to come within 50 miles and 70 miles respectively of the Falklands without prior permission ; ( ii ) co-operation on air and sea rescue , safety procedures and air and maritime navigation ; ( iii ) an investment promotion and protection pact to encourage investment in the Falklands , and negotiations on possible Anglo-Argentinian investment promotion and protection agreements ; ( iv ) shared information on fishing in the South Atlantic , although a 150-mile conservation zone around the Falklands would be maintained , within which Argentinian vessels were denied the right to fish [ see p. 37001 ] ; ( v ) a working group on South Atlantic affairs and arrangements for further talks to improve contacts between the mainland and the Falklands ; ( vi ) visits by Argentinian relatives to Falkland war graves by arrangement with the International Red Cross ; ( vii ) co-operation on environmental protection ; and ( viii ) co-operation against drug trafficking .
the new measures provided for ( i ) the lifting of the 150-mile exclusion [area] around the falkland islands and its replacement on march 31 , 1990 , by mutually agreed security arrangements ( backed up by a direct radio `` hotline `` between the commander of the falklands garrison and argentina 's military high command ) giving each country advance warning of the military manoeuvres of the other , and allowing argentinian warships and aircraft to come within 50 miles and 70 miles respectively of the falklands without prior permission ; ( ii ) co-operation on air and sea rescue , safety procedures and air and maritime navigation ; ( iii ) an investment promotion and protection pact to encourage investment in the falklands , and negotiations on possible anglo-argentinian investment promotion and protection agreements ; ( iv ) shared information on fishing in the south atlantic , although a 150-mile conservation [area] around the falklands would be maintained , within which argentinian vessels were denied the right to fish [ see p. 37001 ] ; ( v ) a working group on south atlantic affairs and arrangements for further talks to improve contacts between the mainland and the falklands ; ( vi ) visits by argentinian relatives to falkland war graves by arrangement with the international red cross ; ( vii ) co-operation on environmental protection ; and ( viii ) co-operation against drug trafficking .

the refugee from a war zone , shocked and unable to explain what has happened
the refugee from a war [area] , shocked and unable to explain what has happened

By making written work ( of all kinds — including Maths , Science and Artwork for example ) a part of their drama we provide a sort of safety net , a `` No Penalty Zone `` in which they can pretend to be someone other than themselves writing their letter , wording their advertisement or drawing up their menu … The motivation to write is heightened , and writing of great diversity can be encouraged — including , where appropriate , writing in the child 's own language or dialect .
by making written work ( of all kinds — including maths , science and artwork for example ) a part of their drama we provide a sort of safety net , a `` no penalty [area] `` in which they can pretend to be someone other than themselves writing their letter , wording their advertisement or drawing up their menu … the motivation to write is heightened , and writing of great diversity can be encouraged — including , where appropriate , writing in the child 's own language or dialect .

The world 's other main exchanges are outside the European time zone .
the world 's other main exchanges are outside the european time [area] .

Apart from the delta , Turkey had to concede the right of merchant ships to pass through the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles ( which was crucial from the point of view of Russian trade ) , and to surrender rather more significant territories in the eastern part of her empire ( because Russia was determined to control the eastern shore of the Black Sea and to enlarge her buffer zone around Georgia ) .
apart from the delta , turkey had to concede the right of merchant ships to pass through the bosphorus and the dardanelles ( which was crucial from the point of view of russian trade ) , and to surrender rather more significant territories in the eastern part of her empire ( because russia was determined to control the eastern shore of the black sea and to enlarge her buffer [area] around georgia ) .

Finally , London 's time zone position offers a natural complementarity with New York and Tokyo for trading of securities such as eurobonds as well as forex .
finally , london 's time [area] position offers a natural complementarity with new york and tokyo for trading of securities such as eurobonds as well as forex .

In the Greater Sao Paulo region , Brazil 's major industrial zone , employment in manufacturing fell by 20 % between 1980 and 1983 .
in the greater sao paulo region , brazil 's major industrial [area] , employment in manufacturing fell by 20 % between 1980 and 1983 .

The Sahel zone of West Africa experienced intense drought during the early 1970s , which caused much hardship for and dislocation of the agropastoral communities — who combine farming with livestock — in the region .
the sahel [area] of west africa experienced intense drought during the early 1970s , which caused much hardship for and dislocation of the agropastoral communities — who combine farming with livestock — in the region .

The Universities of Kano and Maiduguri will collaborate in the project , and the EC-funded North East Arid Zone Development Programme is expected to give technical cooperation .
the universities of kano and maiduguri will collaborate in the project , and the ec-funded north east arid [area] development programme is expected to give technical cooperation .

This research project aims to make an empirical assessment of the effects of the development , in Gateshead 's Enterprise Zone , of Britain 's first true ‘ out-of-town ’ regional shopping centre on the North American principle , together with other groups of stores outside traditional centres .
this research project aims to make an empirical assessment of the effects of the development , in gateshead 's enterprise [area] , of britain 's first true ‘ out-of-town ’ regional shopping centre on the north american principle , together with other groups of stores outside traditional centres .

These include base lines for the territorial sea ; navigation rights ; zonal rights and jurisdiction in , for example , the 200 mile Exclusive Economic Zone , and , over the continental shelf ; scientific research and the preservation of the marine environment .
these include base lines for the territorial sea ; navigation rights ; zonal rights and jurisdiction in , for example , the 200 mile exclusive economic [area] , and , over the continental shelf ; scientific research and the preservation of the marine environment .

He calmly controlled the ball before lashing an angled drive past Neville Southall to put 11 points of daylight between Liverpool and the relegation zone .
he calmly controlled the ball before lashing an angled drive past neville southall to put 11 points of daylight between liverpool and the relegation [area] .

Defeat left Everton with a far from comfortable eight point cushion above the relegation zone and Kendall said : ‘ We defended well most of the time but let ourselves down in injury time .
defeat left everton with a far from comfortable eight point cushion above the relegation [area] and kendall said : ‘ we defended well most of the time but let ourselves down in injury time .

Kernaghan and his mates are amazed that Northern Ireland wo n't be sending Danny Wilson into this combat zone .
kernaghan and his mates are amazed that northern ireland wo n't be sending danny wilson into this combat [area] .

This corresponds to the Archibenthic Zone of Transition in the eastern Atlantic and to the Abyssal Province in the west .
this corresponds to the archibenthic [area] of transition in the eastern atlantic and to the abyssal province in the west .

Also hydrographic factors may influence distributions : for example in the Rockall Trough the influence of Norweign Sea overspill water is thought to extend upwards the distribution of certain species commonly associated with the lower abyssal zone ( Gage et al .
also hydrographic factors may influence distributions : for example in the rockall trough the influence of norweign sea overspill water is thought to extend upwards the distribution of certain species commonly associated with the lower abyssal [area] ( gage et al .

Thus , while we follow with interest the supposedly dramatic variation from 2 feet to 10 feet to 39 feet of a certain zone along the English outcrop , we hardly bother with a footnote to say that the same zone in western Scotland is nearly 134 feet thick .
thus , while we follow with interest the supposedly dramatic variation from 2 feet to 10 feet to 39 feet of a certain [area] along the english outcrop , we hardly bother with a footnote to say that the same [area] in western scotland is nearly 134 feet thick .

Radiometric dating has nearly reached the stage when we can make reasonable estimates at the stage , if not the zone level .
radiometric dating has nearly reached the stage when we can make reasonable estimates at the stage , if not the [area] level .

Thus , though there is a slow progressive build.up in the upper levels of the intertidal zone , largely aided by human interference , in the lower levels there is virtually no overall accretion .
thus , though there is a slow progressive build.up in the upper levels of the intertidal [area] , largely aided by human interference , in the lower levels there is virtually no overall accretion .

All along the coast here , an algal mat is developed in the inter-tidal zone .
all along the coast here , an algal mat is developed in the inter-tidal [area] .

We can quickly dispose of the most obvious zone fossil , the king himself , in that he had already lived for 60 years before his era began and we have seen that his era is commonly regarded as lasting several years after his extinction .
we can quickly dispose of the most obvious [area] fossil , the king himself , in that he had already lived for 60 years before his era began and we have seen that his era is commonly regarded as lasting several years after his extinction .

What is more , the Edwardian Era is recognised and recognisable in many parts of the world where the `` zone fossil `` never set foot .
what is more , the edwardian era is recognised and recognisable in many parts of the world where the `` [area] fossil `` never set foot .

What is more , a Tertiary stage looks very much like a zone through Mesozoic eyes , and with Palaeozoic spectacles a Jurassic stage is at most an Ordovician zone .
what is more , a tertiary stage looks very much like a [area] through mesozoic eyes , and with palaeozoic spectacles a jurassic stage is at most an ordovician [area] .

Thus the base of the Epicene System must be defined at the bottom of its basal Binomial Series , and the base of that Series must be defined at the bottom of the basal Para Zone . ``
thus the base of the epicene system must be defined at the bottom of its basal binomial series , and the base of that series must be defined at the bottom of the basal para [area] . ``

Along this trench , oceanic crust with ophiolites and `` turbidites `` coming from the south-east was probably consumed down a Benioff zone .
along this trench , oceanic crust with ophiolites and `` turbidites `` coming from the south-east was probably consumed down a benioff [area] .

The whole of the Pleistocene ice-age would fit within an ammonite zone or two .
the whole of the pleistocene ice-age would fit within an ammonite [area] or two .

The fourth and youngest boy , Bramwell Orams , was in the air force from the age of seventeen and flew on many sorties in the Pacific war zone .
the fourth and youngest boy , bramwell orams , was in the air force from the age of seventeen and flew on many sorties in the pacific war [area] .

Once provided , two general trends are obvious : first , the intra-mural zone remained or soon became relatively well built-up , and second , there was no obvious contraction or shift in emphasis within the extra-mural zone prior to the mid fourth century at least .
once provided , two general trends are obvious : first , the intra-mural [area] remained or soon became relatively well built-up , and second , there was no obvious contraction or shift in emphasis within the extra-mural [area] prior to the mid fourth century at least .

Of particular importance , however , is the impact of such defensive provision upon the intra-mural zone ; enclosures that are apparently almost empty have been noted at Caistor , Horncastle , Mancetter and Wall , as well as at Margidunum with the exception of the late complex in the northern half .
of particular importance , however , is the impact of such defensive provision upon the intra-mural [area] ; enclosures that are apparently almost empty have been noted at caistor , horncastle , mancetter and wall , as well as at margidunum with the exception of the late complex in the northern half .

The intra-mural zone also contains other buildings , most of them relatively small and simple .
the intra-mural [area] also contains other buildings , most of them relatively small and simple .

You have to type in the number of cylinders , the number of heads , the number of sectors and the landing zone to suit your particular model and size of harddisk .
you have to type in the number of cylinders , the number of heads , the number of sectors and the landing [area] to suit your particular model and size of harddisk .

Bearing in mind that the gap between the read/write heads and the hard disk platter is less than the size of a single smoke particle , it is sensible to declare the computer work area a no-smoking zone .
bearing in mind that the gap between the read/write heads and the hard disk platter is less than the size of a single smoke particle , it is sensible to declare the computer work area a no-smoking [area] .

‘ At the same time it was decided to go ahead with a new 14,000 square foot facility in the Dubai Free Zone of Jebel Ali .
‘ at the same time it was decided to go ahead with a new 14,000 square foot facility in the dubai free [area] of jebel ali .

They 've just turned to the zone game after generations of the sweeper system .
they 've just turned to the [area] game after generations of the sweeper system .

‘ We 've strayed into a zone with a high magical index , ’ he said .
‘ we 've strayed into a [area] with a high magical index , ’ he said .

Once the zone outline coordinates have been measured and entered into a data file the statistical variable to be mapped is specified .
once the [area] outline coordinates have been measured and entered into a data file the statistical variable to be mapped is specified .

Secondly , the measurements on the statistical variable to be mapped must be presented in the same order that the zone outlines are listed in the data file .
secondly , the measurements on the statistical variable to be mapped must be presented in the same order that the [area] outlines are listed in the data file .

( … date for 2 variables on 42 polygons entered in zone order , i.e .
( … date for 2 variables on 42 polygons entered in [area] order , i.e .

‘ And tomorrow they wo n't be attacking strong positions , they 'll be hitting us out in the open . Good Christ , if they can make five miles a day when they have to fight through four systems of trenches and get right inside our Battle Zone , how bloody far d' you think they 'll go when we 've got nothing to hide behind except cow turds and haystacks ? ’
‘ and tomorrow they wo n't be attacking strong positions , they 'll be hitting us out in the open . good christ , if they can make five miles a day when they have to fight through four systems of trenches and get right inside our battle [area] , how bloody far d' you think they 'll go when we 've got nothing to hide behind except cow turds and haystacks ? ’

This had the effect of realigning the traditional shipping lanes up and down the Gulf which led to the centuries-old general cargo ports in the Shatt al-Arab , Basrah and Khorramshahr , as well as the old-established Gulf ports like Bahrain and Kuwait and the recently installed array of oil terminals nearby : Mina al-Ahmadi and Mina Abdallah in Kuwait ; Ras Tanura and al-Jubail in Saudi Arabia ; Mina Saud and Ras Khafji in the Neutral Zone between the two ; Sitra in Bahrain ; Halul Island off Qatar and its onshore counterpart Umm Said ; Jabal Dhanna in Abu Dhabi and offshore Das Island ; and Kharg Island and Bandar Mah Shahr on the Iranian coast .
this had the effect of realigning the traditional shipping lanes up and down the gulf which led to the centuries-old general cargo ports in the shatt al-arab , basrah and khorramshahr , as well as the old-established gulf ports like bahrain and kuwait and the recently installed array of oil terminals nearby : mina al-ahmadi and mina abdallah in kuwait ; ras tanura and al-jubail in saudi arabia ; mina saud and ras khafji in the neutral [area] between the two ; sitra in bahrain ; halul island off qatar and its onshore counterpart umm said ; jabal dhanna in abu dhabi and offshore das island ; and kharg island and bandar mah shahr on the iranian coast .

In August 1982 Baghdad announced a military exclusion zone at the head of the Gulf , covering the oil terminal at Kharg , the general cargo ports of Bushehr and Bandar Khomeini and their respective approaches .
in august 1982 baghdad announced a military exclusion [area] at the head of the gulf , covering the oil terminal at kharg , the general cargo ports of bushehr and bandar khomeini and their respective approaches .

In some cases , owners substituted specialist crews of ‘ mercenaries ’ ( mostly Filipino , but sometimes German or British ) , ready to run almost any risk for the part of a voyage that lay in the war zone .
in some cases , owners substituted specialist crews of ‘ mercenaries ’ ( mostly filipino , but sometimes german or british ) , ready to run almost any risk for the part of a voyage that lay in the war [area] .

In particular , they avoided the straight-line exit route to Hormuz from , say , Kuwait which inevitably ran through the Iranian zone .
in particular , they avoided the straight-line exit route to hormuz from , say , kuwait which inevitably ran through the iranian [area] .

Some of the larger aircraft were transferred to the parking area at Amman airport , for a long time the only point from which Iraq could be entered from abroad , as foreign airlines were hesitant about using traditional air corridors which ran close to a war zone .
some of the larger aircraft were transferred to the parking area at amman airport , for a long time the only point from which iraq could be entered from abroad , as foreign airlines were hesitant about using traditional air corridors which ran close to a war [area] .

Now Iraq claimed that the Iranian attackers were trapped in a killing zone by the lake .
now iraq claimed that the iranian attackers were trapped in a killing [area] by the lake .

Without this ambition she probably would not have dared to paint her allegorical decorations , such as ‘ The Zone of Love ’ ( c.1930 ) and ‘ The Zone of hate ’ ( 1914–15 ) at the Tate Gallery , which are not only large in size but in concept too .
without this ambition she probably would not have dared to paint her allegorical decorations , such as ‘ the [area] of love ’ ( c.1930 ) and ‘ the [area] of hate ’ ( 1914–15 ) at the tate gallery , which are not only large in size but in concept too .

In contrast ‘ The Zone of Hate ’ , painted just before the outbreak of World War One , shows the crushing of a figure into the bottom of the picture by the five personified forces of ; hate , Life , Death , Destiny and World Sorrow .
in contrast ‘ the [area] of hate ’ , painted just before the outbreak of world war one , shows the crushing of a figure into the bottom of the picture by the five personified forces of ; hate , life , death , destiny and world sorrow .

her decorations , such as ‘ In the Land of Ecstasy ’ ( Leicester City Art Gallery ) or ‘ Invocation ’ ( private collection ) run along the same theme as ‘ The Zone of Love ’ and reiterate its gender associations .
her decorations , such as ‘ in the land of ecstasy ’ ( leicester city art gallery ) or ‘ invocation ’ ( private collection ) run along the same theme as ‘ the [area] of love ’ and reiterate its gender associations .

Like ‘ the Zone of Love ’ this is in fact a vision of a heavenly environment which is very much influenced by the theologies of the East but more particularly the writings of Swedenborg ( 1688–1772 ) .
like ‘ the [area] of love ’ this is in fact a vision of a heavenly environment which is very much influenced by the theologies of the east but more particularly the writings of swedenborg ( 1688–1772 ) .

15 ‘ The Zone of Love ’ , for example , translates a state of innocence and peace .
15 ‘ the [area] of love ’ , for example , translates a state of innocence and peace .

It is questionable that she believed women to be intellectually deficient and her only interest in masculinity in ‘ The Zone of Hate ’ is negative but women for her are symbolically the embodiment of love .
it is questionable that she believed women to be intellectually deficient and her only interest in masculinity in ‘ the [area] of hate ’ is negative but women for her are symbolically the embodiment of love .

For example , the breasts , waist-lines and hips of the figures of the soul arriving into ‘ The Zone of Love ’ or the kneeling angel to her right , have been very much under-accentuated .
for example , the breasts , waist-lines and hips of the figures of the soul arriving into ‘ the [area] of love ’ or the kneeling angel to her right , have been very much under-accentuated .

Colours are plain and strong which , despite the underlying sketchiness , makes the picture less ephemeral than it seems in black and white and so further removed from the heavenly evocation of ‘ The Zone of Love ’ .
colours are plain and strong which , despite the underlying sketchiness , makes the picture less ephemeral than it seems in black and white and so further removed from the heavenly evocation of ‘ the [area] of love ’ .

They spent so much time in Zap Zone at Streatham , scampering about in clouds of dry ice , zapping each other with laser guns , so many hours watching Neighbours or running up and down shopping-malls , playing Super Nintendo , they had probably not had time to go anywhere near a mosque or get their heads round the basics of Islamic education .
they spent so much time in zap [area] at streatham , scampering about in clouds of dry ice , zapping each other with laser guns , so many hours watching neighbours or running up and down shopping-malls , playing super nintendo , they had probably not had time to go anywhere near a mosque or get their heads round the basics of islamic education .

The only thing they wanted to hear was that the prophet had said that everyone could go to Zap Zone and stay there for the rest of their natural lives .
the only thing they wanted to hear was that the prophet had said that everyone could go to zap [area] and stay there for the rest of their natural lives .

Robert thought of the day he had taken Class 1 to Zap Zone , and shuddered .
robert thought of the day he had taken class 1 to zap [area] , and shuddered .

The city centre , the ‘ zone of transition ’ , was where the new immigrants often started their moral careers .
the city centre , the ‘ [area] of transition ’ , was where the new immigrants often started their moral careers .

This was the area of slum , the zone of maximum social and personal deterioration .
this was the area of slum , the [area] of maximum social and personal deterioration .

Where mobility is the greatest , and where in consequence primary controls break down completely , as in the zone of deterioration in the modern city , there develop areas of demoralization , of promiscuity and of vice .
where mobility is the greatest , and where in consequence primary controls break down completely , as in the [area] of deterioration in the modern city , there develop areas of demoralization , of promiscuity and of vice .

In other words , the rapid shift of populations through the zone of transition meant that primary forms of community and social control were collapsing .
in other words , the rapid shift of populations through the [area] of transition meant that primary forms of community and social control were collapsing .

For pleasure and stimulation in this zone of transition many people turned to a criminal way of life .
for pleasure and stimulation in this [area] of transition many people turned to a criminal way of life .

These same regions might well be viewed rather differently by gang members who ( by choice or otherwise ) stay in the transitional zone .
these same regions might well be viewed rather differently by gang members who ( by choice or otherwise ) stay in the transitional [area] .

This zone may well be the front zone where they attempt to gain the respect of other gang members .
this [area] may well be the front [area] where they attempt to gain the respect of other gang members .

In the South Wales case , for example , there is a zone called the ‘ golden triangle ’ which is widely perceived as especially attuned to the specifications of the new , ‘ high tec ’ , mainly Japanese industries .
in the south wales case , for example , there is a [area] called the ‘ golden triangle ’ which is widely perceived as especially attuned to the specifications of the new , ‘ high tec ’ , mainly japanese industries .

The recipients of welfare concentrated in this highly segregated zone are no doubt subject to the direct surveillance of state officialdom .
the recipients of welfare concentrated in this highly segregated [area] are no doubt subject to the direct surveillance of state officialdom .

‘ District 34 as far as environs of Kursk ’ , ‘ Moscow Central and dispersed centres of Government whatever their location ’ , ‘ Coastal Zone 40 ’ .
‘ district 34 as far as environs of kursk ’ , ‘ moscow central and dispersed centres of government whatever their location ’ , ‘ coastal [area] 40 ’ .

Are we going to demilitarise our Zone there ?
are we going to demilitarise our [area] there ?

Keith goes for the goal line , looks around , he 's all by himself in the end zone and he does his patented wiggle , the ancient dance of triumph and sex , all hips and contained muscle and bursting joy , forget the penalty , celebrating his touchdown and his run and his body , and little Jimmy Grady from the fourth year is standing on the path looking at him .
keith goes for the goal line , looks around , he 's all by himself in the end [area] and he does his patented wiggle , the ancient dance of triumph and sex , all hips and contained muscle and bursting joy , forget the penalty , celebrating his touchdown and his run and his body , and little jimmy grady from the fourth year is standing on the path looking at him .

We 've left the radiant spring weather miles behind us , or entered into some especially unfavoured zone .
we 've left the radiant spring weather miles behind us , or entered into some especially unfavoured [area] .

While that took shape , they organised a massive dump-clearing campaign , with voluntary teams working in each zone .
while that took shape , they organised a massive dump-clearing campaign , with voluntary teams working in each [area] .

’ The words belong to Paul Highsmith , who taught in England and Wales for six years but now teaches in the liberated zone of the emerging East African nation of Eritrea .
’ the words belong to paul highsmith , who taught in england and wales for six years but now teaches in the liberated [area] of the emerging east african nation of eritrea .

In Kitwe city centre normality ceased altogether and the area resembled a war zone .
in kitwe city centre normality ceased altogether and the area resembled a war [area] .

Peasants who have returned to their lands in the heart of El Salvador 's war zone are celebrating the first anniversary of a daring experiment .
peasants who have returned to their lands in the heart of el salvador 's war [area] are celebrating the first anniversary of a daring experiment .

The health of 2.6 million people in the Silesian Industrial Zone in south-west Poland is endangered by industrial filth .
the health of 2.6 million people in the silesian industrial [area] in south-west poland is endangered by industrial filth .

He will also be aware of the fact that the Inverclyde enterprise zone is within Renfrewshire , and will be aware of the existence and extreme competence of the Renfrewshire enterprise company .
he will also be aware of the fact that the inverclyde enterprise [area] is within renfrewshire , and will be aware of the existence and extreme competence of the renfrewshire enterprise company .

But she had already felt the tremor of unstable ground beneath her feet and , throwing herself back from the danger zone , she was in time to prevent herself falling into the stream .
but she had already felt the tremor of unstable ground beneath her feet and , throwing herself back from the danger [area] , she was in time to prevent herself falling into the stream .

Now that the German Government have signalled their intention in the foreseeable future to recognise Croatia , would not it be a morally important statement for the British Government to do likewise and stand alongside this cruelly treated people ? Now that humanitarian sea lanes are to be open , does the Foreign Secretary accept that there may also be merit in the British Government promoting the idea of an internationally enforced sky protection zone over Croatia to prevent incursions and the further bombardment of Croatian cities ? Such a sky shield would protect people from further massacre and the destruction of Croatia 's heritage .
now that the german government have signalled their intention in the foreseeable future to recognise croatia , would not it be a morally important statement for the british government to do likewise and stand alongside this cruelly treated people ? now that humanitarian sea lanes are to be open , does the foreign secretary accept that there may also be merit in the british government promoting the idea of an internationally enforced sky protection [area] over croatia to prevent incursions and the further bombardment of croatian cities ? such a sky shield would protect people from further massacre and the destruction of croatia 's heritage .

Will he turn his mind to the serious short-term problems : first , the problem that will be caused for the existing development project by the delayed decision on an enterprise zone and , secondly , the problem that the Lanarkshire development agency and Scottish Enterprise will have because of the Government 's obsession with annuality in the money that they give .
will he turn his mind to the serious short-term problems : first , the problem that will be caused for the existing development project by the delayed decision on an enterprise [area] and , secondly , the problem that the lanarkshire development agency and scottish enterprise will have because of the government 's obsession with annuality in the money that they give .

One certainly would not understand that the real choice was between de facto membership of a deutschmark zone in which we would have no influence and membership of a single currency system in which we would have a stake .
one certainly would not understand that the real choice was between de facto membership of a deutschmark [area] in which we would have no influence and membership of a single currency system in which we would have a stake .

As he illustrates , in Harsnett 's case the theatre was a : ‘ symbolically charged zone of pollution , disease , and licentious entertainment ’ .
as he illustrates , in harsnett 's case the theatre was a : ‘ symbolically charged [area] of pollution , disease , and licentious entertainment ’ .

By ‘ placing ’ exorcism in such a zone , state institutions ( which Greenblatt equates with Harsnett 's text ) can attempt to contain what is potentially disruptive to the state ; eliminating , in this case , charismatic religious groups as a potential threat to the established Church .
by ‘ placing ’ exorcism in such a [area] , state institutions ( which greenblatt equates with harsnett 's text ) can attempt to contain what is potentially disruptive to the state ; eliminating , in this case , charismatic religious groups as a potential threat to the established church .

The argument is clearest in its application to the theatre : recall Harsnett 's view that the theatre was a zone of pollution and licence , one capable of being managed by locating it in a designated place on the social periphery .
the argument is clearest in its application to the theatre : recall harsnett 's view that the theatre was a [area] of pollution and licence , one capable of being managed by locating it in a designated place on the social periphery .

In a large fenced-off security zone , drums pile up to the level of a two storey house .
in a large fenced-off security [area] , drums pile up to the level of a two storey house .

There were only nine or ten other wives ; most officers had chosen not to bring their spouses to what was still a danger zone .
there were only nine or ten other wives ; most officers had chosen not to bring their spouses to what was still a danger [area] .

Driving to the sterilised zone in which the malais had reconstructed a thatched Danuese village complete with miniature ricebarns , one of the two Americans turned and said to me : ‘ Sir , tell me , truly , do you think the Integration has been a good thing for your country ? ’
driving to the sterilised [area] in which the malais had reconstructed a thatched danuese village complete with miniature ricebarns , one of the two americans turned and said to me : ‘ sir , tell me , truly , do you think the integration has been a good thing for your country ? ’

Experimentally combining two unimodal sediments produces not a two-fold linear pattern , but a three-fold one , the central segment forming in the size overlap zone .
experimentally combining two unimodal sediments produces not a two-fold linear pattern , but a three-fold one , the central segment forming in the size overlap [area] .

Near-surface diagenetic environments are further subdivided depending on whether the pore spaces are saturated with fluids , within the phreatic zone , or whether they lie above the water table so are partially fluid filled and partially gas filled , within the vadose zone ( Fig .
near-surface diagenetic environments are further subdivided depending on whether the pore spaces are saturated with fluids , within the phreatic [area] , or whether they lie above the water table so are partially fluid filled and partially gas filled , within the vadose [area] ( fig .

Mechanical compaction and brittle failure may also take place after cementation , both as a result of shrinkage , expansion , and subsequent fracturing beneath a soil zone ( Fig .
mechanical compaction and brittle failure may also take place after cementation , both as a result of shrinkage , expansion , and subsequent fracturing beneath a soil [area] ( fig .

Solution compaction along seams may involve dissolution of considerable volumes of minerals , commonly quartz and calcite ; these solutes may locally source cementation , lessening the permeability of the zone surrounding the solution seams ( Wong & oldershaw , 1981 ) .
solution compaction along seams may involve dissolution of considerable volumes of minerals , commonly quartz and calcite ; these solutes may locally source cementation , lessening the permeability of the [area] surrounding the solution seams ( wong & oldershaw , 1981 ) .

5.16e ) , where expansion and or dissolution around grain margins has occurred beneath a soil zone .
5.16e ) , where expansion and or dissolution around grain margins has occurred beneath a soil [area] .

McBride ( 1985,1986 ) detailed dissolution and grain modification from the zone of weathering to the deep subsurface of heavy mineral grains , rock fragments and feldspars , resulting in an apparent composition very different from the original ( Fig .
mcbride ( 1985,1986 ) detailed dissolution and grain modification from the [area] of weathering to the deep subsurface of heavy mineral grains , rock fragments and feldspars , resulting in an apparent composition very different from the original ( fig .

‘ In 1945 , ’ Husband said , ‘ they were trading cigarettes-which were better than gold in those days — for party cards and affidavits that they 'd always been true Worker Youths-once they found themselves in the Russian Zone .
‘ in 1945 , ’ husband said , ‘ they were trading cigarettes-which were better than gold in those days — for party cards and affidavits that they 'd always been true worker youths-once they found themselves in the russian [area] .

Apart from anything else , he was n't even in the Russian Zone to begin with .
apart from anything else , he was n't even in the russian [area] to begin with .

Various models of urban structure were looked at , and the possibility of applying the Burgess model and using the ‘ Transitional Zone ’ as the second zone .
various models of urban structure were looked at , and the possibility of applying the burgess model and using the ‘ transitional [area] ’ as the second [area] .

The transitional zone in Burgess ' model , consists of mixed and changing land-use , with terrace housing being encroached upon by light industry .
the transitional [area] in burgess ' model , consists of mixed and changing land-use , with terrace housing being encroached upon by light industry .

Transition zone — mix of old housing and light industry .
transition [area] — mix of old housing and light industry .

In the city centre however , St Anne 's , Radford and Sneinton are all former slum areas which are consistent with Burgess ' low class residential zone .
in the city centre however , st anne 's , radford and sneinton are all former slum areas which are consistent with burgess ' low class residential [area] .

Plenty of evidence for the misbehaviour of , in this case , a very substantial minority ( have you ever , like me , driven at 30 in a 30mph zone and been constantly overtaken , even glared at for going too slowly ? )
plenty of evidence for the misbehaviour of , in this case , a very substantial minority ( have you ever , like me , driven at 30 in a 30mph [area] and been constantly overtaken , even glared at for going too slowly ? )

All this turned out to have long-term significance for Charles the Bald , for much of this region was to be the central zone of his future kingdom .
all this turned out to have long-term significance for charles the bald , for much of this region was to be the central [area] of his future kingdom .

The Red Light Zone ( as we do n't call it )
the red light [area] ( as we do n't call it )

( named for the Colonel , not the Zone ) .
( named for the colonel , not the [area] ) .

In the Republican zone , power remained in civilian hands and democratic forms were maintained until the end .
in the republican [area] , power remained in civilian hands and democratic forms were maintained until the end .

Certainly , the Comunión , too , was split into two main factions , but , in contrast to the Falange , its organizational structure was intact and its top men were in the Nationalist zone .
certainly , the comunión , too , was split into two main factions , but , in contrast to the falange , its organizational structure was intact and its top men were in the nationalist [area] .

Whilst the crisis which led to the unification was brewing in the Nationalist zone , a similar struggle for internal control was under way within the Republican ranks .
whilst the crisis which led to the unification was brewing in the nationalist [area] , a similar struggle for internal control was under way within the republican ranks .

Franco had relied heavily on Serrano Suñer for political advice and ideas since the arrival of the latter in the Nationalist zone during the Civil War .
franco had relied heavily on serrano suñer for political advice and ideas since the arrival of the latter in the nationalist [area] during the civil war .

Although many adjectives can , in this phrase or that , be unambiguously assigned to ascriptive use or associative use there is undoubtedly a border zone where adjectives can be interpreted either way ; there will be many phrases for which both interpretations can be mapped onto the same single situation , not just in some particular token occurrences , but in all cases .
although many adjectives can , in this phrase or that , be unambiguously assigned to ascriptive use or associative use there is undoubtedly a border [area] where adjectives can be interpreted either way ; there will be many phrases for which both interpretations can be mapped onto the same single situation , not just in some particular token occurrences , but in all cases .

Some palaeontological works are systematic ; that is to say , they describe a particular fossil , or group of fossils ; or they are used stratigraphically , to delimit a geological zone within a particular time period , so that the age of a sedimentary sequence can be determined .
some palaeontological works are systematic ; that is to say , they describe a particular fossil , or group of fossils ; or they are used stratigraphically , to delimit a geological [area] within a particular time period , so that the age of a sedimentary sequence can be determined .

On June 10 , Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze had met North Ossetian Supreme Soviet chair Akhsarbek Galazov to sign a protocol on a ceasefire in the conflict zone .
on june 10 , georgian president eduard shevardnadze had met north ossetian supreme soviet chair akhsarbek galazov to sign a protocol on a ceasefire in the conflict [area] .

On July 14-17 the area of An-Najah University in Nablus was surrounded by Israeli soldiers and declared a closed military zone .
on july 14-17 the area of an-najah university in nablus was surrounded by israeli soldiers and declared a closed military [area] .

The Caracas Declaration , providing a framework for the creation by January 1992 of a free-trade zone between the five Andean Pact member countries ( Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Venezuela ) was signed by the presidents of these five countries on May 18 at an Andean Pact summit meeting in Caracas , the Venezuelan capital .
the caracas declaration , providing a framework for the creation by january 1992 of a free-trade [area] between the five andean pact member countries ( bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru and venezuela ) was signed by the presidents of these five countries on may 18 at an andean pact summit meeting in caracas , the venezuelan capital .

The Declaration envisaged the abolition of all tariffs within the zone , although Ecuador was to be permitted to dismantle its strongly protectionist system in two stages — 50 per cent of its tariffs would be lifted by the end of 1991 , and the remainder by June 30 , 1992 .
the declaration envisaged the abolition of all tariffs within the [area] , although ecuador was to be permitted to dismantle its strongly protectionist system in two stages — 50 per cent of its tariffs would be lifted by the end of 1991 , and the remainder by june 30 , 1992 .

By 1995 the zone was expected to be operating as a fully integrated common market of 90,000,000 people .
by 1995 the [area] was expected to be operating as a fully integrated common market of 90,000,000 people .

There were reports of renewed tension between allied and government forces in the north , prompted in part by speculation that the allies intended to extend the " safe haven " zone [ see p. 38127-28 ] .
there were reports of renewed tension between allied and government forces in the north , prompted in part by speculation that the allies intended to extend the " safe haven " [area] [ see p. 38127-28 ] .

On May 21 , Israeli tanks reportedly pushed north across their self-declared `` security zone `` in southern Lebanon .
on may 21 , israeli tanks reportedly pushed north across their self-declared `` security [area] `` in southern lebanon .

In 1990 the Colón free trade zone , second only to Hong Kong as a duty-free trading port , handled a record $ 5,800 million worth of business .
in 1990 the colón free trade [area] , second only to hong kong as a duty-free trading port , handled a record $ 5,800 million worth of business .

Both sides agreed to share information and undertook the support of joint research and the more effective policing of the fishing zone .
both sides agreed to share information and undertook the support of joint research and the more effective policing of the fishing [area] .

On Aug. 17 , the Australian Foreign Affairs Minister , Gareth Evans announced that his government would introduce legislation at the end of 1990 banning mining in the Australian zone , totalling about 42 per cent of Antarctica .
on aug. 17 , the australian foreign affairs minister , gareth evans announced that his government would introduce legislation at the end of 1990 banning mining in the australian [area] , totalling about 42 per cent of antarctica .

Under the agreement half of the Chimanes forest was designated a `` permanent production zone `` i.e .
under the agreement half of the chimanes forest was designated a `` permanent production [area] `` i.e .

It found that the small South Island-based tribe had an exclusive right to fish virtually all of the South Island coastline , as well as the right to a reasonable share of the country 's 200-mile deep-water fishing zone .
it found that the small south island-based tribe had an exclusive right to fish virtually all of the south island coastline , as well as the right to a reasonable share of the country 's 200-mile deep-water fishing [area] .

The two parties were reported to have agreed in principle to create a customs union and a currency zone in which future separate currencies would be linked by a fixed exchange rate .
the two parties were reported to have agreed in principle to create a customs union and a currency [area] in which future separate currencies would be linked by a fixed exchange rate .

Establishment of air exclusion zone
establishment of air exclusion [area]

In its first official comment on Aug. 20 Iraq denounced Western plans for an aerial exclusion zone as an " imperialist conspiracy " aimed at dismembering the country , and claimed that the scheme had been devised with the active co-operation of Iran [ see also below ] .
in its first official comment on aug. 20 iraq denounced western plans for an aerial exclusion [area] as an " imperialist conspiracy " aimed at dismembering the country , and claimed that the scheme had been devised with the active co-operation of iran [ see also below ] .

On Aug. 23 official statements from Algeria , Jordan , Libya , Sudan , Syria , Yemen and the Arab League also stressed the importance of maintaining Iraq 's territorial integrity and warned that the exclusion zone plan would heighten regional tension .
on aug. 23 official statements from algeria , jordan , libya , sudan , syria , yemen and the arab league also stressed the importance of maintaining iraq 's territorial integrity and warned that the exclusion [area] plan would heighten regional tension .

Reports in late August indicated that while the enforcement of the air exclusion zone had proved effective , there appeared to have been an intensification of the government 's ground campaign against Shia rebels .
reports in late august indicated that while the enforcement of the air exclusion [area] had proved effective , there appeared to have been an intensification of the government 's ground campaign against shia rebels .

On Dec. 19 , Israeli forces crossed over the `` security zone `` border in southern Lebanon to abduct three Lebanese `` terrorist suspects `` from the Jibshit area .
on dec. 19 , israeli forces crossed over the `` security [area] `` border in southern lebanon to abduct three lebanese `` terrorist suspects `` from the jibshit area .

Hezbollah claimed to have killed some members of a joint Israeli-SLA patrol in a bomb attack in the `` security zone `` on Jan. 17 .
hezbollah claimed to have killed some members of a joint israeli-sla patrol in a bomb attack in the `` security [area] `` on jan. 17 .

It warned , however , that close surveillance of the border would continue , and it called for the creation of a `` security zone `` 5 km wide inside Iraq .
it warned , however , that close surveillance of the border would continue , and it called for the creation of a `` security [area] `` 5 km wide inside iraq .

Denmark had sent one corvette to the Gulf as well as gas masks to Turkey and Israel and medical teams to the war zone .
denmark had sent one corvette to the gulf as well as gas masks to turkey and israel and medical teams to the war [area] .

We must continue to expand America 's exports … and move towards a free trade zone throughout this entire hemisphere .
we must continue to expand america 's exports … and move towards a free trade [area] throughout this entire hemisphere .

The ruling allocated the islands an exclusive economic zone of 8,700 sq km ( 3,600 sq miles ) , about a quarter of what France had sought .
the ruling allocated the islands an exclusive economic [area] of 8,700 sq km ( 3,600 sq miles ) , about a quarter of what france had sought .

Le Monde of June 12 described the zone as `` a strange mushroom shape `` , varying in width from 12 to 24 nautical miles around the islands and with a corridor 10.5 miles wide ( i.e .
le monde of june 12 described the [area] as `` a strange mushroom shape `` , varying in width from 12 to 24 nautical miles around the islands and with a corridor 10.5 miles wide ( i.e .

France had claimed a zone extending 200 miles from the islands , while Canada had advocated a 12-mile limit .
france had claimed a [area] extending 200 miles from the islands , while canada had advocated a 12-mile limit .

Rouble zone banking officials met in Tallinn on June 5-6 , when a clearing agreement was signed with Ukraine .
rouble [area] banking officials met in tallinn on june 5-6 , when a clearing agreement was signed with ukraine .

Russia , planning to unify its internal rouble exchange rates from July 1 , needed specific agreements on whether states would stay within the rouble zone , and on procedures for the introduction of separate currencies by different republic [ see below for agreement with Ukraine ] .
russia , planning to unify its internal rouble exchange rates from july 1 , needed specific agreements on whether states would stay within the rouble [area] , and on procedures for the introduction of separate currencies by different republic [ see below for agreement with ukraine ] .

He said that the map put Famagusta and the area of Morphou within the Greek Cypriot zone .
he said that the map put famagusta and the area of morphou within the greek cypriot [area] .

Osijek , Vinkovci and Pakrac in the east experienced bombardments of unprecedented severity during the night of Sept. 11-12 , and Kostajnica ( on the Croatia-Bosnia border 60 miles south of Zagreb ) fell to Serbian forces on Sept. 12 , bringing a section of Bosnia into the Serbian zone for the first time .
osijek , vinkovci and pakrac in the east experienced bombardments of unprecedented severity during the night of sept. 11-12 , and kostajnica ( on the croatia-bosnia border 60 miles south of zagreb ) fell to serbian forces on sept. 12 , bringing a section of bosnia into the serbian [area] for the first time .

Guatemala had acknowledged Belize 's right to `` self-determination `` in August ; in return the Belizean National Assembly had on Aug. 16 agreed to redefine its maritime boundaries , reducing them to a three-mile zone .
guatemala had acknowledged belize 's right to `` self-determination `` in august ; in return the belizean national assembly had on aug. 16 agreed to redefine its maritime boundaries , reducing them to a three-mile [area] .

On Sept. 5 Belize also guaranteed Guatemala ( i ) permanent access to the Caribbean from the adjacent Guatemalan department of Petén ; ( ii ) the use of port facilities , especially that of Big Creek for the export of bananas ; and ( iii ) the right to participate in joint ventures such as oil exploration in Belize 's maritime exclusive economic zone .
on sept. 5 belize also guaranteed guatemala ( i ) permanent access to the caribbean from the adjacent guatemalan department of petén ; ( ii ) the use of port facilities , especially that of big creek for the export of bananas ; and ( iii ) the right to participate in joint ventures such as oil exploration in belize 's maritime exclusive economic [area] .

The conference also resolved to express concern over the nuclear " threat " posed by Israel and to press for a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East .
the conference also resolved to express concern over the nuclear " threat " posed by israel and to press for a nuclear-free [area] in the middle east .

In July an announcement by the Turkish authorities of their intention to settle the deserted Greek town of Varossi ( in the Turkish-occupied zone ) heightened tension , as did the decision to settle ethnic Turkish Moslem refugees from Bulgaria in other Turkish-occupied towns .
in july an announcement by the turkish authorities of their intention to settle the deserted greek town of varossi ( in the turkish-occupied [area] ) heightened tension , as did the decision to settle ethnic turkish moslem refugees from bulgaria in other turkish-occupied towns .

The Federal Republic of Germany was constituted in 1949 from the three western zones of occupied Germany ; on Oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former German Democratic Republic ( created in 1949 from the Soviet-occupied eastern zone ) and by Berlin ( previously under four-power administration ) .
the federal republic of germany was constituted in 1949 from the three western zones of occupied germany ; on oct. 3 , 1990 , it was joined by the territory of the former german democratic republic ( created in 1949 from the soviet-occupied eastern [area] ) and by berlin ( previously under four-power administration ) .

The North American Free Trade Zone ( Nafta ) was envisaged as stretching from the Yukon to the Yucatán peninsula [ for background see pp .
the north american free trade [area] ( nafta ) was envisaged as stretching from the yukon to the yucatán peninsula [ for background see pp .

Coronation Hill lay within the remote Kakadu Conservation Zone , adjacent to the 1,900,00-hectare Kakadu National Park .
coronation hill lay within the remote kakadu conservation [area] , adjacent to the 1,900,00-hectare kakadu national park .

Principal trading partners mostly franc zone and Western Europe
principal trading partners mostly franc [area] and western europe

Withdrawal of franc zone application
withdrawal of franc [area] application

Export-processing zone
export-processing [area]

Tariff barriers on basic grains were to be eliminated across the region by the end of the year , and duties on all agricultural produce by June 1992 ; duties on most other products should be held below a 20 per cent ceiling from the beginning of 1993 . During the summit , Guatemala and El Salvador also signed a declaration of intent to establish a bilateral free trade zone
tariff barriers on basic grains were to be eliminated across the region by the end of the year , and duties on all agricultural produce by june 1992 ; duties on most other products should be held below a 20 per cent ceiling from the beginning of 1993 . during the summit , guatemala and el salvador also signed a declaration of intent to establish a bilateral free trade [area]

Colombia , Mexico and Venezuela also signed an agreement `` of intent `` , scheduled to be finalized in Colombia in December 1991 , to establish a common free trade zone operative from January 1992 .
colombia , mexico and venezuela also signed an agreement `` of intent `` , scheduled to be finalized in colombia in december 1991 , to establish a common free trade [area] operative from january 1992 .

Li Peng and the Egyptian Prime Minister , Atef Sidki , agreed in talks that the Middle East should be declared a zone free from weapons of mass destruction .
li peng and the egyptian prime minister , atef sidki , agreed in talks that the middle east should be declared a [area] free from weapons of mass destruction .

The force was regarded as a necessary guarantee to deter incursions by the Iraqi army into the zone of northern Iraq where coalition troops had from April until July been providing protection for Iraqi Kurds [ see pp .
the force was regarded as a necessary guarantee to deter incursions by the iraqi army into the [area] of northern iraq where coalition troops had from april until july been providing protection for iraqi kurds [ see pp .

Hezbollah forces launched at least three attacks in Israel 's `` security zone `` during early July .
hezbollah forces launched at least three attacks in israel 's `` security [area] `` during early july .

Exports from the neutral zone shared with Saudi Arabia had started in June [ see p. 38309 ] .
exports from the neutral [area] shared with saudi arabia had started in june [ see p. 38309 ] .

On March 16 , Nigeria 's External Affairs Minister , Maj.-Gen. ( retd ) Ike Nwachukwu , drove to Kakata , in a NPFL-held zone north of Monrovia , to urge Taylor to attend .
on march 16 , nigeria 's external affairs minister , maj.-gen. ( retd ) ike nwachukwu , drove to kakata , in a npfl-held [area] north of monrovia , to urge taylor to attend .

In a speech to the European Parliament on March 21 he declared : " It is in the West 's own interest to seek the integration of eastern and central Europe into the family of European democracy because otherwise it risks creating a zone of hopelessness , instability and chaos , which would threaten western Europe every bit as much as the Warsaw Pact tank divisions of old . "
in a speech to the european parliament on march 21 he declared : " it is in the west 's own interest to seek the integration of eastern and central europe into the family of european democracy because otherwise it risks creating a [area] of hopelessness , instability and chaos , which would threaten western europe every bit as much as the warsaw pact tank divisions of old . "

On an official visit to the Soviet Union on March 11-16 President Özal broached the subject of a Black Sea economic co-operation zone , which he said might be extended to include those Soviet republics in which Turkic languages were spoken .
on an official visit to the soviet union on march 11-16 president özal broached the subject of a black sea economic co-operation [area] , which he said might be extended to include those soviet republics in which turkic languages were spoken .

On March 21 , Israeli commandos infiltrated southern Lebanon north of the " security zone " ( created by Israel in 1985 ) , killing two people in the village of Louwaizeh who were alleged to be pro-Iranian Hezbollah guerrillas .
on march 21 , israeli commandos infiltrated southern lebanon north of the " security [area] " ( created by israel in 1985 ) , killing two people in the village of louwaizeh who were alleged to be pro-iranian hezbollah guerrillas .

Protest strikes against living conditions included those by teachers , miners and Tirana 's transport workers , as well as a general strike in the copper mining district of Puke in support of its demand to become a free economic zone .
protest strikes against living conditions included those by teachers , miners and tirana 's transport workers , as well as a general strike in the copper mining district of puke in support of its demand to become a free economic [area] .

On Oct. 11 the Kuwait government began to allow `` scores `` of the approximately 12,000 refugees at Abdali camp in the demilitarized zone on the Kuwaiti-Iraqi border to enter Kuwait , having verified that they were previous residents and had family in Kuwait .
on oct. 11 the kuwait government began to allow `` scores `` of the approximately 12,000 refugees at abdali camp in the demilitarized [area] on the kuwaiti-iraqi border to enter kuwait , having verified that they were previous residents and had family in kuwait .

Israel was reported to have stepped up military activity in the " security zone " in early October , including the shelling of villages and the overflight of Lebanese territory by the Israeli airforce .
israel was reported to have stepped up military activity in the " security [area] " in early october , including the shelling of villages and the overflight of lebanese territory by the israeli airforce .

On Feb. 18 Hezbollah launched a wave of rocket and artillery attacks ; 40 Katyusha rockets hit northern Israel , and another 25 landed in the `` security zone `` .
on feb. 18 hezbollah launched a wave of rocket and artillery attacks ; 40 katyusha rockets hit northern israel , and another 25 landed in the `` security [area] `` .

Establishment of free-trade zone
establishment of free-trade [area]

Construction began on Feb. 6 of Vietnam 's first free-trade zone , a $ 90,000,000 joint venture with two Taiwan partners in the southern outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City .
construction began on feb. 6 of vietnam 's first free-trade [area] , a $ 90,000,000 joint venture with two taiwan partners in the southern outskirts of ho chi minh city .

The Tan Thuan manufacturing and processing zone , to be built over six years , would offer favourable tax terms and import and export duty exemptions .
the tan thuan manufacturing and processing [area] , to be built over six years , would offer favourable tax terms and import and export duty exemptions .

Seventh round of Premiers ' talks — Armed clash in Demilitarized Zone
seventh round of premiers ' talks — armed clash in demilitarized [area]

This pact called for the rival forces , confronting each other in the south of the city , to pull back and allow a neutral force under the control of the interim government to establish a buffer zone .
this pact called for the rival forces , confronting each other in the south of the city , to pull back and allow a neutral force under the control of the interim government to establish a buffer [area] .

Byelarus introduced its own internal currency , the rubel , on May 25 , six days ahead of schedule ; the chair of the National Bank , Stanislav Bogdankevich , denied that Byelarus was leaving the rouble zone .
byelarus introduced its own internal currency , the rubel , on may 25 , six days ahead of schedule ; the chair of the national bank , stanislav bogdankevich , denied that byelarus was leaving the rouble [area] .

Israel launched a series of air attacks on Hezbollah villages to the north and west of the zone on May 25-26 , killing up to 25 people , including women and children .
israel launched a series of air attacks on hezbollah villages to the north and west of the [area] on may 25-26 , killing up to 25 people , including women and children .

An Israeli soldier was killed on May 27 in an ambush near Arnun in the `` security zone `` .
an israeli soldier was killed on may 27 in an ambush near arnun in the `` security [area] `` .

Curfews were imposed on the Strip and the area was declared a closed military zone .
curfews were imposed on the strip and the area was declared a closed military [area] .

It was also agreed to establish a North-South Liaison Office at the neutral village of Panmunjom ( within the Demilitarized Zone separating the two states ) within three months .
it was also agreed to establish a north-south liaison office at the neutral village of panmunjom ( within the demilitarized [area] separating the two states ) within three months .

Under the terms of the pact Taiwan was permitted to operate 20 fishing vessels within Kiribati 's economic zone in return for annual payments of $ 250,000 .
under the terms of the pact taiwan was permitted to operate 20 fishing vessels within kiribati 's economic [area] in return for annual payments of $ 250,000 .

In early September the neutral mujaheddin elements who had brokered the ceasefire created a buffer zone between Hekmatyar 's forces and those of the government .
in early september the neutral mujaheddin elements who had brokered the ceasefire created a buffer [area] between hekmatyar 's forces and those of the government .

In an interview with the Financial Times of Sept. 24 , Gaidar said that in order to tighten monetary policy the government needed to carry out ( i ) a negotiated exit from the rouble zone by countries creating their own currencies [ see below for Russia 's suspension of financial transactions with Ukraine ] ; ( ii ) a reduction of Russian central bank credits to state enterprises ; and ( iii ) a swift privatization of large state enterprises .
in an interview with the financial times of sept. 24 , gaidar said that in order to tighten monetary policy the government needed to carry out ( i ) a negotiated exit from the rouble [area] by countries creating their own currencies [ see below for russia 's suspension of financial transactions with ukraine ] ; ( ii ) a reduction of russian central bank credits to state enterprises ; and ( iii ) a swift privatization of large state enterprises .

Tacit compliance with air exclusion zone
tacit compliance with air exclusion [area]

The Iraqi government on Sept. 1 reinforced its orders directing the air force to keep away from the air exclusion zone enforced by the Western allies south of the 32nd parallel [ see p. 39069 ] , and instructed ground forces not to fire at Western aircraft .
the iraqi government on sept. 1 reinforced its orders directing the air force to keep away from the air exclusion [area] enforced by the western allies south of the 32nd parallel [ see p. 39069 ] , and instructed ground forces not to fire at western aircraft .

Escalation of Western military pressure , he said , `` risks turning this exclusion zone into an explosion zone … harmful to the interests of the West and the Arab world `` .
escalation of western military pressure , he said , `` risks turning this exclusion [area] into an explosion [area] … harmful to the interests of the west and the arab world `` .

In what was construed by observers as a blow to Iraq , the communiqué welcomed the restoration of Kuwait 's sovereignty and omitted any mention of the Western air exclusion zone over southern Iraq .
in what was construed by observers as a blow to iraq , the communiqué welcomed the restoration of kuwait 's sovereignty and omitted any mention of the western air exclusion [area] over southern iraq .

He was rebuked by Leonid Kravchuk , the Ukrainian President , who then announced that Ukraine would leave the rouble zone on Oct. 1 .
he was rebuked by leonid kravchuk , the ukrainian president , who then announced that ukraine would leave the rouble [area] on oct. 1 .

Czechoslovakia , Hungary and Poland , co-operating on economic and other issues within the Visegrad Three group , agreed at a meeting in Budapest on Nov. 2 to establish a free-trade zone from Jan. 1 , 1993 .
czechoslovakia , hungary and poland , co-operating on economic and other issues within the visegrad three group , agreed at a meeting in budapest on nov. 2 to establish a free-trade [area] from jan. 1 , 1993 .

Hezbollah responded by firing Katyusha rockets across Israel 's self-declared `` security zone `` into the Galilee panhandle and western Galilee .
hezbollah responded by firing katyusha rockets across israel 's self-declared `` security [area] `` into the galilee panhandle and western galilee .

The government maintained pressure on the rebels by declaring an exclusion zone around Bougainville and blockading all supplies to the island .
the government maintained pressure on the rebels by declaring an exclusion [area] around bougainville and blockading all supplies to the island .

The United States , following a major review of its strategic stance in the region in the second half of 1989 , maintained its refusal to sign the protocols to the 1985 Treaty of Rarotonga , which made the Pacific a nuclear-free zone [ see p. 33855 ] , despite the improvement in its relations with the Soviet Union .
the united states , following a major review of its strategic stance in the region in the second half of 1989 , maintained its refusal to sign the protocols to the 1985 treaty of rarotonga , which made the pacific a nuclear-free [area] [ see p. 33855 ] , despite the improvement in its relations with the soviet union .

However , the Israeli High Court eventually endorsed the action and , in the early hours of Dec. 18 , the Palestinians were driven to the northern edge of Israel 's self-declared `` security zone `` in southern Lebanon and forced north into Lebanese-controlled territory .
however , the israeli high court eventually endorsed the action and , in the early hours of dec. 18 , the palestinians were driven to the northern edge of israel 's self-declared `` security [area] `` in southern lebanon and forced north into lebanese-controlled territory .

Acting on the orders of their government , Lebanese soldiers prevented the Palestinians from entering border villages and ordered them back into the strip of `` no-man 's land `` separating the `` security zone `` from Lebanon proper .
acting on the orders of their government , lebanese soldiers prevented the palestinians from entering border villages and ordered them back into the strip of `` no-man 's land `` separating the `` security [area] `` from lebanon proper .

On Dec. 21 Lebanese troops pushed the deportees further south , back towards the `` security zone `` .
on dec. 21 lebanese troops pushed the deportees further south , back towards the `` security [area] `` .

Two more Iraqi fighters crossing into the zone on Dec. 28 were chased north without damage .
two more iraqi fighters crossing into the [area] on dec. 28 were chased north without damage .

The Rift Valley , the scene of the clashes involving Moi 's minority Kalenjin people , was described a war zone .
the rift valley , the scene of the clashes involving moi 's minority kalenjin people , was described a war [area] .

Moldovan presidential advisers suggested that a special economic zone be introduced in the Dnestr region and that the introduction of Moldovan as the official language be delayed there until 2000 .
moldovan presidential advisers suggested that a special economic [area] be introduced in the dnestr region and that the introduction of moldovan as the official language be delayed there until 2000 .

Hezbollah on Oct. 25 attacked an Israeli personnel carrier in Israel 's self-declared `` security zone `` , killing five Israeli soldiers and seriously wounding five others .
hezbollah on oct. 25 attacked an israeli personnel carrier in israel 's self-declared `` security [area] `` , killing five israeli soldiers and seriously wounding five others .

The Gulf states , including Iran , should be given the task of drawing up regional security arrangements without foreign interference , and the Gulf should be declared a zone free of foreign military presence .
the gulf states , including iran , should be given the task of drawing up regional security arrangements without foreign interference , and the gulf should be declared a [area] free of foreign military presence .

Five consecutive nights of rocket fire into the border zone ( defined by the Israeli army in 1985 and 10-15 km wide ) began on Jan. 28 .
five consecutive nights of rocket fire into the border [area] ( defined by the israeli army in 1985 and 10-15 km wide ) began on jan. 28 .

* Palestinian guerrillas 7,000 In and around Sidon and Tyre Lebanese Forces ( Phalangist ) 10,000 ( active ) Samir Geaga North of greater Beirut Amal ( Shia ) 5,000 ( active ) Nabi Berri Iqlim al-Tuffah ( south ) Hezbollah ( Shia ) 5,000 ( active ) Sheikh Fadlallah ( spiritual leader ) Iqlim al-Tuffah ( south ) Progressive Socialist Party ( Druse ) 3,500-10,000 ( active ) Walid Jumblatt Chouf Mountains South Lebanon Army ( Israeli-proxy ) 2,500 Maj.-Gen. Antoine Lahad Israel 's self-declared " security zone "
* palestinian guerrillas 7,000 in and around sidon and tyre lebanese forces ( phalangist ) 10,000 ( active ) samir geaga north of greater beirut amal ( shia ) 5,000 ( active ) nabi berri iqlim al-tuffah ( south ) hezbollah ( shia ) 5,000 ( active ) sheikh fadlallah ( spiritual leader ) iqlim al-tuffah ( south ) progressive socialist party ( druse ) 3,500-10,000 ( active ) walid jumblatt chouf mountains south lebanon army ( israeli-proxy ) 2,500 maj.-gen. antoine lahad israel 's self-declared " security [area] "

Your public address , voice evacuation system is zoned so you relay the emergency standby message to all zones of the hotel apart from the nightclub zone .
your public address , voice evacuation system is zoned so you relay the emergency standby message to all zones of the hotel apart from the nightclub [area] .

For this zone you use the priority microphone which automatically cuts the amplification in the disco and allows you to address the nightclub guests .
for this [area] you use the priority microphone which automatically cuts the amplification in the disco and allows you to address the nightclub guests .

The raw materials were introduced through openings in the side of the form of dried brickettes which were heated in the firing zone at the base of the slowly revolving kiln .
the raw materials were introduced through openings in the side of the form of dried brickettes which were heated in the firing [area] at the base of the slowly revolving kiln .

These factors may have led to a decrease in the exposure of the colonic mucosa to carcinogens and may have protected the colon and negated any effect of the modest increases in the proliferative zone in the distal colon .
these factors may have led to a decrease in the exposure of the colonic mucosa to carcinogens and may have protected the colon and negated any effect of the modest increases in the proliferative [area] in the distal colon .

Subjects with adenomatous polyps and cancer have an increased cell proliferation and a shift of the proliferative zone towards the apex of the crypt .
subjects with adenomatous polyps and cancer have an increased cell proliferation and a shift of the proliferative [area] towards the apex of the crypt .

It is generally accepted , however , that hyperproliferation of the colorectal mucosa with a shift of the proliferative zone to the upper portion of the crypt is the first step of the sequence .
it is generally accepted , however , that hyperproliferation of the colorectal mucosa with a shift of the proliferative [area] to the upper portion of the crypt is the first step of the sequence .

Overestimation is possible in studies where bopsy specimens from the pyloroduodenal transition zone have been included .
overestimation is possible in studies where bopsy specimens from the pyloroduodenal transition [area] have been included .

By permitting one side of the frame to touch the basement membrane , the subepithelial zone was divided into areas of 0.008 mm , which usually included the whole lamina propria of the villi and the so called ‘ mixed cell zone ’ of the Peyer 's patches domes .
by permitting one side of the frame to touch the basement membrane , the subepithelial [area] was divided into areas of 0.008 mm , which usually included the whole lamina propria of the villi and the so called ‘ mixed cell [area] ’ of the peyer 's patches domes .

We have also invested £1.5 million in two new high quality mechanical engineering workshops — one in the Jebel Ali Free Zone in Dubai and the other in Abu Dhabi .
we have also invested £1.5 million in two new high quality mechanical engineering workshops — one in the jebel ali free [area] in dubai and the other in abu dhabi .

that rules us and that timeless zone the days
that rules us and that timeless [area] the days

In evidence earlier this week Lord Aldington , 75 , formerly Brigadier Toby Lowe , said the first he had heard that the men , women and children sent back from the British-occupied zone of Austria had been tortured and massacred was from Count Tolstoy in 1979 .
in evidence earlier this week lord aldington , 75 , formerly brigadier toby lowe , said the first he had heard that the men , women and children sent back from the british-occupied [area] of austria had been tortured and massacred was from count tolstoy in 1979 .

The decision to interpose Stravinsky 's Suite No 1 for Small Orchestra as a kind of buffer zone between Beethoven 's Leonora No 3 and the Turnage was little short of inspired .
the decision to interpose stravinsky 's suite no 1 for small orchestra as a kind of buffer [area] between beethoven 's leonora no 3 and the turnage was little short of inspired .

The solid education system , full if unexciting shops , the fact that East Germany is socialism 's only economic miracle , ranking among the world 's top 10 industrial countries — it all bores people unspeakably , as much as those triumphal lists of foreign dignitaries attending today 's ceremonies , and the constant reminder that 135 countries recognise the 1945 Soviet occupation zone as a second German state .
the solid education system , full if unexciting shops , the fact that east germany is socialism 's only economic miracle , ranking among the world 's top 10 industrial countries — it all bores people unspeakably , as much as those triumphal lists of foreign dignitaries attending today 's ceremonies , and the constant reminder that 135 countries recognise the 1945 soviet occupation [area] as a second german state .

The German Democratic Republic arose as a retaliation to the Western Allies ' decision to create a German Federal Republic in the Western occupation zone in May 1949 .
the german democratic republic arose as a retaliation to the western allies ' decision to create a german federal republic in the western occupation [area] in may 1949 .

In fact , most living creatures prefer a transition zone of bark , moss , hair , fur or clothes .
in fact , most living creatures prefer a transition [area] of bark , moss , hair , fur or clothes .

Peripheral awareness becomes progressively blurred as it recedes from the foveal zone and adjusts to an overall equilibrium .
peripheral awareness becomes progressively blurred as it recedes from the foveal [area] and adjusts to an overall equilibrium .

Yet the peripheral zone is hypersensitive to sudden change .
yet the peripheral [area] is hypersensitive to sudden change .

There was none of that back-of-the-neck prickle of fear and guilt associated with encountering the zone patrols back at Taler 's Bump .
there was none of that back-of-the-neck prickle of fear and guilt associated with encountering the [area] patrols back at taler 's bump .

Mr Ainis Bormanis , mayor of Valka , said he would ‘ like to have the town as a kind of free economic zone without inner city customs ’ .
mr ainis bormanis , mayor of valka , said he would ‘ like to have the town as a kind of free economic [area] without inner city customs ’ .

The new company , Metropolitan Communications , will initially study the feasibility of modernising services within the ‘ golden ring ’ of major towns around Moscow , St Petersburg and Tyumen Oblast , Russia 's main oil zone .
the new company , metropolitan communications , will initially study the feasibility of modernising services within the ‘ golden ring ’ of major towns around moscow , st petersburg and tyumen oblast , russia 's main oil [area] .

The marathon passes close to the City bomb zone .
the marathon passes close to the city bomb [area] .

International : Britain to provide medics in war zone
international : britain to provide medics in war [area]

Australia has neither and both countries are in a time zone which does not suit the world television audience .
australia has neither and both countries are in a time [area] which does not suit the world television audience .

Micky Adams hit the decisive goal two minutes from time , leaving West Ham still nine points behind Coventry , the club immediately above the relegation zone , with only five matches left to play .
micky adams hit the decisive goal two minutes from time , leaving west ham still nine points behind coventry , the club immediately above the relegation [area] , with only five matches left to play .

The track would be constructed in Zhuhai , a capitalist-style special economic zone bordering Macau , the Portuguese enclave with a long history of grand prix racing .
the track would be constructed in zhuhai , a capitalist-style special economic [area] bordering macau , the portuguese enclave with a long history of grand prix racing .

The Great Britain tourist was in blistering form as he sent Hull spiralling towards the relegation zone and ended his own side 's run of five successive defeats .
the great britain tourist was in blistering form as he sent hull spiralling towards the relegation [area] and ended his own side 's run of five successive defeats .

Stablemate Desert Zone — who has been backed at long odds for the Ever Ready Derby — runs today at Brighton but Cole 's main hope , Great Palm , is not due to reappear until the Dante Stakes next month .
stablemate desert [area] — who has been backed at long odds for the ever ready derby — runs today at brighton but cole 's main hope , great palm , is not due to reappear until the dante stakes next month .

Britain had sunk vast capital sums into the military installations set up in the Suez Canal Zone and at Alexandria to serve the British campaigns in the Mediterranean during the Second World War .
britain had sunk vast capital sums into the military installations set up in the suez canal [area] and at alexandria to serve the british campaigns in the mediterranean during the second world war .

It is not surprising , therefore , that the continuing use of the Canal Zone and Singapore became axiomatic in post-war military planning .
it is not surprising , therefore , that the continuing use of the canal [area] and singapore became axiomatic in post-war military planning .

American political pressure on Churchill in London , and diplomatic help to Nasser in Cairo , resulted in the highly unsatisfactory Anglo-Egyptian Agreement of October 1954 , whereby the military base installations in the Canal Zone were to be handed over to British civilian contractors , and all uniformed personnel were to leave Egypt by the end of March 1956 .
american political pressure on churchill in london , and diplomatic help to nasser in cairo , resulted in the highly unsatisfactory anglo-egyptian agreement of october 1954 , whereby the military base installations in the canal [area] were to be handed over to british civilian contractors , and all uniformed personnel were to leave egypt by the end of march 1956 .

Anthony Eden took over from Churchill in April 1955 as British troops began their withdrawal from the Canal Zone to new bases in Cyprus and Aden , and back to England to reinforce the Strategic Reserve . ( The last troops , in fact , left
anthony eden took over from churchill in april 1955 as british troops began their withdrawal from the canal [area] to new bases in cyprus and aden , and back to england to reinforce the strategic reserve . ( the last troops , in fact , left

Australia was also forced to take a stand on drift-netting when the establishment of the Australian Fishing Zone in 1979 brought under Australian jurisdiction a Taiwanese drift fleet that had been operating , since the mid 1970s , in what had previously been international waters in the Timor and Arafura Seas off northern Australia .
australia was also forced to take a stand on drift-netting when the establishment of the australian fishing [area] in 1979 brought under australian jurisdiction a taiwanese drift fleet that had been operating , since the mid 1970s , in what had previously been international waters in the timor and arafura seas off northern australia .

Her crew were all rescued , but it was discovered that the Delima was not , in fact , a water-carrier , as had originally been claimed , but a support ship for a massive fleet of between 60 and 130 Taiwanese drift-net vessels , fishing for albacore tuna along an area of oceanic upwelling known as the Subtropical Convergence Zone , stretching across the South Pacific in a narrow 300-km ( 200-mile ) band from south of the Cook Islands to south of French Polynesia .
her crew were all rescued , but it was discovered that the delima was not , in fact , a water-carrier , as had originally been claimed , but a support ship for a massive fleet of between 60 and 130 taiwanese drift-net vessels , fishing for albacore tuna along an area of oceanic upwelling known as the subtropical convergence [area] , stretching across the south pacific in a narrow 300-km ( 200-mile ) band from south of the cook islands to south of french polynesia .

The Declaration further resolved to call together an urgent meeting of regional diplomatic , legal and fisheries experts to develop a Convention to establish a South Pacific zone free of drift-net fishing , and called upon Japan and Taiwan ‘ to abandon immediately their damaging drift-net operations .
the declaration further resolved to call together an urgent meeting of regional diplomatic , legal and fisheries experts to develop a convention to establish a south pacific [area] free of drift-net fishing , and called upon japan and taiwan ‘ to abandon immediately their damaging drift-net operations .

Americans , threatened by nothing more bellicose to their north and south than Canada and Mexico , are not accustomed to thinking they are in a battle zone .
americans , threatened by nothing more bellicose to their north and south than canada and mexico , are not accustomed to thinking they are in a battle [area] .

‘ This is an international zone , ’ says a businessman , ‘ we need international protection .
‘ this is an international [area] , ’ says a businessman , ‘ we need international protection .

Polite noises are all that Mr Kaifu and his colleagues would prefer to make about the ‘ Japan Sea development zone ’ .
polite noises are all that mr kaifu and his colleagues would prefer to make about the ‘ japan sea development [area] ’ .

Many of those in the neutral zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait ( where the oil pressure is low ) have already burnt out , others will soon do so .
many of those in the neutral [area] between saudi arabia and kuwait ( where the oil pressure is low ) have already burnt out , others will soon do so .

The autonomy of the Kurdish zone was to be strengthened , in an area expanded to include Kirkuk ; there were to be new and free elections to Kurdish councils ; the Kurds , having asked for a fair share of oil revenue , would be allotted 25–30 % of the total Iraqi budget .
the autonomy of the kurdish [area] was to be strengthened , in an area expanded to include kirkuk ; there were to be new and free elections to kurdish councils ; the kurds , having asked for a fair share of oil revenue , would be allotted 25–30 % of the total iraqi budget .

Iranians , and the Iraqis whom they protect , make huge claims : 500,000 Iraqi Shias slaughtered , and 800,000 hiding in the marshes of southern Iraq — in addition to those who have sought safety in Iran , or in the buffer zone along the Kuwaiti border .
iranians , and the iraqis whom they protect , make huge claims : 500,000 iraqi shias slaughtered , and 800,000 hiding in the marshes of southern iraq — in addition to those who have sought safety in iran , or in the buffer [area] along the kuwaiti border .

Some areas , known locally as ‘ the zone ’ , are still closed to civilians .
some areas , known locally as ‘ the [area] ’ , are still closed to civilians .

Mr Christians , whose own connections with the region go back to his days as a young soldier , believes that Kaliningrad could have a future as a free-trade zone linking east and west .
mr christians , whose own connections with the region go back to his days as a young soldier , believes that kaliningrad could have a future as a free-trade [area] linking east and west .

Vladimir Chernousenko , the scientific director of the 20-mile exclusion zone around the reactor , claims that the number of immediate Chernobyl deaths — still officially listed as 31 — could in fact total as many as 7,000 .
vladimir chernousenko , the scientific director of the 20-mile exclusion [area] around the reactor , claims that the number of immediate chernobyl deaths — still officially listed as 31 — could in fact total as many as 7,000 .

Yet Grigori Medvedev , the chief engineer at Chernobyl in the 1970s , says in his recent book ( see page 125 ) that Soviet-made Geiger counters registered high levels of radiation on men who had not yet been into the zone , and nothing at all on those who had recently emerged from it .
yet grigori medvedev , the chief engineer at chernobyl in the 1970s , says in his recent book ( see page 125 ) that soviet-made geiger counters registered high levels of radiation on men who had not yet been into the [area] , and nothing at all on those who had recently emerged from it .

No one ever explained what the danger zone was , or that people living outside the no-go area might still be in danger of contamination .
no one ever explained what the danger [area] was , or that people living outside the no-go area might still be in danger of contamination .

Months after the accident , the town of Narodichi , well outside the no-go zone , was found to be polluted , when other towns within the zone were relatively free of radiation .
months after the accident , the town of narodichi , well outside the no-go [area] , was found to be polluted , when other towns within the [area] were relatively free of radiation .

Opposition politicians gain popularity by demanding a bigger exclusion zone ( see map ) , lower levels of ‘ acceptable ’ radiation in food , air and water , and more compensations for Chernobyl 's victims .
opposition politicians gain popularity by demanding a bigger exclusion [area] ( see map ) , lower levels of ‘ acceptable ’ radiation in food , air and water , and more compensations for chernobyl 's victims .

Masoud Barzani , who leads the Kurdish delegation , says the two sides have managed to agree on most of the 20 points at issue , but are still arguing on the exact limits of the autonomous zone .
masoud barzani , who leads the kurdish delegation , says the two sides have managed to agree on most of the 20 points at issue , but are still arguing on the exact limits of the autonomous [area] .

The Kurdish delegates , to underline the point that they too are Iraqi , speak up against any violation of sovereignty ; they may also be proposing that the Kurdish guerrillas be somehow absorbed into the Iraqi armed forces as a local militia protecting the autonomous zone .
the kurdish delegates , to underline the point that they too are iraqi , speak up against any violation of sovereignty ; they may also be proposing that the kurdish guerrillas be somehow absorbed into the iraqi armed forces as a local militia protecting the autonomous [area] .

Five South American presidents signed an accord to resurrect an Andean free-trade zone by the end of 1995 , more than 20 years after it was set up .
five south american presidents signed an accord to resurrect an andean free-trade [area] by the end of 1995 , more than 20 years after it was set up .

At Bombay 's Santacruz Free Trade Zone , Citicorp Overseas Software is generating software for the bank 's worldwide use .
at bombay 's santacruz free trade [area] , citicorp overseas software is generating software for the bank 's worldwide use .

The yachts are slowing down as they approach Fremantle and the effect of the high-pressure zone becomes apparent .
the yachts are slowing down as they approach fremantle and the effect of the high-pressure [area] becomes apparent .

Throughout the earthquake zone , where half a million were made homeless , only 50,000 flats have been built .
throughout the earthquake [area] , where half a million were made homeless , only 50,000 flats have been built .

Before November 9 , the visitor to the derelict Potsdamer Platz , where no trams run on the ancient tramlines which now lead nowhere , could mount the viewing platform by the tourist kiosks on the western side and peer across the Grepo border guards ' free fire zone at the drab buildings a quarter of a mile away in the east .
before november 9 , the visitor to the derelict potsdamer platz , where no trams run on the ancient tramlines which now lead nowhere , could mount the viewing platform by the tourist kiosks on the western side and peer across the grepo border guards ' free fire [area] at the drab buildings a quarter of a mile away in the east .

Such opulence looked out of place on the streets of Prague , where the riches are in the historic architecture — and the best of that , sensibly , is in a traffic-free zone .
such opulence looked out of place on the streets of prague , where the riches are in the historic architecture — and the best of that , sensibly , is in a traffic-free [area] .

By the 1950s , The Ridges was the criminal ghetto of Newcastle , and by the 1970s a costly council manicure job had turned it into a free-fire zone .
by the 1950s , the ridges was the criminal ghetto of newcastle , and by the 1970s a costly council manicure job had turned it into a free-fire [area] .

The draft also proposes that sewage treatment works serving a permanent population of 5,000 or more should have treatment facilities to cut nitrogen in effluent to 10 mg/litre ( equivalent to 48 mg/litre nitrate ) where the discharge is into a vulnerable zone .
the draft also proposes that sewage treatment works serving a permanent population of 5,000 or more should have treatment facilities to cut nitrogen in effluent to 10 mg/litre ( equivalent to 48 mg/litre nitrate ) where the discharge is into a vulnerable [area] .

They oversee the activities of both the port and the free zone .
they oversee the activities of both the port and the free [area] .

Sulayem also spoke of Jebel Ali Free Zone Authority which now has more than 325 companies as clients .
sulayem also spoke of jebel ali free [area] authority which now has more than 325 companies as clients .

Ideally situated , about three minutes walk from the town centre ( pedestrian zone ) and the lake .
ideally situated , about three minutes walk from the town centre ( pedestrian [area] ) and the lake .

The Sporthotel is quietly located in St Anton 's pedestrian zone , and is well placed for all the resort 's facilities .
the sporthotel is quietly located in st anton 's pedestrian [area] , and is well placed for all the resort 's facilities .

Situated on the edge of the pedestrian zone , is the friendly Hotel Haymon , consisting of two Tyrolean chalet style buildings set a few yards apart .
situated on the edge of the pedestrian [area] , is the friendly hotel haymon , consisting of two tyrolean chalet style buildings set a few yards apart .

But it 's at night when Acapulco really comes into its own ; no wonder this resort has been called ‘ The Golden Zone ’ , with its countless bars , restaurants and nightclubs .
but it 's at night when acapulco really comes into its own ; no wonder this resort has been called ‘ the golden [area] ’ , with its countless bars , restaurants and nightclubs .

You can be sure of a buzzing atmosphere at Romano 's ‘ Le Club ’ as it is situated in the Costa Azul zone which abounds with bars , restaurants and nightclubs , most of which are found within 100 metres of the hotel .
you can be sure of a buzzing atmosphere at romano 's ‘ le club ’ as it is situated in the costa azul [area] which abounds with bars , restaurants and nightclubs , most of which are found within 100 metres of the hotel .

You could n't be more ideally placed for an action-packed holiday this Summer than in the smart and lively Copacabana hotel . Situated right on the beach and in the lively ‘ Golden Zone ’ , a wide variety of boutiques , restaurants , bars and discos lie practically at your doorstep !
you could n't be more ideally placed for an action-packed holiday this summer than in the smart and lively copacabana hotel . situated right on the beach and in the lively ‘ golden [area] ’ , a wide variety of boutiques , restaurants , bars and discos lie practically at your doorstep !

The thrust is shown on the map , Fig.7 , as also is the wide zone of rocks affected by the movements on the thrust plane .
the thrust is shown on the map , fig.7 , as also is the wide [area] of rocks affected by the movements on the thrust plane .

The rocks in this zone have been affected by crushing to various degrees , the most severe effects being found close to the actual thrust plane itself .
the rocks in this [area] have been affected by crushing to various degrees , the most severe effects being found close to the actual thrust plane itself .

The Survey describes the gneisses in this zone as : gneiss with cataclasite fabric meaning gneiss that has suffered crushing ; mashed gneiss meaning gneiss that has been severely crushed ; and pseudotachylite — close to the actual plane of the thrust , meaning gneiss that has been crushed so severely it is now a black , flinty , very fine grained or glassy rock .
the survey describes the gneisses in this [area] as : gneiss with cataclasite fabric meaning gneiss that has suffered crushing ; mashed gneiss meaning gneiss that has been severely crushed ; and pseudotachylite — close to the actual plane of the thrust , meaning gneiss that has been crushed so severely it is now a black , flinty , very fine grained or glassy rock .

As well as the crushing effects described above , many of the rocks in the thrust zone suffered hydrothermal alteration .
as well as the crushing effects described above , many of the rocks in the thrust [area] suffered hydrothermal alteration .

This type of alteration is called saussuritisation , and other similar types of hydrothermal alteration can be recognised in the other igneous rocks of the igneous complex of south Harris where they crop out in the thrust zone .
this type of alteration is called saussuritisation , and other similar types of hydrothermal alteration can be recognised in the other igneous rocks of the igneous complex of south harris where they crop out in the thrust [area] .

Occupying the zone behind the dune systems , on gently undulating to level land below 20 metres elevation , are freely drained , brown calcareous soils and calcareous regosols , where the water-table lies below soil profile depth .
occupying the [area] behind the dune systems , on gently undulating to level land below 20 metres elevation , are freely drained , brown calcareous soils and calcareous regosols , where the water-table lies below soil profile depth .

Subalpine soils generally occupy the elevation range 300 to 600 metres in the orohemiarctic climate zone of Birse ( 1971 ) .
subalpine soils generally occupy the elevation range 300 to 600 metres in the orohemiarctic climate [area] of birse ( 1971 ) .

Above 600 metres in the oroarctic climate zone , alpine podzols and gleys with lithosols and rankers occupy the mountain summits , ridge crests and upper slopes .
above 600 metres in the oroarctic climate [area] , alpine podzols and gleys with lithosols and rankers occupy the mountain summits , ridge crests and upper slopes .

The zone numbers are given in brackets if the record is doubtful .
the [area] numbers are given in brackets if the record is doubtful .

Sometimes the intertidal zone is a beach ; sometimes part of the wall of a cliff .
sometimes the intertidal [area] is a beach ; sometimes part of the wall of a cliff .

But if the surface is full of light-scattering particles ( including the floating animals and plants of the plankton ) then the ‘ photic zone ’ ( the region of light penetration ) is far less than this .
but if the surface is full of light-scattering particles ( including the floating animals and plants of the plankton ) then the ‘ photic [area] ’ ( the region of light penetration ) is far less than this .

Typically , each spring , the planktonic plants and animals in the surface photic zone do very well , feeding on nutrients at the surface .
typically , each spring , the planktonic plants and animals in the surface photic [area] do very well , feeding on nutrients at the surface .

Each sea embraces several or indeed many distinct environments , each of which occupies a discrete zone .
each sea embraces several or indeed many distinct environments , each of which occupies a discrete [area] .

Each oceanic zone has its characteristic creatures — sometimes a huge variety of different types , and sometimes only a few ; but many creatures , of all kinds , spend part of their lives in one kind of environment , and part in another .
each oceanic [area] has its characteristic creatures — sometimes a huge variety of different types , and sometimes only a few ; but many creatures , of all kinds , spend part of their lives in one kind of environment , and part in another .

There is enough light for photosynthesis only in the top 100 m or less ; the region known as the euphotic zone .
there is enough light for photosynthesis only in the top 100 m or less ; the region known as the euphotic [area] .

But plants , as we have seen , can grow only near the surface of the sea , in the photic zone .
but plants , as we have seen , can grow only near the surface of the sea , in the photic [area] .

This is the pelagic zone ( from the Greek , pelagikos , meaning ‘ of the sea ’ ) .
this is the pelagic [area] ( from the greek , pelagikos , meaning ‘ of the sea ’ ) .

The pelagic zone
the pelagic [area]

The pelagic zone contains , in brief , the swimmers .
the pelagic [area] contains , in brief , the swimmers .

The pelagic zone also includes a few creatures that are land-based , but none the less make a significant contribution to the marine ecology : birds such as the puffins , gannets , boobies , auks , terns and penguins ; the pinniped carnivores — seals , sea-lions , fur seals , and walruses ; other carnivores — the sea-otter and the polar bear ; reptiles such as some marine crocodiles and the marine , herbivorous iguana of the Galapagos Islands .
the pelagic [area] also includes a few creatures that are land-based , but none the less make a significant contribution to the marine ecology : birds such as the puffins , gannets , boobies , auks , terns and penguins ; the pinniped carnivores — seals , sea-lions , fur seals , and walruses ; other carnivores — the sea-otter and the polar bear ; reptiles such as some marine crocodiles and the marine , herbivorous iguana of the galapagos islands .

Hotspots : the intertidal zone
hotspots : the intertidal [area]

On the face of it , the zone between the tides seems a poor environment for living things .
on the face of it , the [area] between the tides seems a poor environment for living things .

And although the number of species in the intertidal zone is not necessarily enormous , individuals of those specialists that have evolved to cope are often present in very large numbers .
and although the number of species in the intertidal [area] is not necessarily enormous , individuals of those specialists that have evolved to cope are often present in very large numbers .

There can be no exclusion zone around belief , whether it is put there by believers claiming special enlightenment or philosophers drawing the bounds to sense .
there can be no exclusion [area] around belief , whether it is put there by believers claiming special enlightenment or philosophers drawing the bounds to sense .

Lastly , on systems with zone control , the problem may be caused by a faulty motorised valve which is isolating part of the system .
lastly , on systems with [area] control , the problem may be caused by a faulty motorised valve which is isolating part of the system .

The body is divided into zones , each one of which relates to a corresponding zone on the underside of the foot .
the body is divided into zones , each one of which relates to a corresponding [area] on the underside of the foot .

Other contenders were The Flint Bed , by Christopher Burns ( Secker ) ; My Chocolate Redeemer , by Christopher Hope ( Heinemann ) , and The War Zone , by Alexander Stuart ( Hamish Hamilton ) .
other contenders were the flint bed , by christopher burns ( secker ) ; my chocolate redeemer , by christopher hope ( heinemann ) , and the war [area] , by alexander stuart ( hamish hamilton ) .

• After a flight to a new time zone our life-style can become muddled .
• after a flight to a new time [area] our life-style can become muddled .

We can not sleep at the new night time , we feel tired during the daytime ( at a time corresponding to night in the time zone we have just left ) , and our appetite is upset .
we can not sleep at the new night time , we feel tired during the daytime ( at a time corresponding to night in the time [area] we have just left ) , and our appetite is upset .

Mention must be made of those creatures that inhabit the inter-tidal zone , that is the region of the shore between high- and low-tides .
mention must be made of those creatures that inhabit the inter-tidal [area] , that is the region of the shore between high- and low-tides .

It will also raise a few problems for sportsmen and sportswomen who are training or competing in a new time zone to which they have not yet adjusted .
it will also raise a few problems for sportsmen and sportswomen who are training or competing in a new time [area] to which they have not yet adjusted .

Thus a normal training time in the new time zone might coincide with night on home time and so lead to a physically poorer and psychologically dispiriting performance .
thus a normal training time in the new time [area] might coincide with night on home time and so lead to a physically poorer and psychologically dispiriting performance .

There is a combination of two factors : the change in time zone and the sluggishness of our body rhythms to adjust to change .
there is a combination of two factors : the change in time [area] and the sluggishness of our body rhythms to adjust to change .

Knowledge of this fact , together with understanding some properties of our body clock , will enable us to promote adjustment of our clock to the new time zone and so reduce the difficulties of jet-lag .
knowledge of this fact , together with understanding some properties of our body clock , will enable us to promote adjustment of our clock to the new time [area] and so reduce the difficulties of jet-lag .

Adjustment will be speeded up if we can strengthen the time-cues in the new time zone .
adjustment will be speeded up if we can strengthen the time-cues in the new time [area] .

If your stay in the new time zone is brief ( 1 or 2 days ) , then a substantial adjustment to it is unlikely .
if your stay in the new time [area] is brief ( 1 or 2 days ) , then a substantial adjustment to it is unlikely .

If your stay is longer , then you can attempt to promote adjustment of your body to the new time zone .
if your stay is longer , then you can attempt to promote adjustment of your body to the new time [area] .

This entails matching your life-style to that of the new time zone as fully and rapidly as convenient .
this entails matching your life-style to that of the new time [area] as fully and rapidly as convenient .

In many cases , following the advice , particularly with regard to sleep , will initially be against the ‘ natural ’ dictates of the body clock , but , as we have explained , obeying the body clock in this case will only prolong the difficulties in living with the new time zone .
in many cases , following the advice , particularly with regard to sleep , will initially be against the ‘ natural ’ dictates of the body clock , but , as we have explained , obeying the body clock in this case will only prolong the difficulties in living with the new time [area] .

Can you begin to adjust your life-style to the new time zone in the days immediately before departure ?
can you begin to adjust your life-style to the new time [area] in the days immediately before departure ?

First , the in-flight schedule is sometimes arranged in accord with time in your departure zone .
first , the in-flight schedule is sometimes arranged in accord with time in your departure [area] .

Physical activity and natural light Light exercise and brisk walks taken at your accustomed time by the new local time will help to adjust you to the new time zone and to make you feel ready for sleep at bedtime .
physical activity and natural light light exercise and brisk walks taken at your accustomed time by the new local time will help to adjust you to the new time [area] and to make you feel ready for sleep at bedtime .

The advice is the same as that given for westward flights — though , of course , whether people living in the new time zone are awake or sleeping will differ .
the advice is the same as that given for westward flights — though , of course , whether people living in the new time [area] are awake or sleeping will differ .

Again , in-flight arrangements are sometimes timed with respect to the departure zone .
again , in-flight arrangements are sometimes timed with respect to the departure [area] .

If this continues to be unsuccessful then some travellers purposely ‘ miss ’ the first sleep in their new time zone to make sure that they are tired on the second night .
if this continues to be unsuccessful then some travellers purposely ‘ miss ’ the first sleep in their new time [area] to make sure that they are tired on the second night .

• Does the machine have an effective cool zone into which loose particles of food can fall so as not to expose the oil to carbonisation , which will reduce the life of the oil ?
• does the machine have an effective cool [area] into which loose particles of food can fall so as not to expose the oil to carbonisation , which will reduce the life of the oil ?

Many converters of churches which incorporate this arrangement have naturally regarded this space as a zone in which living-rooms might be accommodated , and the beneficial use of such roof space has largely been made possible by the widespread employment of standard reversible ventilating and double-glazed roof windows .
many converters of churches which incorporate this arrangement have naturally regarded this space as a [area] in which living-rooms might be accommodated , and the beneficial use of such roof space has largely been made possible by the widespread employment of standard reversible ventilating and double-glazed roof windows .

This zone accommodates a double bedroom with en suite bathroom and , being mainly in the roof space , is lit by a large new roof-light .
this [area] accommodates a double bedroom with en suite bathroom and , being mainly in the roof space , is lit by a large new roof-light .

The farmers from this village own land in the Buffer Zone that has been lying fallow for fourteen years , but which is now being opened up .
the farmers from this village own land in the buffer [area] that has been lying fallow for fourteen years , but which is now being opened up .

It has sandblasted 100 years of black soot off Leeds ' fine civic buildings to reveal the pale sandstone underneath , turned much of the city centre into a traffic-free pedestrian zone and made their old manufacturing mills into museums .
it has sandblasted 100 years of black soot off leeds ' fine civic buildings to reveal the pale sandstone underneath , turned much of the city centre into a traffic-free pedestrian [area] and made their old manufacturing mills into museums .

Glossary of popular terms Ball : called by the umpire when a pitch misses the strike zone .
glossary of popular terms ball : called by the umpire when a pitch misses the strike [area] .

Strike : called when a pitch enters the strike zone — an imaginary rectangle above home plate , roughly from the batter 's shoulders to his knees .
strike : called when a pitch enters the strike [area] — an imaginary rectangle above home plate , roughly from the batter 's shoulders to his knees .

And one of the oil men to whom he had been talking at that seminar in Florence had told him that the Chinese enterprise zone ( Shenzhen ) , just over the border from Hong Kong , was still working .
and one of the oil men to whom he had been talking at that seminar in florence had told him that the chinese enterprise [area] ( shenzhen ) , just over the border from hong kong , was still working .

General Eisenhower 's offer to accept 150,000 surrendered German personnel , including 45,000 Cossacks , into the US-controlled zone was made on 19 May after a request by Allied forces for help in clearing the area .
general eisenhower 's offer to accept 150,000 surrendered german personnel , including 45,000 cossacks , into the us-controlled [area] was made on 19 may after a request by allied forces for help in clearing the area .

One problem with normal car launching in light winds is that any poor steering on the part of the pilot results in the parachute dropping outside the normal dropping zone .
one problem with normal car launching in light winds is that any poor steering on the part of the pilot results in the parachute dropping outside the normal dropping [area] .

Many badge flights are invalidated by poor photography or by good photographs being taken outside the correct photographic zone .
many badge flights are invalidated by poor photography or by good photographs being taken outside the correct photographic [area] .

The majority of rejected photographic claims are due to impatience — the photograph is taken before entering the zone .
the majority of rejected photographic claims are due to impatience — the photograph is taken before entering the [area] .

Often the run-off zone is missing .
often the run-off [area] is missing .

John McGrath , founder member of 7:84 theatre company and writer of Blood Red Roses , The Dress-maker and Robin Hood , talks to Archers ' script writer and screenwriter for Zone Productions , Mary Cutler .
john mcgrath , founder member of 7:84 theatre company and writer of blood red roses , the dress-maker and robin hood , talks to archers ' script writer and screenwriter for [area] productions , mary cutler .

The novel 's third scene or zone is the city itself .
the novel 's third scene or [area] is the city itself .

At the end of a dive to 28 metres for 27 minutes total , the tissue loading bar graph had filled to within one segment/division of the caution zone .
at the end of a dive to 28 metres for 27 minutes total , the tissue loading bar graph had filled to within one segment/division of the caution [area] .

Dive number two that day was to 17 metres for 23 minutes , resulting in a tissue loading on the bar graph only halfway round the no decom zone .
dive number two that day was to 17 metres for 23 minutes , resulting in a tissue loading on the bar graph only halfway round the no decom [area] .

What is at stake is not the creation of a private zone in a public place , but the restoration of a local facility which everyone can enjoy .
what is at stake is not the creation of a private [area] in a public place , but the restoration of a local facility which everyone can enjoy .

Both the contingencies surrounding installations and the disequilibrium of material and virtual spaces seem to recentre the body as a zone of action — the body as sensorium as well as ground of representation .
both the contingencies surrounding installations and the disequilibrium of material and virtual spaces seem to recentre the body as a [area] of action — the body as sensorium as well as ground of representation .

British boats will now be able to take 28,000 tonnes of mackerel to the west of their own zone .
british boats will now be able to take 28,000 tonnes of mackerel to the west of their own [area] .

His protest was directed at the midsummer 's day four-mile ‘ exclusion zone ’ at Stonehenge , imposed by Salisbury District Council and confirmed by the Home Secretary .
his protest was directed at the midsummer 's day four-mile ‘ exclusion [area] ’ at stonehenge , imposed by salisbury district council and confirmed by the home secretary .

Nor is it just the lawns and bungalows and supermarkets of what was once the Canal Zone that make up the fabric of a colonialism with which several European countries have been historically familiar .
nor is it just the lawns and bungalows and supermarkets of what was once the canal [area] that make up the fabric of a colonialism with which several european countries have been historically familiar .

Hull moved out of the Second Division relegation zone for the first time since mid-September with a 2-1 win over Plymouth last night — their fourth win in their last six games and their third successive victory under the new manager Stan Ternant .
hull moved out of the second division relegation [area] for the first time since mid-september with a 2-1 win over plymouth last night — their fourth win in their last six games and their third successive victory under the new manager stan ternant .

Checkpoint Cheltenham is still a demilitarised zone , but if Mr Yves d'Ans wants his white masks from the first floor galleries back he should move quickly before the Iron Curtain descends .
checkpoint cheltenham is still a demilitarised [area] , but if mr yves d'ans wants his white masks from the first floor galleries back he should move quickly before the iron curtain descends .

Thus Panama gained its independence from Colombia and the Canal Zone was born .
thus panama gained its independence from colombia and the canal [area] was born .

Unfortunately for the British government , this occupation zone was unexpectedly severed from its traditional sources of food in the east , and being unable to feed itself became reliant on supplies of food from dollar areas .
unfortunately for the british government , this occupation [area] was unexpectedly severed from its traditional sources of food in the east , and being unable to feed itself became reliant on supplies of food from dollar areas .

The policy decision was to maintain the sterling area , above all in its 1940 form as a zone of exchange control .
the policy decision was to maintain the sterling area , above all in its 1940 form as a [area] of exchange control .

This meant no controls on foreign investment within that zone , and the unplanned outcome of this was a huge capital outflow from Britain to the sterling area as London rediscovered its traditional predilection for investing in the ‘ white Commonwealth ’ .
this meant no controls on foreign investment within that [area] , and the unplanned outcome of this was a huge capital outflow from britain to the sterling area as london rediscovered its traditional predilection for investing in the ‘ white commonwealth ’ .

Perhaps the oddest consequence of the evolution of the sterling area as a zone for British balance-of-payments policy was the relationship which developed with the colonies , Treating the sterling area as one bloc meant , logically , maximizing dollar receipts for the area as a whole and minimizing dollar debits .
perhaps the oddest consequence of the evolution of the sterling area as a [area] for british balance-of-payments policy was the relationship which developed with the colonies , treating the sterling area as one bloc meant , logically , maximizing dollar receipts for the area as a whole and minimizing dollar debits .

Apart from acting as a zone for maximizing non-dollar trade , the sterling area under Labour had two main effects .
apart from acting as a [area] for maximizing non-dollar trade , the sterling area under labour had two main effects .

What did they think was going to happen after the last British troops evacuated the Canal Zone on 13 June 1956 ?
what did they think was going to happen after the last british troops evacuated the canal [area] on 13 june 1956 ?

To the south of this zone , where tree cover becomes more dense in the Guinea-savannah , population densities are particularly low and there is plenty of scope for inward migration .
to the south of this [area] , where tree cover becomes more dense in the guinea-savannah , population densities are particularly low and there is plenty of scope for inward migration .

Peak power is delivered at 5750rpm , well into the ‘ warning zone ’ and only 750rpm short of the point where the rev-limiter cuts in .
peak power is delivered at 5750rpm , well into the ‘ warning [area] ’ and only 750rpm short of the point where the rev-limiter cuts in .

Britain would be in an open economic zone and subject to even more direct competition from economies which had made a much stronger commitment to skills , research , science and transport .
britain would be in an open economic [area] and subject to even more direct competition from economies which had made a much stronger commitment to skills , research , science and transport .

At every point where a road entered the ‘ restricted zone ’ , Singapore 's equivalent of Securicor officers stood , radios in hand .
at every point where a road entered the ‘ restricted [area] ’ , singapore 's equivalent of securicor officers stood , radios in hand .

The pay zone will , for the time being , remain the same .
the pay [area] will , for the time being , remain the same .

During the Seventies , several London-based studies of supplementary licences and electronic road pricing were made , all involving a pay zone covering the City and West End , but what officials proposed , politicians never disposed .
during the seventies , several london-based studies of supplementary licences and electronic road pricing were made , all involving a pay [area] covering the city and west end , but what officials proposed , politicians never disposed .

Yet this area , which stretches from Hyde Park to Liverpool Street station and from the Angel , Islington , to the Thames , is the minimum practical initial pay zone .
yet this area , which stretches from hyde park to liverpool street station and from the angel , islington , to the thames , is the minimum practical initial pay [area] .

This process involves the addition of microorganisms , nutrients and an electron acceptor into the saturation zone of a contaminated aquifer .
this process involves the addition of microorganisms , nutrients and an electron acceptor into the saturation [area] of a contaminated aquifer .

After the Great War , one of the tanks used by British troops in the war zone , was positioned on a slanting rockery , on the north-west corner of Turnham Green .
after the great war , one of the tanks used by british troops in the war [area] , was positioned on a slanting rockery , on the north-west corner of turnham green .

March 1936 , to re-occupy the demilitarized Rhineland zone , against which Britain and France found that they were powerless to to take any action .
march 1936 , to re-occupy the demilitarized rhineland [area] , against which britain and france found that they were powerless to to take any action .

In addition , the future of Germany was discussed and it was agreed that Germany — including Berlin — would be divided into four zones , each zone to be controlled by Great Britain ; United States of America ; Russia and France .
in addition , the future of germany was discussed and it was agreed that germany — including berlin — would be divided into four zones , each [area] to be controlled by great britain ; united states of america ; russia and france .

The nine females who undertook the course remained within the high zone but nevertheless registered a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .
the nine females who undertook the course remained within the high [area] but nevertheless registered a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .

The ‘ No-Go ’ Zone ( Fig 22 )
the ‘ no-go ’ [area] ( fig 22 )

If the board is sailed too close to the wind , the so called ‘ no-go ’ zone is entered within which the board will stop or even blow backwards .
if the board is sailed too close to the wind , the so called ‘ no-go ’ [area] is entered within which the board will stop or even blow backwards .

Ke Pauk was in charge of the central zone of Cambodia under Pol Pot , and carried out the purges of Khmer Rouge cadres in the Eastern zone in 1977 and 1978 which forced many to flee to Vietnam , including Hun Sen and Heng Samrin , currently Prime Minister and President of the Phnom Penh government .
ke pauk was in charge of the central [area] of cambodia under pol pot , and carried out the purges of khmer rouge cadres in the eastern [area] in 1977 and 1978 which forced many to flee to vietnam , including hun sen and heng samrin , currently prime minister and president of the phnom penh government .

He is still in charge of military operations in the same zone , centred on Kompong Thom province .
he is still in charge of military operations in the same [area] , centred on kompong thom province .

News and current affairs will remain a no-go zone for sponsors .
news and current affairs will remain a no-go [area] for sponsors .

Demarcated as the one zone where people are allowed some liberty , the pleasure district is in itself testimony to a stringently regulated society .
demarcated as the one [area] where people are allowed some liberty , the pleasure district is in itself testimony to a stringently regulated society .

But Northern Ireland remains a Labour free zone .
but northern ireland remains a labour free [area] .

The argument must begin from the proposition that our body is our own : it is our private zone , and respect for privacy and personal autonomy both support this .
the argument must begin from the proposition that our body is our own : it is our private [area] , and respect for privacy and personal autonomy both support this .

Thus , even where a sexual assault involves no significant physical force , it constitutes harm in the sense that it invades a deeply personal zone , gaining non-consensually that which should only be shared consensually .
thus , even where a sexual assault involves no significant physical force , it constitutes harm in the sense that it invades a deeply personal [area] , gaining non-consensually that which should only be shared consensually .

This is the most familiar group , so called because many have a dark ring or zone on the foliage .
this is the most familiar group , so called because many have a dark ring or [area] on the foliage .

His natural habitat is a mythical boho zone where Carnaby Street fop meets Haight Ashbury hippy in some timeless punk garageland .
his natural habitat is a mythical boho [area] where carnaby street fop meets haight ashbury hippy in some timeless punk garageland .

In the controversial area of biotechnology , science has stepped into the twilight zone .
in the controversial area of biotechnology , science has stepped into the twilight [area] .

The Eastern Bloc has been transformed into a gigantic Enterprise Zone for western capitalists eager to reap the benefits of suppressed consumerism .
the eastern bloc has been transformed into a gigantic enterprise [area] for western capitalists eager to reap the benefits of suppressed consumerism .

‘ Now you see all dose little parking meters dere , snoozing under dose little black sleeping caps ? Well a few weeks ago the city fathers installed dose nasty little tings at a cost , believe it or not , sir , of some turty tree tousand pounds , and the day atterwards dey declared the whole area a no waiting zone . ’
‘ now you see all dose little parking meters dere , snoozing under dose little black sleeping caps ? well a few weeks ago the city fathers installed dose nasty little tings at a cost , believe it or not , sir , of some turty tree tousand pounds , and the day atterwards dey declared the whole area a no waiting [area] . ’

The European zone , for example , was growing twice as fast as the United States ' zone , and now employed a quarter of a million people .
the european [area] , for example , was growing twice as fast as the united states ' [area] , and now employed a quarter of a million people .

And , as the biggest zone by far was Europe , he would begin there .
and , as the biggest [area] by far was europe , he would begin there .

The criss-crossing between one sequence and another invites the reader to form interpretative connections between them , to assemble a lattice-like text — until , that is , we enter the Zone .
the criss-crossing between one sequence and another invites the reader to form interpretative connections between them , to assemble a lattice-like text — until , that is , we enter the [area] .

On its simplest level the Zone denotes Germany immediately before and after military defeat , but it is much more than that .
on its simplest level the [area] denotes germany immediately before and after military defeat , but it is much more than that .

The Zone is an area of ontological flux where the plots of the novel blur and where texts begin to proliferate .
the [area] is an area of ontological flux where the plots of the novel blur and where texts begin to proliferate .

It remains determined to achieve regional parity with Israel in order to compel the latter to make peace on terms favourable to itself , including a return of the Golan and possibly the 1949 demilitarized zone along the eastern edge of the Sea of Galilee to allow access to its waters .
it remains determined to achieve regional parity with israel in order to compel the latter to make peace on terms favourable to itself , including a return of the golan and possibly the 1949 demilitarized [area] along the eastern edge of the sea of galilee to allow access to its waters .

Muslim gunmen ambushed an Israeli armed convoy , killing two soldiers and wounding five , at Houle village , in Israel 's self-proclaimed security buffer zone in southern Lebanon , yesterday .
muslim gunmen ambushed an israeli armed convoy , killing two soldiers and wounding five , at houle village , in israel 's self-proclaimed security buffer [area] in southern lebanon , yesterday .

Mr Rutskoy proposed that the 14th army of the former Soviet forces , now under Russian control , should create a buffer zone between the Moldovan security forces and the Russian rebels .
mr rutskoy proposed that the 14th army of the former soviet forces , now under russian control , should create a buffer [area] between the moldovan security forces and the russian rebels .

The sensor can be adjusted through 180° horizontally and 90° vertically , so the detection zone is therefore almost infinitely variable .
the sensor can be adjusted through 180° horizontally and 90° vertically , so the detection [area] is therefore almost infinitely variable .

At the end of the Gulf War , British Army authorities announced they would have to destroy all dogs which had been picked up and kept by British units in the war zone , but Dave and his colleagues decided they were n't going to let this cruel fate befall Des .
at the end of the gulf war , british army authorities announced they would have to destroy all dogs which had been picked up and kept by british units in the war [area] , but dave and his colleagues decided they were n't going to let this cruel fate befall des .

One winter night , as the mutt twitched away in front of the fire , his mind somewhere between Basingstoke and the twilight zone , a 100-watt light bulb in the standard lamp above his head suddenly exploded without warning !
one winter night , as the mutt twitched away in front of the fire , his mind somewhere between basingstoke and the twilight [area] , a 100-watt light bulb in the standard lamp above his head suddenly exploded without warning !

The Monument to the People 's Heroes , the stone obelisk in the middle of the square where student leaders had their ‘ command centre ’ , has been declared a forbidden zone because it is felt to have been contaminated by the students ' presence .
the monument to the people 's heroes , the stone obelisk in the middle of the square where student leaders had their ‘ command centre ’ , has been declared a forbidden [area] because it is felt to have been contaminated by the students ' presence .

The devastation in the city 's Lake Zone , about 400 kilometres from the epicentre , was surprising even for a quake of 8.1 magnitude .
the devastation in the city 's lake [area] , about 400 kilometres from the epicentre , was surprising even for a quake of 8.1 magnitude .

The part of the aquifer that lies above the water table is termed the unsaturated zone .
the part of the aquifer that lies above the water table is termed the unsaturated [area] .

It separates the saturated part of the aquifer from the unsaturated zone above it .
it separates the saturated part of the aquifer from the unsaturated [area] above it .

But in the confined part of the aquifer , the spaces between mineral grains , every pore in fact , is filled with water : there is no unsaturated zone .
but in the confined part of the aquifer , the spaces between mineral grains , every pore in fact , is filled with water : there is no unsaturated [area] .

The nitrate problem has taught us that to protect our drinking water , we must monitor the unsaturated zone .
the nitrate problem has taught us that to protect our drinking water , we must monitor the unsaturated [area] .

Water in the pores of rock and soil in the unsaturated zone of the ground is held in place by the same forces of surface tension .
water in the pores of rock and soil in the unsaturated [area] of the ground is held in place by the same forces of surface tension .

Left to itself , water in the unsaturated zone would reach an equilibrium in the same way as the water in the capillary tube or the towel .
left to itself , water in the unsaturated [area] would reach an equilibrium in the same way as the water in the capillary tube or the towel .

Evaporation , directly from the ground , or from the leaves of plants , which draw water from the ground , will take water from the top of the unsaturated zone .
evaporation , directly from the ground , or from the leaves of plants , which draw water from the ground , will take water from the top of the unsaturated [area] .

Rain entering the soil disturbs the equilibrium in the same way as water added to the top of the capillary tube or towel ; water drains through the unsaturated zone to the water table .
rain entering the soil disturbs the equilibrium in the same way as water added to the top of the capillary tube or towel ; water drains through the unsaturated [area] to the water table .

In regions with marked wet and dry seasons , or where rainfall is evenly distributed , but the winters are cool and there is a distinct growing season , the behaviour of the unsaturated zone becomes very important .
in regions with marked wet and dry seasons , or where rainfall is evenly distributed , but the winters are cool and there is a distinct growing season , the behaviour of the unsaturated [area] becomes very important .

In the dry or growing season , plants take water from the unsaturated zone .
in the dry or growing season , plants take water from the unsaturated [area] .

Vienna at this time has been immortalised in Carol Reed 's brilliant 1949 film The Third Man based on Graham Greene 's novel in which a drug trafficker , played by Orson Welles , manages to elude the police by crossing from one zone of the city to another via the network of underground sewers .
vienna at this time has been immortalised in carol reed 's brilliant 1949 film the third man based on graham greene 's novel in which a drug trafficker , played by orson welles , manages to elude the police by crossing from one [area] of the city to another via the network of underground sewers .

In the left-hand zone of the picture the features are treated almost realistically and ‘ brought forward towards the observer .
in the left-hand [area] of the picture the features are treated almost realistically and ‘ brought forward towards the observer .

The local Phalangist headquarters were deserted but a Syrian officer , who had earlier been distributing leaflets describing the Syrian army as ‘ an envoy of brotherly love and peace ’ , brusquely jumped down from his tank and uprooted a Phalangist sign designating Kahhale a military zone .
the local phalangist headquarters were deserted but a syrian officer , who had earlier been distributing leaflets describing the syrian army as ‘ an envoy of brotherly love and peace ’ , brusquely jumped down from his tank and uprooted a phalangist sign designating kahhale a military [area] .

It would , for example , count my instruction to my son to be back by midnight as legislative , and the policeman 's order to move on when a driver stops in a prohibited zone as adjudicative .
it would , for example , count my instruction to my son to be back by midnight as legislative , and the policeman 's order to move on when a driver stops in a prohibited [area] as adjudicative .

Once it reached a designated zone about 500 miles off Land 's End , the ship hove to and special tipping platforms were assembled along one side .
once it reached a designated [area] about 500 miles off land 's end , the ship hove to and special tipping platforms were assembled along one side .

Meanwhile , Sharpness Docks themselves became an annual security zone after the dockside cranes had been occupied by opponents of the dumping .
meanwhile , sharpness docks themselves became an annual security [area] after the dockside cranes had been occupied by opponents of the dumping .

After the end of the war Balivanich expanded as a ‘ military zone ’ , becoming the southern island 's administrative centre ; headquarters of Comhairle nan Eilean , the Outer Hebrides local government agency .
after the end of the war balivanich expanded as a ‘ military [area] ’ , becoming the southern island 's administrative centre ; headquarters of comhairle nan eilean , the outer hebrides local government agency .

The wave was kapu , as the Hawaiians said , a forbidden zone you visited at the cost of your life .
the wave was kapu , as the hawaiians said , a forbidden [area] you visited at the cost of your life .

Ted marched away into the competitors ' zone , the glint of battle in his eye .
ted marched away into the competitors ' [area] , the glint of battle in his eye .

At last in the line-up , rising and falling with the ridges and troughs , he wondered whether even he could withstand the force of the mighty impact zone .
at last in the line-up , rising and falling with the ridges and troughs , he wondered whether even he could withstand the force of the mighty impact [area] .

Above the 1300-ft contour , the zone of limestone ends , and with it much of the interest in the walk .
above the 1300-ft contour , the [area] of limestone ends , and with it much of the interest in the walk .

After fusion the cells in the centre of the zone of contact break down and there is now a channel — from an open mouth , through the tube of the gut , and out through the anus .
after fusion the cells in the centre of the [area] of contact break down and there is now a channel — from an open mouth , through the tube of the gut , and out through the anus .

We called this region of proliferation the progress zone because it is there , we believe , that the cells acquire their positional values .
we called this region of proliferation the progress [area] because it is there , we believe , that the cells acquire their positional values .

The special nature of the progress zone is due to a signal from the overlying ridge .
the special nature of the progress [area] is due to a signal from the overlying ridge .

The cells in the progress zone all multiply and can respond to positional signals .
the cells in the progress [area] all multiply and can respond to positional signals .

Only when the cells leave the zone do some begin to differentiate into cartilage ; and , as just stated , the cartilage elements are laid down in a proximo-distal sequence — first humerus , then radius and ulna , and only then wrist , and finally hand .
only when the cells leave the [area] do some begin to differentiate into cartilage ; and , as just stated , the cartilage elements are laid down in a proximo-distal sequence — first humerus , then radius and ulna , and only then wrist , and finally hand .

In our model , the cells in the progress zone have their position specified along the two axes by two different mechanisms .
in our model , the cells in the progress [area] have their position specified along the two axes by two different mechanisms .

For the proximo-distal axis , our suggestion is that the cells learn their position by measuring how long they remain in the progress zone , a mechanism based on measuring time .
for the proximo-distal axis , our suggestion is that the cells learn their position by measuring how long they remain in the progress [area] , a mechanism based on measuring time .

The cells in the progress zone seem to be able to measure how long they remain in the progress zone and this enables them to , ‘ know ’ their position along the proximo-distal axis .
the cells in the progress [area] seem to be able to measure how long they remain in the progress [area] and this enables them to , ‘ know ’ their position along the proximo-distal axis .

All the cells in the progress zone at the tip are multiplying and , therefore , cells are continually leaving the progress zone as the bud grows out and there is a trail of cells left behind .
all the cells in the progress [area] at the tip are multiplying and , therefore , cells are continually leaving the progress [area] as the bud grows out and there is a trail of cells left behind .

The first cells to leave will form proximal structures , like the humerus , whereas those that remain in the progress zone longest will form the tips of the digits .
the first cells to leave will form proximal structures , like the humerus , whereas those that remain in the progress [area] longest will form the tips of the digits .

If the cells have a ‘ clock ’ that stops when they leave the zone the time on the clock will give them their position along the axis .
if the cells have a ‘ clock ’ that stops when they leave the [area] the time on the clock will give them their position along the axis .

Since the progress zone 's existence is dependent on a signal from the ridge , removal of the ridge results in the disappearance of the progress zone and so effectively the clock in the cells is stopped permanently .
since the progress [area] 's existence is dependent on a signal from the ridge , removal of the ridge results in the disappearance of the progress [area] and so effectively the clock in the cells is stopped permanently .

Whenever a limb abnormality involves truncation , one can be pretty sure that this is due to damage to the ridge and so loss of the progress zone .
whenever a limb abnormality involves truncation , one can be pretty sure that this is due to damage to the ridge and so loss of the progress [area] .

However , the model is consistent with experiments in which we blocked proliferation in the progress zone or killed off some of the cells .
however , the model is consistent with experiments in which we blocked proliferation in the progress [area] or killed off some of the cells .

When this happens , cells stay much longer in the progress zone than they normally would , and very few cells leave the progress zone at early stages .
when this happens , cells stay much longer in the progress [area] than they normally would , and very few cells leave the progress [area] at early stages .

With time , normal proliferation is restored in the progress zone with the result that proximal structures are absent and distal structures are quite normal .
with time , normal proliferation is restored in the progress [area] with the result that proximal structures are absent and distal structures are quite normal .

If cells in the progress zone of the mouse limb bud or the chick limb bud are damaged often merely a hand develops attached to the shoulder and this may provide a basis for understanding the effects of thalidomide .
if cells in the progress [area] of the mouse limb bud or the chick limb bud are damaged often merely a hand develops attached to the shoulder and this may provide a basis for understanding the effects of thalidomide .

As we have seen , damaging cells in the progress zone of the early bud causes proximal structures to be lost , and so our model just might provide a clue as to how thalidomide works .
as we have seen , damaging cells in the progress [area] of the early bud causes proximal structures to be lost , and so our model just might provide a clue as to how thalidomide works .

The hand attached to the shoulder in some thalidomide children is just like the isolated ‘ hand ’ that develops from chick embryos whose cells in the progress zone have been damaged .
the hand attached to the shoulder in some thalidomide children is just like the isolated ‘ hand ’ that develops from chick embryos whose cells in the progress [area] have been damaged .

An elegant illustration of the similarity in signals , but difference in response , is provided by grafting tissue from the proximal part of an early leg bud that would normally develop as the femur , into the progress zone of an early wing bud .
an elegant illustration of the similarity in signals , but difference in response , is provided by grafting tissue from the proximal part of an early leg bud that would normally develop as the femur , into the progress [area] of an early wing bud .

The grafted cells which had a proximal character are now in the progress zone again and so acquire more distal positional values .
the grafted cells which had a proximal character are now in the progress [area] again and so acquire more distal positional values .

They do , of course , have a progress zone , because the jacket has a thickened ridge at the tip .
they do , of course , have a progress [area] , because the jacket has a thickened ridge at the tip .

Notice that there is no seismic zone along the east coast of South America , the continental crust merely sits passively on top of the mantle .
notice that there is no seismic [area] along the east coast of south america , the continental crust merely sits passively on top of the mantle .

Geologically , the most critical zone is the junction between the two plates , which is defined by two major physical features ; the extreme depths of the Chile-Peru Trench , which runs along just off-shore of the continent , and the extreme heights of the Andes mountains , the crest line of which runs parallel to and 350 kilometres east of the Trench [ see Fig .
geologically , the most critical [area] is the junction between the two plates , which is defined by two major physical features ; the extreme depths of the chile-peru trench , which runs along just off-shore of the continent , and the extreme heights of the andes mountains , the crest line of which runs parallel to and 350 kilometres east of the trench [ see fig .

The oceanic crust of the East Pacific Plate does collide with the continental mass of South America but instead of piling up in a heap , it ducks down , and dives under the continent ; the site of the ‘ bend ’ being below the 7,500 metre deep Chile-Peru Trench , while the zone of actual sliding contact between oceanic and continental crust is defined by the 60 degree dipping earthquake belt , the Benioff zone .
the oceanic crust of the east pacific plate does collide with the continental mass of south america but instead of piling up in a heap , it ducks down , and dives under the continent ; the site of the ‘ bend ’ being below the 7,500 metre deep chile-peru trench , while the [area] of actual sliding contact between oceanic and continental crust is defined by the 60 degree dipping earthquake belt , the benioff [area] .

Along the Benioff zone so much heat is generated that some of the rocks of the oceanic plate and the lower part of the continental plate melt , and the molten material then moves upwards and away .
along the benioff [area] so much heat is generated that some of the rocks of the oceanic plate and the lower part of the continental plate melt , and the molten material then moves upwards and away .

The upshot of this is that , while melting of the rocks of the oceanic plate by itself might produce rocks similar to those of the oceanic volcanoes , when it gets melted at the Benioff zone , a great deal of other material is added , from the mantle ( peridotitic ) and from the continental crust ( granitic ) .
the upshot of this is that , while melting of the rocks of the oceanic plate by itself might produce rocks similar to those of the oceanic volcanoes , when it gets melted at the benioff [area] , a great deal of other material is added , from the mantle ( peridotitic ) and from the continental crust ( granitic ) .

But Indonesia , in common with Vesuvius and almost all volcanic areas in the world , is located in the middle of an intensely active seismic zone , so earthquakes in the area were far from uncommon , and the local people did not attach much special significance to this latest bout of tremors .
but indonesia , in common with vesuvius and almost all volcanic areas in the world , is located in the middle of an intensely active seismic [area] , so earthquakes in the area were far from uncommon , and the local people did not attach much special significance to this latest bout of tremors .

With the Atlantic Ocean floor spreading away in opposite directions from the ridge , Iceland is getting wider at a rate of about half a centimetre per year , so a lot of new material has to be added continuously in the zone of tension in the middle , or else the two halves would soon be completely separated .
with the atlantic ocean floor spreading away in opposite directions from the ridge , iceland is getting wider at a rate of about half a centimetre per year , so a lot of new material has to be added continuously in the [area] of tension in the middle , or else the two halves would soon be completely separated .

But the summit craters are situated on a fissure zone , and most of the lavas that are erupted actually emerge from fissures .
but the summit craters are situated on a fissure [area] , and most of the lavas that are erupted actually emerge from fissures .

This means that as the volcano grows , it becomes elongated in the direction of the fissure zone .
this means that as the volcano grows , it becomes elongated in the direction of the fissure [area] .

If there is an open fire , you must have a coal bunker of reasonable size at hand , and there must be a coal merchant willing to deliver good quality coal , or smokeless fuel if it is a smokeless zone .
if there is an open fire , you must have a coal bunker of reasonable size at hand , and there must be a coal merchant willing to deliver good quality coal , or smokeless fuel if it is a smokeless [area] .

Steven is in an alternative time zone now .
steven is in an alternative time [area] now .

We are now entering the danger zone .
we are now entering the danger [area] .

The enterprise zone concept sees inner cities , in effect , as ‘ urban frontiers ’ constrained by regulations and a tax code that is irrelevant to the problems and opportunities that exist .
the enterprise [area] concept sees inner cities , in effect , as ‘ urban frontiers ’ constrained by regulations and a tax code that is irrelevant to the problems and opportunities that exist .

The second point is best captured in Peter Hall 's 1982 defence of the enterprise zone model of urban policy , when , perhaps inadvertently , he called for the state to facilitate multinational corporations , ‘ doing in Liverpool what they already do in Singapore or Mexican border cities ’ ( 1982 , p418 ) .
the second point is best captured in peter hall 's 1982 defence of the enterprise [area] model of urban policy , when , perhaps inadvertently , he called for the state to facilitate multinational corporations , ‘ doing in liverpool what they already do in singapore or mexican border cities ’ ( 1982 , p418 ) .

In the early 1980s Jack Kemp drew on Puerto Rico 's Operation Bootstrap as an inspiration for his support of the Enterprise Zone model in the United States ( Guskind , 1989 ) .
in the early 1980s jack kemp drew on puerto rico 's operation bootstrap as an inspiration for his support of the enterprise [area] model in the united states ( guskind , 1989 ) .

Request : The soon-to-be-retired Mrs Finchley was selected to write a short introduction for ‘ The Twilight Zone ’ , ‘ an anthology of essays from eminent people in the twilight of their careers .
request : the soon-to-be-retired mrs finchley was selected to write a short introduction for ‘ the twilight [area] ’ , ‘ an anthology of essays from eminent people in the twilight of their careers .

At the time , the south west of the province was the only breeding zone for the red Cassel .
at the time , the south west of the province was the only breeding [area] for the red cassel .

In 1906 a herdbook for the ‘ race rouge flamande ’ was opened , with members all over West Flanders , and it included red animals found to the north of the main breeding zone as well : only external appearances were taken into account until 1920 , when a breed society was formed .
in 1906 a herdbook for the ‘ race rouge flamande ’ was opened , with members all over west flanders , and it included red animals found to the north of the main breeding [area] as well : only external appearances were taken into account until 1920 , when a breed society was formed .

‘ My word , young lady , you 've stopped the fire from spreading to the danger zone !
‘ my word , young lady , you 've stopped the fire from spreading to the danger [area] !

Since December , when Huddersfield were among the top four , League results had slumped , bringing the Town into the relegation zone .
since december , when huddersfield were among the top four , league results had slumped , bringing the town into the relegation [area] .

Zone Defavorisee de haute montagne — high mountains ( Alps and Pyrenees only ) where agriculture is severely limited to low stocking levels of livestock .
[area] defavorisee de haute montagne — high mountains ( alps and pyrenees only ) where agriculture is severely limited to low stocking levels of livestock .

Zone Defavorisee de montagne — mountain areas ( particularly Massif Central , Pyrenees and Alps ) where there are considerable limits on agriculture because of the nature of the terrain , climate and soils and because of restrictions on mechanisation .
[area] defavorisee de montagne — mountain areas ( particularly massif central , pyrenees and alps ) where there are considerable limits on agriculture because of the nature of the terrain , climate and soils and because of restrictions on mechanisation .

Zone de Piedmont — an intermediate zone between the zone de montagne and the Article 3 ( 4 ) areas — see below .
[area] de piedmont — an intermediate [area] between the [area] de montagne and the article 3 ( 4 ) areas — see below .

Zone de Piedmont has a mountainous character often with steep slopes and sufficient to limit agriculture but not as much as in the zone de montagne .
[area] de piedmont has a mountainous character often with steep slopes and sufficient to limit agriculture but not as much as in the [area] de montagne .

Article 3 ( 4 ) areas — zone Defavorisee hors montagne — a zone comprised mainly of land that can not be cultivated and which does not lend itself to intensive production .
article 3 ( 4 ) areas — [area] defavorisee hors montagne — a [area] comprised mainly of land that can not be cultivated and which does not lend itself to intensive production .

The Zone defavorisee de montagne was defined in Orders of the Ministere de l'Agriculture dated 20.2.74 ; 28.4.76 ; and 29.1.82 .
the [area] defavorisee de montagne was defined in orders of the ministere de l'agriculture dated 20.2.74 ; 28.4.76 ; and 29.1.82 .

The Zone de Piedmont was defined in an Order dated 2.8.79 ; the Zone Defavorisee hors montagne in Orders dated 28.4.77 ; 29 .
the [area] de piedmont was defined in an order dated 2.8.79 ; the [area] defavorisee hors montagne in orders dated 28.4.77 ; 29 .

There is no Zone Defavorisee de haute montagne .
there is no [area] defavorisee de haute montagne .

About 60 % of the land area is designated as Zone Defavorisee de montagne , comprising all of the upland and mountain areas above about 400m ( 1300 ft ) in elevation and dominated by land at 700m-1300m ( 2300–4250 ft ) elevation .
about 60 % of the land area is designated as [area] defavorisee de montagne , comprising all of the upland and mountain areas above about 400m ( 1300 ft ) in elevation and dominated by land at 700m-1300m ( 2300–4250 ft ) elevation .

Around 5 % of the Auvergne is designated as Zone de Piedmont and this consists mainly of the foothills and uplands transitional between the lower lying land areas and the mountain proper .
around 5 % of the auvergne is designated as [area] de piedmont and this consists mainly of the foothills and uplands transitional between the lower lying land areas and the mountain proper .

About 20 % of the land is designated as Zone Defavorisee hors montagne and this is at a lower elevation of 200–400m , concentrated mainly in the north of Auvergne .
about 20 % of the land is designated as [area] defavorisee hors montagne and this is at a lower elevation of 200–400m , concentrated mainly in the north of auvergne .

The current rates of HLCAs ( hill livestock compensatory allowances ) payable in the ‘ severely disadvantaged ’ zone are £44.50 for each beef cow ; £6.25 for each ‘ hill ’ ewe of a listed hardy breed and £4.25 for each upland ewe .
the current rates of hlcas ( hill livestock compensatory allowances ) payable in the ‘ severely disadvantaged ’ [area] are £44.50 for each beef cow ; £6.25 for each ‘ hill ’ ewe of a listed hardy breed and £4.25 for each upland ewe .

In the ‘ disadvantaged ’ zone , the payments are at half the ‘ severely disadvantaged ’ zone rate , i. e. £22.25 for each beef cow and £2 .
in the ‘ disadvantaged ’ [area] , the payments are at half the ‘ severely disadvantaged ’ [area] rate , i. e. £22.25 for each beef cow and £2 .

Zone Defavorisee de haute montagne 600FF/-livestock unit
[area] defavorisee de haute montagne 600ff/-livestock unit

Zone defavorisee de montagne 35OFF/livestock unit
[area] defavorisee de montagne 35off/livestock unit

Zone de Piedmont 150FF/livestock unit Zone defavorisee hors montagne 0-l2OFF/livestock unit ( sheep only )
[area] de piedmont 150ff/livestock unit [area] defavorisee hors montagne 0-l2off/livestock unit ( sheep only )

The proportion of allowances paid at the highest rate ( in ‘ haute montagne ’ ) in 1981 was only 5 % ; 78 % in the ‘ montagne ’ zone and 16 % in the ‘ piedmont ’ zone .
the proportion of allowances paid at the highest rate ( in ‘ haute montagne ’ ) in 1981 was only 5 % ; 78 % in the ‘ montagne ’ [area] and 16 % in the ‘ piedmont ’ [area] .

Intermediate zone — set at 80% of existing level , i. e. £36 per cow ; £5 per sheep .
intermediate [area] — set at 80% of existing level , i. e. £36 per cow ; £5 per sheep .

Marginal zone — set at 33 % of existing level , i. e. £15 per cow ; £2 per sheep .
marginal [area] — set at 33 % of existing level , i. e. £15 per cow ; £2 per sheep .

The peripheral zone comprises the platelet cell surface , the surface connected open canalicular system , the exterior coat or glycocalyx , the unit membrane and the submembrane region .
the peripheral [area] comprises the platelet cell surface , the surface connected open canalicular system , the exterior coat or glycocalyx , the unit membrane and the submembrane region .

The trilaminar unit membrane of the peripheral zone which provides the physiochemical separation between extracellular and intracellular constituents has important components including the sodium/potassium ATPase .
the trilaminar unit membrane of the peripheral [area] which provides the physiochemical separation between extracellular and intracellular constituents has important components including the sodium/potassium atpase .

The so-called sol-gel zone of platelets contains the important microtubules and microfilaments .
the so-called sol-gel [area] of platelets contains the important microtubules and microfilaments .

The second system of fibres in the sol-gel zone of platelets comprises the microfilaments ( White , 1971 ) .
the second system of fibres in the sol-gel [area] of platelets comprises the microfilaments ( white , 1971 ) .

The platelet organelle zone is rich in several types of organelles .
the platelet organelle [area] is rich in several types of organelles .

Hydrocarbon exploration in overthrust belts is encouraged by these results because the highly disturbed and sometimes metamorphosed rocks of the near-surface have been shown to overlie extensive areas of flat-lying and relatively undisturbed strata , separated by a fundamental detachment zone which is commonly at a depth of only a few kilometres .
hydrocarbon exploration in overthrust belts is encouraged by these results because the highly disturbed and sometimes metamorphosed rocks of the near-surface have been shown to overlie extensive areas of flat-lying and relatively undisturbed strata , separated by a fundamental detachment [area] which is commonly at a depth of only a few kilometres .

Southeast of this elongated zone these sediments had already been overthrust by Precambrian and Palaeozoic igneous and metamorphic rocks of the Blue Ridge and Piedmont provinces .
southeast of this elongated [area] these sediments had already been overthrust by precambrian and palaeozoic igneous and metamorphic rocks of the blue ridge and piedmont provinces .

The subsurface form of the thrust zone has now been traced eastwards to the northern Rhenish Massif of Germany where it was described by Meissner , Bartelsen , and Murawski ( 1981 ) as a strong reflector 3.4 km deep , dipping slightly to the south-southeast ( Fig .
the subsurface form of the thrust [area] has now been traced eastwards to the northern rhenish massif of germany where it was described by meissner , bartelsen , and murawski ( 1981 ) as a strong reflector 3.4 km deep , dipping slightly to the south-southeast ( fig .

The interpreted section shows a southeasterly-dipping fault zone 3 km deep between Chippenham and Melksham , flattening slightly as it passes below Devizes at a depth of about 7 km .
the interpreted section shows a southeasterly-dipping fault [area] 3 km deep between chippenham and melksham , flattening slightly as it passes below devizes at a depth of about 7 km .

2 on the assumption that they do in fact record the same fundamental detachment zone .
2 on the assumption that they do in fact record the same fundamental detachment [area] .

Nevertheless , assuming a practical drilling depth limit of around 6 km , which is also about the greatest depth at which economic gas could reasonably be expected to survive even assuming conservative palaeogeothermal gradients ( as discussed later ) , it is clear that exploration is likely to be confined to the hanging wall of the thrust system for all except a narrow zone adjacent to the Variscan Front .
nevertheless , assuming a practical drilling depth limit of around 6 km , which is also about the greatest depth at which economic gas could reasonably be expected to survive even assuming conservative palaeogeothermal gradients ( as discussed later ) , it is clear that exploration is likely to be confined to the hanging wall of the thrust system for all except a narrow [area] adjacent to the variscan front .

In the extreme south , the first zone includes the Lizard ophiolites with radiometric dates close to 400 Ma ( early Devonian ) .
in the extreme south , the first [area] includes the lizard ophiolites with radiometric dates close to 400 ma ( early devonian ) .

It is thrust northwards over a zone including metasediments with K-Ar dates of 365–345 Ma ( Late Devonian or Early Carboniferous ) .
it is thrust northwards over a [area] including metasediments with k-ar dates of 365–345 ma ( late devonian or early carboniferous ) .

North of the Start and Dodman Point thrusts and south of the Rusey fault zone which cuts the Cornish Atlantic coast just north of Tintagel , is a complexly overthrust zone of Devonian rocks showing intense strike-slip cleavage .
north of the start and dodman point thrusts and south of the rusey fault [area] which cuts the cornish atlantic coast just north of tintagel , is a complexly overthrust [area] of devonian rocks showing intense strike-slip cleavage .

Into this zone were later injected the West of England granites , dated at about 280 Ma ( Early Permian ) .
into this [area] were later injected the west of england granites , dated at about 280 ma ( early permian ) .

( 1982 ) the northerly dip on the Rusey and other thrusts in this zone is due to postorogenic tilting , perhaps related to the injection of the granites .
( 1982 ) the northerly dip on the rusey and other thrusts in this [area] is due to postorogenic tilting , perhaps related to the injection of the granites .

Further north , between the Cannington thrust and the Variscan Front , is a zone of folded but apparently quite unmetamorphosed ranks represented prominently at outcrop by the Carboniferous Limestone .
further north , between the cannington thrust and the variscan front , is a [area] of folded but apparently quite unmetamorphosed ranks represented prominently at outcrop by the carboniferous limestone .

The Cannington Thrust zone can be plausibly extended eastwards under Mesozoic cover and along the inverted northern margin of the Vale of Wardour anticline .
the cannington thrust [area] can be plausibly extended eastwards under mesozoic cover and along the inverted northern margin of the vale of wardour anticline .

( 1983 ) locate the Variscan Front in a zone of conjugate folds and thrusts a few miles north of the Johnston Thrust .
( 1983 ) locate the variscan front in a [area] of conjugate folds and thrusts a few miles north of the johnston thrust .

The trend of the Variscan front is conventionally drawn to link smoothly across the Severn with the over-thrust Mendip pericline or the Farmborough Compression Zone several miles north .
the trend of the variscan front is conventionally drawn to link smoothly across the severn with the over-thrust mendip pericline or the farmborough compression [area] several miles north .

Geochemical work on outcrop and borehole samples is needed to assess the source potential and maturity of rocks expected in the zone of interest , but on the whole there seem good prospects of adequate sources , particularly for gas .
geochemical work on outcrop and borehole samples is needed to assess the source potential and maturity of rocks expected in the [area] of interest , but on the whole there seem good prospects of adequate sources , particularly for gas .

The same alignment of mineral flakes could contribute to an efficient seal , provided the zone was thick enough .
the same alignment of mineral flakes could contribute to an efficient seal , provided the [area] was thick enough .

( 1981 ) , who discuss the nature of the reflection from the Midi thrust zone .
( 1981 ) , who discuss the nature of the reflection from the midi thrust [area] .

Pointing out the implications of high pore pressure and its importance in providing a lubricated detachment layer , they cite evidence from a recent earthquake in the thrust area that the zone is still ( or rather again ) seismically active in the same sense as in Variscan times .
pointing out the implications of high pore pressure and its importance in providing a lubricated detachment layer , they cite evidence from a recent earthquake in the thrust area that the [area] is still ( or rather again ) seismically active in the same sense as in variscan times .

An overpressured zone could represent an ideal seal ( diffusion apart ) .
an overpressured [area] could represent an ideal seal ( diffusion apart ) .

For this reason the zone of exploration interest has been extended to the deeper section with potential reservoirs occurring in Carboniferous and pre-Carboniferous sediments ( see Fig .
for this reason the [area] of exploration interest has been extended to the deeper section with potential reservoirs occurring in carboniferous and pre-carboniferous sediments ( see fig .

In the south they together form the Swarte Bank High , a broad zone of strong block-faulting where thick Upper Cretaceous and Tertiary section overlies strongly eroded Permian or older strata .
in the south they together form the swarte bank high , a broad [area] of strong block-faulting where thick upper cretaceous and tertiary section overlies strongly eroded permian or older strata .

The Dowsing Fault-Zone can still be distinguished as a separate structural zone which has seen Tertiary re-activation , as shown in Profile 1 .
the dowsing fault-zone can still be distinguished as a separate structural [area] which has seen tertiary re-activation , as shown in profile 1 .

Triassic and Jurassic burial combined with the effects of mid Jurassic heating brought large areas of the basin flank within the gas generation zone .
triassic and jurassic burial combined with the effects of mid jurassic heating brought large areas of the basin flank within the gas generation [area] .

The reflectance of pyrobitumen increases very rapidly with maturation , so that the assumption that the reflectance values are identical with those of vitrinite can lead to interpretational errors , especially in the narrow zone of catagenesis between immaturity and metagenesis .
the reflectance of pyrobitumen increases very rapidly with maturation , so that the assumption that the reflectance values are identical with those of vitrinite can lead to interpretational errors , especially in the narrow [area] of catagenesis between immaturity and metagenesis .

Other data points which do not plot within the standard gradient zone display reflectance values which must be considered too high for their present depth of burial .
other data points which do not plot within the standard gradient [area] display reflectance values which must be considered too high for their present depth of burial .

a minimum uplift area trending through Quadrant 44 and along the Swarte Bank Hinge Zone in Quadrant 49 ;
a minimum uplift area trending through quadrant 44 and along the swarte bank hinge [area] in quadrant 49 ;

a zone of anomalous data in the south of Quadrant 47 where predicted uplift is not in accordance with the known geological framework .
a [area] of anomalous data in the south of quadrant 47 where predicted uplift is not in accordance with the known geological framework .

However , in the south of Quadrant 47 ( the zone of anomalous data , Fig .
however , in the south of quadrant 47 ( the [area] of anomalous data , fig .

As a result , extensive leaching of ooids and bioclasts occurred in the vadose zone ( early leaching ) , and cementation occurred at deeper levels in the phreatic zone .
as a result , extensive leaching of ooids and bioclasts occurred in the vadose [area] ( early leaching ) , and cementation occurred at deeper levels in the phreatic [area] .

10 also illustrates a deeper zone that was hydraulically fractured .
10 also illustrates a deeper [area] that was hydraulically fractured .

Fussing over vertical life-lines , pondering horizontal heart and head lines and anxiously measuring the girdle of Venus and zone of intuition , seems a desperate and futile way to fill the aching emptiness in many a woman 's life .
fussing over vertical life-lines , pondering horizontal heart and head lines and anxiously measuring the girdle of venus and [area] of intuition , seems a desperate and futile way to fill the aching emptiness in many a woman 's life .

Highly-inflammable products ( eg petrol , paraffin ) must be kept in a ‘ No smoking ’ zone .
highly-inflammable products ( eg petrol , paraffin ) must be kept in a ‘ no smoking ’ [area] .

Above these is an intermediate breakdown zone resting on the sands and related to a major roof collapse , followed by several bedded sequences of breccias in which most of the fossils occur .
above these is an intermediate breakdown [area] resting on the sands and related to a major roof collapse , followed by several bedded sequences of breccias in which most of the fossils occur .

Behrensmeyer ( 1978 : 153 ) defines weathering as encompassing physical and chemical agents operating both on the surface and within the soil zone , but in the present work these two factors are kept separate .
behrensmeyer ( 1978 : 153 ) defines weathering as encompassing physical and chemical agents operating both on the surface and within the soil [area] , but in the present work these two factors are kept separate .

The spotted eagle owl is usually more an inhabitant of open country than is the Verreaux eagle owl , but it has been recorded nesting at the bottom of a 9 m shaft in a cave , well into the twilight zone ( Brain , 1981 ) .
the spotted eagle owl is usually more an inhabitant of open country than is the verreaux eagle owl , but it has been recorded nesting at the bottom of a 9 m shaft in a cave , well into the twilight [area] ( brain , 1981 ) .

Yet there is here in the English highland zone an ancient Brigantian unity , later distinguished by the northern capital of the Roman Empire at York , concreted by the establishment of the boundary of Mercia-Northumbria and the specifically Norse occupation .
yet there is here in the english highland [area] an ancient brigantian unity , later distinguished by the northern capital of the roman empire at york , concreted by the establishment of the boundary of mercia-northumbria and the specifically norse occupation .

Such agreements would be particularly useful in ensuring a ‘ Cordon Sanitaire ’ or ‘ Buffer Zone ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be permitted , around existing sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .
such agreements would be particularly useful in ensuring a ‘ cordon sanitaire ’ or ‘ buffer [area] ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be permitted , around existing sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .

The meteorologist 's briefing on the weather in the operational zone for the previous twenty-four hours left no possibility of hurricane force winds .
the meteorologist 's briefing on the weather in the operational [area] for the previous twenty-four hours left no possibility of hurricane force winds .

It took five minutes to establish the link , and for the operator to get out Delaney 's short message requesting an abort due to extreme winds in the drop zone .
it took five minutes to establish the link , and for the operator to get out delaney 's short message requesting an abort due to extreme winds in the drop [area] .

The ‘ plane lumbered around , came back into the wind , and began its second run in over the target zone .
the ‘ plane lumbered around , came back into the wind , and began its second run in over the target [area] .

‘ … in Barrier Zone one .
‘ … in barrier [area] one .

He was at the entrance to the secure lab zone .
he was at the entrance to the secure lab [area] .

It was the maximum clear zone , with the arrested bomb underneath its centre , and Forster 's ambush point at the entrance .
it was the maximum clear [area] , with the arrested bomb underneath its centre , and forster 's ambush point at the entrance .

The water table is the upper level of the roundwater zone , and slopes in rough conformity with the surface topography .
the water table is the upper level of the roundwater [area] , and slopes in rough conformity with the surface topography .

Sites will almost inevitably be in international waters outside the 200-mile ( 390 km ) exclusive economic zone and the continental shelf .
sites will almost inevitably be in international waters outside the 200-mile ( 390 km ) exclusive economic [area] and the continental shelf .

The typical ‘ downdraught gasifier ’ ( there are also updraught and crossdraught models , see figure above ) has its combustion zone , or ‘ fireball ’ , in its lower part .
the typical ‘ downdraught gasifier ’ ( there are also updraught and crossdraught models , see figure above ) has its combustion [area] , or ‘ fireball ’ , in its lower part .

The air supply is restricted so the combustion zone can spread only so far .
the air supply is restricted so the combustion [area] can spread only so far .

The hot gases produced are sucked downwards , out of this zone , into a slightly cooler area which contains unreacted carbon from the feed material .
the hot gases produced are sucked downwards , out of this [area] , into a slightly cooler area which contains unreacted carbon from the feed material .

The combustion zone heats the unreacted feedstock that surrounds it .
the combustion [area] heats the unreacted feedstock that surrounds it .

Most gasifiers are therefore designed to draw the tars through the combustion zone so that they are cracked or burned .
most gasifiers are therefore designed to draw the tars through the combustion [area] so that they are cracked or burned .

High latitude and frequent cloudiness provide only a short growing season , and a suspended peat limits photosynthesis to shallow photic ( light ) zone of about 6 m .
high latitude and frequent cloudiness provide only a short growing season , and a suspended peat limits photosynthesis to shallow photic ( light ) [area] of about 6 m .

As more farms , some extending right to the water 's edge , grow up around Chesapeake , spring and summer rains dump new sediment into its waters so that the trophic zone is reduced : bottom-growing plants are now able to photosynthesise only in shallow water .
as more farms , some extending right to the water 's edge , grow up around chesapeake , spring and summer rains dump new sediment into its waters so that the trophic [area] is reduced : bottom-growing plants are now able to photosynthesise only in shallow water .

For example , the ocean 's euphotic zone — the depth to which light penetrates sufficiently for phytoplankton to photosynthesise — can reach 100 metres .
for example , the ocean 's euphotic [area] — the depth to which light penetrates sufficiently for phytoplankton to photosynthesise — can reach 100 metres .

The bay 's shifting zone is sometimes as shallow as 30 cm .
the bay 's shifting [area] is sometimes as shallow as 30 cm .

This would allow the Argentinians to stay well clear of the exclusion zone around the Falklands Islands while at the same time being able to attack ships anywhere inside it .
this would allow the argentinians to stay well clear of the exclusion [area] around the falklands islands while at the same time being able to attack ships anywhere inside it .

After the war , the army dumped thousands of these sets on cadet forces , where they were treated far harder than in any battle zone .
after the war , the army dumped thousands of these sets on cadet forces , where they were treated far harder than in any battle [area] .

This specimen , which weighs only about 10 kilograms , shows a thin , surficial zone altered by heat ( the interior stayed cold ) , which indicates that it passed through the atmosphere as a small body and so undoubtedly made a soft landing on the ice sheet ( Figure 5 ) .
this specimen , which weighs only about 10 kilograms , shows a thin , surficial [area] altered by heat ( the interior stayed cold ) , which indicates that it passed through the atmosphere as a small body and so undoubtedly made a soft landing on the ice sheet ( figure 5 ) .

Most of the families being flooded out are receiving £90 compensation , plus the offer of 1 hectare of new land in a resettlement zone 90 km away .
most of the families being flooded out are receiving £90 compensation , plus the offer of 1 hectare of new land in a resettlement [area] 90 km away .

In this scenario the mammals emerge not as natural conquerors , but as opportunists , filling a gap , an ‘ adaptive zone ’ with a range of ecological niches , after , and only after , the old regime had run its course .
in this scenario the mammals emerge not as natural conquerors , but as opportunists , filling a gap , an ‘ adaptive [area] ’ with a range of ecological niches , after , and only after , the old regime had run its course .

‘ We have only observed a few patches this week , ’ Fakhro said , ‘ most of it is still in the war zone ’ .
‘ we have only observed a few patches this week , ’ fakhro said , ‘ most of it is still in the war [area] ’ .

Nearby was an agricultural zone with circular planting beds for date palms and possibly incense trees .
nearby was an agricultural [area] with circular planting beds for date palms and possibly incense trees .

This species circles the porcupine like a mongoose dealing with a cobra , and confuses it enough to be able to strike at its only vulnerable zone — its head .
this species circles the porcupine like a mongoose dealing with a cobra , and confuses it enough to be able to strike at its only vulnerable [area] — its head .

The term Dunrossness has numerous geographical referents , only one of which , a narrow zone in the centre of the research area , has community characteristics in Shetlanders ' eyes .
the term dunrossness has numerous geographical referents , only one of which , a narrow [area] in the centre of the research area , has community characteristics in shetlanders ' eyes .

Increased immigration militated against the absorption of new arrivals in existing Shetlander networks ; while at the same time it was accompanied by the creation of new networks composed of incomers -incomers found shared interests in what they saw as a frontier zone .
increased immigration militated against the absorption of new arrivals in existing shetlander networks ; while at the same time it was accompanied by the creation of new networks composed of incomers -incomers found shared interests in what they saw as a frontier [area] .

There is another approach which considered intentional social behaviour with regard to the outside and makes the minimum assumption that people differentiate the local environment ( in terms of group , zone , sphere or arena ) from that which is outside .
there is another approach which considered intentional social behaviour with regard to the outside and makes the minimum assumption that people differentiate the local environment ( in terms of group , [area] , sphere or arena ) from that which is outside .

The North Oxford brigade had by now formed a coherent clique at one end of the room , separated by a buffer zone of bare carpet from the jolly tradesmen .
the north oxford brigade had by now formed a coherent clique at one end of the room , separated by a buffer [area] of bare carpet from the jolly tradesmen .

It is a zone concerned entirely with rasping meat from bones or with cleaning fur .
it is a [area] concerned entirely with rasping meat from bones or with cleaning fur .

At the places where the dark zones meet the pale central part of the body there is a soft intermediate zone , rather than a sharp edge .
at the places where the dark zones meet the pale central part of the body there is a soft intermediate [area] , rather than a sharp edge .

The coarse sand produces soils which are very free-draining , and this zone includes one of the most important arable farming areas of the county .
the coarse sand produces soils which are very free-draining , and this [area] includes one of the most important arable farming areas of the county .

— The movement and maintenance of troops , equipment , weapons and food around the battle zone .
— the movement and maintenance of troops , equipment , weapons and food around the battle [area] .

And the strategic movement of armies from one zone to another .
and the strategic movement of armies from one [area] to another .

middleclass defector From the private zone tae the
middleclass defector from the private [area] tae the

King 's Road 's Mary Quant told the conference that with the advent of the miniskirt in the sixties the crotch had been redefined as the new erogenous zone .
king 's road 's mary quant told the conference that with the advent of the miniskirt in the sixties the crotch had been redefined as the new erogenous [area] .

This monetary union — the French franc Zone — facilitates trade and investment .
this monetary union — the french franc [area] — facilitates trade and investment .

The world has an image of this country as democratic , the Switzerland of Central America , and when the tourists come , they only go to the beautiful parts , but they do n't go to other parts like Batan , Limón , Los Chiles , the peasant [ communities ] in the southern zone , where people live in difficult situations .
the world has an image of this country as democratic , the switzerland of central america , and when the tourists come , they only go to the beautiful parts , but they do n't go to other parts like batan , limón , los chiles , the peasant [ communities ] in the southern [area] , where people live in difficult situations .

In 1984 , when the war was intensifying , 300 popular teachers were killed in the war zone and the popular education network which had been established was ‘ perforated ’ , according to a Ministry of Education official .
in 1984 , when the war was intensifying , 300 popular teachers were killed in the war [area] and the popular education network which had been established was ‘ perforated ’ , according to a ministry of education official .

Three issues are important in this context : land and planning considerations , financial incentives and zone designations .
three issues are important in this context : land and planning considerations , financial incentives and [area] designations .

As the first set of declaration reports were produced , it became apparent that development within the zones would not be significantly different from what would have occurred anyway ( Corby District Council , 1981 ; Newcastle upon Tyne , 1981 ; Swansea City Council , 1981 ) : planning controls were often retained along zone boundaries ; Special Industrial Uses , including noxious and dangerous processes , were still subject to control ; and , on occasion , environmental improvements were written into declaration reports .
as the first set of declaration reports were produced , it became apparent that development within the zones would not be significantly different from what would have occurred anyway ( corby district council , 1981 ; newcastle upon tyne , 1981 ; swansea city council , 1981 ) : planning controls were often retained along [area] boundaries ; special industrial uses , including noxious and dangerous processes , were still subject to control ; and , on occasion , environmental improvements were written into declaration reports .

Zone Designations
[area] designations

Corby ( Northants ) , for example , received a zone after the closure of the British Steel plant , and an associated rise to over 25 per cent in male unemployment .
corby ( northants ) , for example , received a [area] after the closure of the british steel plant , and an associated rise to over 25 per cent in male unemployment .

Some were little more than 50 hectares , although the Tyneside zone was over 450 hectares .
some were little more than 50 hectares , although the tyneside [area] was over 450 hectares .

These totals inevitably vary considerably from zone to zone , depending on its economic structure , location , and so on .
these totals inevitably vary considerably from [area] to [area] , depending on its economic structure , location , and so on .

On the other hand , a substantial minority considered that infrastructural investment was a significant factor for location within an enterprise zone .
on the other hand , a substantial minority considered that infrastructural investment was a significant factor for location within an enterprise [area] .

As stated above , the problem of desertification has been brought to public attention by famines that have resulted in immense loss of life , especially in the Sahel-Saharan zone of Africa ( reviewed in Glanz 1987 and Mortimore 1989 ) , the causes of which have been the subject of much debate and have recently been reviewed by Hulme ( 1989 ) .
as stated above , the problem of desertification has been brought to public attention by famines that have resulted in immense loss of life , especially in the sahel-saharan [area] of africa ( reviewed in glanz 1987 and mortimore 1989 ) , the causes of which have been the subject of much debate and have recently been reviewed by hulme ( 1989 ) .

There have been a plethora of studies at varying scales , which is a reflection of the Sahel zone 's extension some 6000 km from the Atlantic to the Red Sea ( Fig .
there have been a plethora of studies at varying scales , which is a reflection of the sahel [area] 's extension some 6000 km from the atlantic to the red sea ( fig .

7.1 ) as a transition zone between the Sahara Desert and the Acacia- dominated savanna lands to the south .
7.1 ) as a transition [area] between the sahara desert and the acacia- dominated savanna lands to the south .

After droughts first began in 1969 , the Sahel zone , already one of high risk , became a famine zone as crop yields declined and the remaining vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying capacity was exceeded .
after droughts first began in 1969 , the sahel [area] , already one of high risk , became a famine [area] as crop yields declined and the remaining vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying capacity was exceeded .

In contrast to the Sahel zone which is classified as semi-arid , Kuwait is arid ( Desertification Map of the World , FAO/Unesco 1977 ) so it is to be expected that desertification is a prominent problem and a major agent of environmental change .
in contrast to the sahel [area] which is classified as semi-arid , kuwait is arid ( desertification map of the world , fao/unesco 1977 ) so it is to be expected that desertification is a prominent problem and a major agent of environmental change .

More than 1 million ha are currently classified as severely saline and are mostly unsuitable for crop production because of either highly saline water in the root zone or the presence of salt crusts on the soil .
more than 1 million ha are currently classified as severely saline and are mostly unsuitable for crop production because of either highly saline water in the root [area] or the presence of salt crusts on the soil .

Where there is seasonal flooding or irrigation , as in West Africa , rice is cultivated — and specialised cash cropping is increasing in the savanna zone as a whole .
where there is seasonal flooding or irrigation , as in west africa , rice is cultivated — and specialised cash cropping is increasing in the savanna [area] as a whole .

This is a major problem in the Sahel zone where cash cropping has been mooted by Earth Report ( 1988 ) as one of the major causes of environmental degradation , and while the case presented may be oversimplified it is worth reiterating since cash cropping in general is not ( if past performance is taken as a measure ) the answer to Africa 's development problems .
this is a major problem in the sahel [area] where cash cropping has been mooted by earth report ( 1988 ) as one of the major causes of environmental degradation , and while the case presented may be oversimplified it is worth reiterating since cash cropping in general is not ( if past performance is taken as a measure ) the answer to africa 's development problems .

Each zone is currently experiencing a range of pressures which are listed in Table 7.4 .
each [area] is currently experiencing a range of pressures which are listed in table 7.4 .

As Chapters 3 and 4 illustrate , forests have featured significantly in the historic development of the world 's industrialised countries , especially in the temperate zone .
as chapters 3 and 4 illustrate , forests have featured significantly in the historic development of the world 's industrialised countries , especially in the temperate [area] .

His 28 goals were free tickets to every night-club in London and despite a quiet off-field life when he first moved to London , McAvennie finally succumbed to temptation and took his rightful place in the twilight zone .
his 28 goals were free tickets to every night-club in london and despite a quiet off-field life when he first moved to london , mcavennie finally succumbed to temptation and took his rightful place in the twilight [area] .

Ozone is an oxygen-based gas , most of which is found about 20–30km above the Earth 's surface in the zone known as the ‘ stratosphere ’ .
ozone is an oxygen-based gas , most of which is found about 20–30km above the earth 's surface in the [area] known as the ‘ stratosphere ’ .

Which zone is the rurban fringe ? ( See page 11 . )
which [area] is the rurban fringe ? ( see page 11 . )

Why is there a large twilight zone in Glasgow — the area where many buildings are being demolished and new ones erected ?
why is there a large twilight [area] in glasgow — the area where many buildings are being demolished and new ones erected ?

Why are some people repelled from the twilight zone of a city and attracted to a New Town , as shown in the photographs ?
why are some people repelled from the twilight [area] of a city and attracted to a new town , as shown in the photographs ?

This zone of farms is called the marginal fringe because it is at the upper margin for agriculture .
this [area] of farms is called the marginal fringe because it is at the upper margin for agriculture .

Painful chest especially in the right lower zone , better ( > ) for pressure .
painful chest especially in the right lower [area] , better ( > ) for pressure .

Low energy zone . You sit up ,
low energy [area] . you sit up ,

In the pages that follow , I draw on major themes of this book—the power of adult warmth , appropriate expectations , narrative conversation , make-believe play , and teaching in the “ zone ” —to show how Vygotsky ’ s sociocultural approach can serve as a guide for resolving a great many child-rearing concerns .
in the pages that follow , i draw on major themes of this book—the power of adult warmth , appropriate expectations , narrative conversation , make-believe play , and teaching in the “ [area] ” —to show how vygotsky ’ s sociocultural approach can serve as a guide for resolving a great many child-rearing concerns .

Creating a “ zone ” for learning—by ensuring that active play is fun , provides plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet child—will increase the success of these efforts .
creating a “ [area] ” for learning—by ensuring that active play is fun , provides plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet child—will increase the success of these efforts .

Consider , once again , the concept of the “ zone , ” in which teaching leads development .
consider , once again , the concept of the “ [area] , ” in which teaching leads development .

Vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ zone ” underscores that children acquire the many capacities they need to learn autonomously from the assistance of parents , teachers , and other more expert adults .
vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ [area] ” underscores that children acquire the many capacities they need to learn autonomously from the assistance of parents , teachers , and other more expert adults .

To answer this question , Vygotsky proposed a special concept : the zone of proximal development .
to answer this question , vygotsky proposed a special concept : the [area] of proximal development .

Vygotsky deﬁned the zone of proximal development as the distance between the child ’ s actual development ( the tasks the child can do individually ) and the child ’ s potential development , “ determined through problem solving under adult guidance or in collaboration with more capable peers. ” 14 The “ zone , ” as I ’ ll call it from now on , is the dynamic region in which new capacities form as children tackle culturally meaningful tasks with a mentor ’ s assistance .
vygotsky deﬁned the [area] of proximal development as the distance between the child ’ s actual development ( the tasks the child can do individually ) and the child ’ s potential development , “ determined through problem solving under adult guidance or in collaboration with more capable peers. ” 14 the “ [area] , ” as i ’ ll call it from now on , is the dynamic region in which new capacities form as children tackle culturally meaningful tasks with a mentor ’ s assistance .

Had Jessica been thinking about Tyrone ’ s “ zone , ” she might have framed the items on her list this way :
had jessica been thinking about tyrone ’ s “ [area] , ” she might have framed the items on her list this way :

For Vygotsky , a crucial aspect of parenting and the central aim of education is to provide children with experiences in their “ zone ” —activities that challenge them but that can be accomplished with sensitive adult guidance .
for vygotsky , a crucial aspect of parenting and the central aim of education is to provide children with experiences in their “ [area] ” —activities that challenge them but that can be accomplished with sensitive adult guidance .

During that dialogue , the adult continually assesses the child ’ s progress and creates the “ zone ” by keeping the task “ proximal ” —slightly above the child ’ s level of independent functioning .
during that dialogue , the adult continually assesses the child ’ s progress and creates the “ [area] ” by keeping the task “ proximal ” —slightly above the child ’ s level of independent functioning .

What features of adult–child shared activity forge the “ zone ” ?
what features of adult–child shared activity forge the “ [area] ” ?

The communicative competence inherent in intersubjectivity blossoms within a zone of proximal development in which parents and other signiﬁcant adults are “ stimulating , attentive , conﬁrmatory , interpretive , and highly supportive. ” 37 Parent–child intersubjectivity makes a vital contribution to the development of attachment , attention , language , and understanding of others ’ perspectives .
the communicative competence inherent in intersubjectivity blossoms within a [area] of proximal development in which parents and other signiﬁcant adults are “ stimulating , attentive , conﬁrmatory , interpretive , and highly supportive. ” 37 parent–child intersubjectivity makes a vital contribution to the development of attachment , attention , language , and understanding of others ’ perspectives .

Intersubjectivity makes possible a second essential ingredient for creating the “ zone ” : a support system that oers new ways of thinking about a situation .
intersubjectivity makes possible a second essential ingredient for creating the “ [area] ” : a support system that oers new ways of thinking about a situation .

Sydney ’ s father keeps the task within Sydney ’ s “ zone ” by temporarily reducing the diculty of the puzzle .
sydney ’ s father keeps the task within sydney ’ s “ [area] ” by temporarily reducing the diculty of the puzzle .

Children ’ s conversations with elaborative-style parents increase in complexity as language development proceeds , creating a zone of proximal development in which narrative competence expands .
children ’ s conversations with elaborative-style parents increase in complexity as language development proceeds , creating a [area] of proximal development in which narrative competence expands .

Older children more often embellish their descriptions with modiﬁers , such as “ My mask was ugly ” or “ The kite ﬂew high. ” At times , they even add drama by intensifying these expressions , as in “ The kite ﬂew very , very high ” and “ Grandma ate a huge bowl of oatmeal for breakfast ! ” Like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children ’ s narratives increasingly focus on people ’ s internal states—their desires , feelings , and beliefs : “ She wanted it so much ” or “ I felt bad. “ 68 Furthermore , the richness of 6-year-olds ’ evaluative remarks can be predicted from their mother ’ s evaluative statements in an adult–child conversation 3 years earlier69—a ﬁnding that underscores , once again , parents ’ vital role in creating a “ zone ” for narrative development .
older children more often embellish their descriptions with modiﬁers , such as “ my mask was ugly ” or “ the kite ﬂew high. ” at times , they even add drama by intensifying these expressions , as in “ the kite ﬂew very , very high ” and “ grandma ate a huge bowl of oatmeal for breakfast ! ” like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children ’ s narratives increasingly focus on people ’ s internal states—their desires , feelings , and beliefs : “ she wanted it so much ” or “ i felt bad. “ 68 furthermore , the richness of 6-year-olds ’ evaluative remarks can be predicted from their mother ’ s evaluative statements in an adult–child conversation 3 years earlier69—a ﬁnding that underscores , once again , parents ’ vital role in creating a “ [area] ” for narrative development .

The most important lesson we can take from Miller ’ s provocative ﬁndings is that when parents and teachers take time to construct narratives with and about the young child , they create a “ zone ” that spurs children to weave moral and social rules into their self-deﬁnitions and to behave accordingly .
the most important lesson we can take from miller ’ s provocative ﬁndings is that when parents and teachers take time to construct narratives with and about the young child , they create a “ [area] ” that spurs children to weave moral and social rules into their self-deﬁnitions and to behave accordingly .

Later in the preschool years , explanations ( “ He ’ s sad because his dog ran away ” ) are more predictive.79 Consistent with Vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ zone , ” sensitive parents adjust the way they talk about emotions to ﬁt children ’ s increasing competence .
later in the preschool years , explanations ( “ he ’ s sad because his dog ran away ” ) are more predictive.79 consistent with vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ [area] , ” sensitive parents adjust the way they talk about emotions to ﬁt children ’ s increasing competence .

Parents who intervene in their child ’ s TV viewing so it is in keeping with the “ zone ” transform the TV medium from a negative to a positive force in the child ’ s mental life , and they promote favorable cognitive and social development in many other ways as well .
parents who intervene in their child ’ s tv viewing so it is in keeping with the “ [area] ” transform the tv medium from a negative to a positive force in the child ’ s mental life , and they promote favorable cognitive and social development in many other ways as well .

Shared understanding ( intersubjectivity ) between adult and child , scaolding of new competencies , narrative conversations prompting a redeﬁnition of self , and joint engagement in culturally meaningful activities—the diverse experiences we have considered that create the zone of proximal development—appear to be at the heart of her success story .
shared understanding ( intersubjectivity ) between adult and child , scaolding of new competencies , narrative conversations prompting a redeﬁnition of self , and joint engagement in culturally meaningful activities—the diverse experiences we have considered that create the [area] of proximal development—appear to be at the heart of her success story .

Vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ zone ” clariﬁes for us the meaning of true “ quality time. ” What must we do to keep young children in the “ zone , ” motivated , involved , and ever advancing to new heights ?
vygotsky ’ s concept of the “ [area] ” clariﬁes for us the meaning of true “ quality time. ” what must we do to keep young children in the “ [area] , ” motivated , involved , and ever advancing to new heights ?

Vygotsky viewed make-believe play as crucial in children ’ s learning.5 He regarded it as a unique , broadly inﬂuential “ zone ” in which children try out a wide variety of challenging skills and acquire many culturally valued competencies .
vygotsky viewed make-believe play as crucial in children ’ s learning.5 he regarded it as a unique , broadly inﬂuential “ [area] ” in which children try out a wide variety of challenging skills and acquire many culturally valued competencies .

Why did Vygotsky say that make-believe play creates a “ zone ” in which the child is “ a head taller than himself ” ?
why did vygotsky say that make-believe play creates a “ [area] ” in which the child is “ a head taller than himself ” ?

At the ﬁrst sign of misbehavior , Cara lectures in a tone of voice well beyond her years : “ Children must obey their parents because their parents know things they don ’ t , so the parents must take care of them. ” As Cara ’ s pronouncement makes clear , play creates a “ zone ” through which preschoolers internalize a basic sense of social responsibility and morality .
at the ﬁrst sign of misbehavior , cara lectures in a tone of voice well beyond her years : “ children must obey their parents because their parents know things they don ’ t , so the parents must take care of them. ” as cara ’ s pronouncement makes clear , play creates a “ [area] ” through which preschoolers internalize a basic sense of social responsibility and morality .

Increasing emphasis on the rule-oriented side of play extends the “ zone ” forged by fantasy play during the preschool years .
increasing emphasis on the rule-oriented side of play extends the “ [area] ” forged by fantasy play during the preschool years .

Comparisons of preschoolers ’ sociodramatic activities with their social nonpretend pursuits , such as drawing pictures or putting puzzles together in the company of agemates , supports Vygotsky ’ s view of make-believe as a “ zone ” in which children enhance their own development .
comparisons of preschoolers ’ sociodramatic activities with their social nonpretend pursuits , such as drawing pictures or putting puzzles together in the company of agemates , supports vygotsky ’ s view of make-believe as a “ [area] ” in which children enhance their own development .

In line with the “ zone , ” children for whom make-believe is just emerging act more competently when playing with an adult partner than they otherwise would .
in line with the “ [area] , ” children for whom make-believe is just emerging act more competently when playing with an adult partner than they otherwise would .

Finally , the shared understanding underlying any type of adult–child communication that creates the “ zone ” is also essential in make-believe .
finally , the shared understanding underlying any type of adult–child communication that creates the “ [area] ” is also essential in make-believe .

If sociodramatic play with agemates is to serve as a “ zone ” for learning , shared understanding , or intersubjectivity , is essential , just as it is in adult– child dialogues .
if sociodramatic play with agemates is to serve as a “ [area] ” for learning , shared understanding , or intersubjectivity , is essential , just as it is in adult– child dialogues .

It would have to observe the transactions that occurred in the marketplace to ensure that they did not approach the danger zone of “ involuntary servitude. ” The war itself and this consequent postbellum policy of necessary vigilance laid the foundation for the later expressions of compassion for the weak and defenseless .
it would have to observe the transactions that occurred in the marketplace to ensure that they did not approach the danger [area] of “ involuntary servitude. ” the war itself and this consequent postbellum policy of necessary vigilance laid the foundation for the later expressions of compassion for the weak and defenseless .

Macau , now the Chinese Special Economic Zone of Zhuhai , is becoming something like a boomtown as an exporter of toys , furniture , and electronics .
macau , now the chinese special economic [area] of zhuhai , is becoming something like a boomtown as an exporter of toys , furniture , and electronics .

An Excursion to Shenzhen Shenzhen was China ’ s first Special Economic Zone .
an excursion to shenzhen shenzhen was china ’ s first special economic [area] .

A Turbo Cat ferry makes a one-hour trip ( 7am–7pm ) from Hong Kong ’ s Macau Ferry Terminal to Shekou on the Natau Peninsula , which is part of the economic zone .
a turbo cat ferry makes a one-hour trip ( 7am–7pm ) from hong kong ’ s macau ferry terminal to shekou on the natau peninsula , which is part of the economic [area] .

All you need to do is just wander off the beaten path , beyond the bustling tourist zone .
all you need to do is just wander off the beaten path , beyond the bustling tourist [area] .

Funchal ’ s new tourist zone testifies to local travel industry ambitions .
funchal ’ s new tourist [area] testifies to local travel industry ambitions .

Mangrove trees and shrubs grow on coastal marshland in the brackish zone between the sea and fresh water .
mangrove trees and shrubs grow on coastal marshland in the brackish [area] between the sea and fresh water .

Their tough-minded pragmatism survives today not only in Tokyo but also in the dynamic industrial zone that has burgeoned around it in such towns as Kawasaki and Yokohama .
their tough-minded pragmatism survives today not only in tokyo but also in the dynamic industrial [area] that has burgeoned around it in such towns as kawasaki and yokohama .

At the workaday zone of Mergellina at the western end of the harbor , the fishermen bring their morning catch into Porto Sannazaro .
at the workaday [area] of mergellina at the western end of the harbor , the fishermen bring their morning catch into porto sannazaro .

Finally , peace was agreed , with a UN buffer zone created in Golan Heights .
finally , peace was agreed , with a un buffer [area] created in golan heights .

Besançon A convenient base for side trips , the capital of the Franche-Comté region has an attractive city center around the pedestrian zone of the Grande-Rue .
besançon a convenient base for side trips , the capital of the franche-comté region has an attractive city center around the pedestrian [area] of the grande-rue .

Angers The capital city of Anjou is a perfect base for exploring the Loire Valley from its western end ; this bustling university town offers first-class modern shopping in the pedestrian zone around the Place du Ralliement .
angers the capital city of anjou is a perfect base for exploring the loire valley from its western end ; this bustling university town offers first-class modern shopping in the pedestrian [area] around the place du ralliement .

Center of the bustling life of the modern town is the airy Place de l ’ Horloge , surrounded by cafés and a pedestrian zone of smart shops along the Rue des Marchands .
center of the bustling life of the modern town is the airy place de l ’ horloge , surrounded by cafés and a pedestrian [area] of smart shops along the rue des marchands .

La Rochelle was one of the first towns to introduce a pedestrian-only zone and today free bicycles are available for visitors .
la rochelle was one of the first towns to introduce a pedestrian-only [area] and today free bicycles are available for visitors .

A cable-car ( teleferik ) links Bursa directly to the ski area ; alternatively , you can drive 36 km ( 22 miles ) up a winding mountain road to the hotel zone .
a cable-car ( teleferik ) links bursa directly to the ski area ; alternatively , you can drive 36 km ( 22 miles ) up a winding mountain road to the hotel [area] .

The newest hotel zone is due west of the city along the coast , stretching for 5 km ( 3 miles ) or so before the coast bends on the way to the small town , Câmara de Lobos , and the high cliff , Cabo Girão .
the newest hotel [area] is due west of the city along the coast , stretching for 5 km ( 3 miles ) or so before the coast bends on the way to the small town , câmara de lobos , and the high cliff , cabo girão .

This east end of Funchal is the antithesis of the opulent hotel zone to the west : It is poor and decaying , but filled with character .
this east end of funchal is the antithesis of the opulent hotel [area] to the west : it is poor and decaying , but filled with character .

The giant box of a hotel signals the start of the traditional hotel zone , flush with well-known , deluxe 5-star hotels such as the Savoy , the Madeira Carlton , and Reid ’ s , plus a few 4-star hotels , quintas , and posh restaurants .
the giant box of a hotel signals the start of the traditional hotel [area] , flush with well-known , deluxe 5-star hotels such as the savoy , the madeira carlton , and reid ’ s , plus a few 4-star hotels , quintas , and posh restaurants .

Beginning west of Reid ’ s Hote l is the newest hotel zone , known as the Zona Turista ( Tourist Zone ) .
beginning west of reid ’ s hote l is the newest hotel [area] , known as the zona turista ( tourist [area] ) .

Western Madeira Western Madeira begins just beyond the capital ’ s tourist zone .
western madeira western madeira begins just beyond the capital ’ s tourist [area] .

With so little in the way of industrial development elsewhere on the island , this zone is particularly startling .
with so little in the way of industrial development elsewhere on the island , this [area] is particularly startling .

A UN buffer zone separates the protagonists .
a un buffer [area] separates the protagonists .

North Beach , just a ten-minute walk away , is the hotel zone , built around a marina .
north beach , just a ten-minute walk away , is the hotel [area] , built around a marina .

Unlike Portuguese and Dutch trading posts in the region , Penang was declared a duty-free zone , attracting many settlers and traders .
unlike portuguese and dutch trading posts in the region , penang was declared a duty-free [area] , attracting many settlers and traders .

Farther on the road is blocked : the end of the peninsula is a military zone .
farther on the road is blocked : the end of the peninsula is a military [area] .

The neighbouring Austrian Habsburg rulers , fearful that Vienna would be the Ottoman empire ’ s next conquest , proclaimed themselves rulers of Hungary , thus creating a buffer zone between themselves and the Turks .
the neighbouring austrian habsburg rulers , fearful that vienna would be the ottoman empire ’ s next conquest , proclaimed themselves rulers of hungary , thus creating a buffer [area] between themselves and the turks .

Nautibus has four sailings a day : El Embarcadero , km 4 Cancún Hotel Zone ; Tel .
nautibus has four sailings a day : el embarcadero , km 4 cancún hotel [area] ; tel .

AquaWorld boasts various craft as well — they can be found at Kukulkán Boulevard , km 15.2 Hotel Zone ; Tel .
aquaworld boasts various craft as well — they can be found at kukulkán boulevard , km 15.2 hotel [area] ; tel .

The centrepiece of Pest ’ s pedestrian zone is Váci utca ( pronounced Vah-tsee utsa ) , the first place to visit for shopping in the city .
the centrepiece of pest ’ s pedestrian [area] is váci utca ( pronounced vah-tsee utsa ) , the first place to visit for shopping in the city .

This is also the centre of what may be called “ the Hotel Zone , ” with four luxury hotels within a very short distance of each other .
this is also the centre of what may be called “ the hotel [area] , ” with four luxury hotels within a very short distance of each other .

Just to the east of the pedestrianized zone ( across Petoﬁ Sándor utca ) are a number of intriguing buildings and two small museums .
just to the east of the pedestrianized [area] ( across petoﬁ sándor utca ) are a number of intriguing buildings and two small museums .

Continuing eastwards , just before the hotel zone , is the town centre , which has a small museum .
continuing eastwards , just before the hotel [area] , is the town centre , which has a small museum .

Along the Hotel Zone , there ’ s an ample mix of excellent hotels , and this area is also a great place for recreational watersports and convenient to Vallarta ’ s many treasures .
along the hotel [area] , there ’ s an ample mix of excellent hotels , and this area is also a great place for recreational watersports and convenient to vallarta ’ s many treasures .

Many of downtown Zihuatanejo ’ s store-lined streets are designated as zona peatonal ( pedestrian zone ) , making it especially welcoming to those who prefer to explore on foot .
many of downtown zihuatanejo ’ s store-lined streets are designated as zona peatonal ( pedestrian [area] ) , making it especially welcoming to those who prefer to explore on foot .

Most of the exhibits show that the area was an important trading zone for centuries , with items from far-off cultures such as the Teotihuacan and Toltec .
most of the exhibits show that the area was an important trading [area] for centuries , with items from far-off cultures such as the teotihuacan and toltec .

Hornitos forms the edge of the 52-acre Papagayo Park , considered to be the eastern boundary that separates Acapulco Viejo from the newer Hotel Zone .
hornitos forms the edge of the 52-acre papagayo park , considered to be the eastern boundary that separates acapulco viejo from the newer hotel [area] .

This popular , lively Hotel Zone borders Condesa and Paraiso beaches on one side , and the broad main avenue , Costera Miguel Alemán , on the other .
this popular , lively hotel [area] borders condesa and paraiso beaches on one side , and the broad main avenue , costera miguel alemán , on the other .

The production zone for Huatulco ’ s coffee is comprised of over 50,000 hectares ( 100,000 acres ) , in the small towns surrounding the Copalita River .
the production [area] for huatulco ’ s coffee is comprised of over 50,000 hectares ( 100,000 acres ) , in the small towns surrounding the copalita river .

This well-watered farming zone stretches the length of the country on its southern border with India .
this well-watered farming [area] stretches the length of the country on its southern border with india .

In World War I the US Navy Department ordered the creation of a vice-free zone for five miles around every naval base .
in world war i the us navy department ordered the creation of a vice-free [area] for five miles around every naval base .

In the 1980s the government decided to develop an exclusive resort zone at Nusa Dua , on the eastern side of the Bukit peninsula .
in the 1980s the government decided to develop an exclusive resort [area] at nusa dua , on the eastern side of the bukit peninsula .

There ’ s little traffic or noise , and no hassle from hawkers in this neatly manicured expensive hotel zone .
there ’ s little traffic or noise , and no hassle from hawkers in this neatly manicured expensive hotel [area] .

Predictably , lower-priced hotels and affordable eating places line the 5 km ( 3 miles ) of coast north of Nusa Dua ’ s hotel zone , all the way to Benoa .
predictably , lower-priced hotels and affordable eating places line the 5 km ( 3 miles ) of coast north of nusa dua ’ s hotel [area] , all the way to benoa .

Crossing from the mainland onto the island — into the area called the Hotel Zone — the lagoon with its rich mangrove forest is on the right .
crossing from the mainland onto the island — into the area called the hotel [area] — the lagoon with its rich mangrove forest is on the right .

The area around km 8.5 , where the island bends south , is the heart of the Hotel Zone , the focus for activity of all kinds .
the area around km 8.5 , where the island bends south , is the heart of the hotel [area] , the focus for activity of all kinds .

South of the Convention Center is the Hotel Zone craft market — designated the Flea Market on the sign outside .
south of the convention center is the hotel [area] craft market — designated the flea market on the sign outside .

The land in this area is mostly mangrove swamp and a haven for wildlife , being remote from the tourist activity of the Hotel Zone .
the land in this area is mostly mangrove swamp and a haven for wildlife , being remote from the tourist activity of the hotel [area] .

The Cancún Hotel Zone needs a vast number of support workers both for hotel service and continued development .
the cancún hotel [area] needs a vast number of support workers both for hotel service and continued development .

Most of them live in downtown Cancún on the mainland just a few kilometers away , an area that was developed concurrently with the Hotel Zone .
most of them live in downtown cancún on the mainland just a few kilometers away , an area that was developed concurrently with the hotel [area] .

Avenida Cobá leads from the Hotel Zone into town ; most of the important buildings on Avenida Tulum can be found to the north of Cobá .
avenida cobá leads from the hotel [area] into town ; most of the important buildings on avenida tulum can be found to the north of cobá .

Heading north , at Hi-Kuic craft market you ’ ll find the same goods as in the Hotel Zone , but a little cheaper .
heading north , at hi-kuic craft market you ’ ll find the same goods as in the hotel [area] , but a little cheaper .

Several companies offer one-day sailing trips to Isla Mujeres , often including lunch and snorkeling ; they depart from Playa Linda and Pier Tortugas in the Hotel Zone .
several companies offer one-day sailing trips to isla mujeres , often including lunch and snorkeling ; they depart from playa linda and pier tortugas in the hotel [area] .

Two kilometers ( about a mile ) east of downtown , along the coast , a hotel zone is being developed for those who want spend longer than a day in the region to explore the less populated areas , such as Sian Ka ’ an Biosphere Reserve to the south .
two kilometers ( about a mile ) east of downtown , along the coast , a hotel [area] is being developed for those who want spend longer than a day in the region to explore the less populated areas , such as sian ka ’ an biosphere reserve to the south .

The teahouse pond marks one corner of the Old Chinese City ( Nanshi ) , once deemed a danger zone for European visitors .
the teahouse pond marks one corner of the old chinese city ( nanshi ) , once deemed a danger [area] for european visitors .

Immediately across the river from the Bund and old Shanghai is the future — the Pudong New Development Zone .
immediately across the river from the bund and old shanghai is the future — the pudong new development [area] .

However , it is now the center of a Special Economic Zone for joint industrial ventures with capitalists from Hong Kong and Macau .
however , it is now the center of a special economic [area] for joint industrial ventures with capitalists from hong kong and macau .

Day tours from Hong Kong offer Shenzhen as a glimpse of life in China , but its position in an economic buffer zone makes it atypical .
day tours from hong kong offer shenzhen as a glimpse of life in china , but its position in an economic buffer [area] makes it atypical .

Along the Hotel Zone , the throwback disco Christine still manages to draw a crowd for the nightly midnight laser show , and J & B is a very hot spot for true Latin dancing ; a favorite with locals , it ’ s open until 5am .
along the hotel [area] , the throwback disco christine still manages to draw a crowd for the nightly midnight laser show , and j & b is a very hot spot for true latin dancing ; a favorite with locals , it ’ s open until 5am .

Along the main Hotel Zone , clubs are closed-in , but still offer sultry-hot music made for dancing ; among them are Alebriges , Andromeda , and Baby-O .
along the main hotel [area] , clubs are closed-in , but still offer sultry-hot music made for dancing ; among them are alebriges , andromeda , and baby-o .

However , since joining the European Union ( then the Common Market ) in 1981 , Greece has definitely moved closer to her western cousins , being one of the first wave of countries to join the Euro currency zone .
however , since joining the european union ( then the common market ) in 1981 , greece has definitely moved closer to her western cousins , being one of the first wave of countries to join the euro currency [area] .

This , and Greece ’ s agreement to join the Euro currency zone in 2002 , has resulted in a great deal of infrastructure and economic development , which has not been without its problems .
this , and greece ’ s agreement to join the euro currency [area] in 2002 , has resulted in a great deal of infrastructure and economic development , which has not been without its problems .

Sparks Street Mall , the first street in Ottawa to be paved and then the city ’ s , indeed the country ’ s , first traffic-free pedestrian zone , is a pleasant shopping area enlivened by street musicians and clowns and bordered by some first-class modern office buildings .
sparks street mall , the first street in ottawa to be paved and then the city ’ s , indeed the country ’ s , first traffic-free pedestrian [area] , is a pleasant shopping area enlivened by street musicians and clowns and bordered by some first-class modern office buildings .

East of Robson Square , the Granville Mall pedestrian shopping zone takes you down to the Harbour Centre and the waterfront .
east of robson square , the granville mall pedestrian shopping [area] takes you down to the harbour centre and the waterfront .

In 1852 the Canary Islands were declared a duty-free zone in order to stimulate the development of the archipelago and its ports as an Atlantic staging base .
in 1852 the canary islands were declared a duty-free [area] in order to stimulate the development of the archipelago and its ports as an atlantic staging base .

In recent years the duty-free zone has been transformed into a trade-free zone , into which goods are imported without restrictions from all over the world , and the luxury tax is lower than in most countries .
in recent years the duty-free [area] has been transformed into a trade-free [area] , into which goods are imported without restrictions from all over the world , and the luxury tax is lower than in most countries .

At any time of day , it ’ s worth strolling along Lincoln Road , a pedestrian zone lined with street-side cafés and collectibles shops .
at any time of day , it ’ s worth strolling along lincoln road , a pedestrian [area] lined with street-side cafés and collectibles shops .

Vedado is the city ’ s principal commercial and residential zone — the epicenter of middle-class Havana — with parks , monuments , hotels , restaurants , theaters , and the University of Havana .
vedado is the city ’ s principal commercial and residential [area] — the epicenter of middle-class havana — with parks , monuments , hotels , restaurants , theaters , and the university of havana .

Inhabitants of this zone are known to have traded with several cultures , possibly including the Polynesians .
inhabitants of this [area] are known to have traded with several cultures , possibly including the polynesians .

Two trading zones are established , and , only allowances allocated or auctioned for a given zone may be used by facilities within that zone to meet the requirement to hold allowances covering emissions .
two trading zones are established , and , only allowances allocated or auctioned for a given [area] may be used by facilities within that [area] to meet the requirement to hold allowances covering emissions .

Limitations on total emissions Section 453 establishes the annual caps on nitrogen oxides emissions affected EGUs : 1.562 million tons starting in 2008 and 1.162 million tons starting in 2018 for Zone 1 ; and 538,000 tons starting in 2008 for Zone 2 .
limitations on total emissions section 453 establishes the annual caps on nitrogen oxides emissions affected egus : 1.562 million tons starting in 2008 and 1.162 million tons starting in 2018 for [area] 1 ; and 538,000 tons starting in 2008 for [area] 2 .

Allowances will be allocated to a facility in a given zone in proportion to the sum of the baseline heat input values of affected EGUs at the facility as compared to the total baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the respective zone .
allowances will be allocated to a facility in a given [area] in proportion to the sum of the baseline heat input values of affected egus at the facility as compared to the total baseline heat input of all affected egus in the respective [area] .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the [area] for the year involved .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 2 .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected egu is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmbtu for units in [area] 1 or 0.25 lb/mmbtu for units in [area] 2 .

The 33 regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 1 States .
the 33 regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the [area] 1 states .

The regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 2 States .
the regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the [area] 2 states .

A mailer sending a quantity of mail to zone 8 might achieve a lower rate if he carries the mail to the destination mail facility .
a mailer sending a quantity of mail to [area] 8 might achieve a lower rate if he carries the mail to the destination mail facility .

The 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers had no information about either the location or the magnitude of the impact zone and were therefore unable to provide information as fundamental as whether callers were above or below the fire .
the 911 operators and fdny dispatchers had no information about either the location or the magnitude of the impact [area] and were therefore unable to provide information as fundamental as whether callers were above or below the fire .

This advice was given to callers from the North Tower for locations both above and below the impact zone .
this advice was given to callers from the north tower for locations both above and below the impact [area] .

After conferring with the chiefs in the lobby , one engine and one ladder company began climbing stairwell C at about 8:57 , with the goal of approaching the impact zone as scouting units and reporting back to the chiefs in the lobby .
after conferring with the chiefs in the lobby , one engine and one ladder company began climbing stairwell c at about 8:57 , with the goal of approaching the impact [area] as scouting units and reporting back to the chiefs in the lobby .

They had ordered units up the stairs to report back on conditions , but did not know what the impact floors were ; they did not know if any stairwells into the impact zone were clear ; and they did not know whether water for firefighting would be available on the upper floors .
they had ordered units up the stairs to report back on conditions , but did not know what the impact floors were ; they did not know if any stairwells into the impact [area] were clear ; and they did not know whether water for firefighting would be available on the upper floors .

They also did not know what the fire and impact zone looked like from the outside .
they also did not know what the fire and impact [area] looked like from the outside .

Still others remained alive in the impact zone above the 78th floor .
still others remained alive in the impact [area] above the 78th floor .

The only survivor known to have escaped from the heart of the impact zone described the 81st floor-where the wing of the plane had sliced through his office-as a `` demolition '' site in which everything was `` broken up '' and the smell of jet fuel was so strong that it was almost impossible to breathe .
the only survivor known to have escaped from the heart of the impact [area] described the 81st floor-where the wing of the plane had sliced through his office-as a `` demolition '' site in which everything was `` broken up '' and the smell of jet fuel was so strong that it was almost impossible to breathe .

Many civilians in and above the impact zone ascended the stairs .
many civilians in and above the impact [area] ascended the stairs .

Some civilians remained on affected floors , and at least one ascended from a lower point into the impact zone , to help evacuate colleagues or assist the injured .
some civilians remained on affected floors , and at least one ascended from a lower point into the impact [area] , to help evacuate colleagues or assist the injured .

There were several areas between the impact zone and the uppermost floors where conditions were better .
there were several areas between the impact [area] and the uppermost floors where conditions were better .

Just as in the North Tower , callers from below and above the impact zone were advised to remain where they were and wait for help .
just as in the north tower , callers from below and above the impact [area] were advised to remain where they were and wait for help .

According to one civilian who was evacuating down stairwell A from the heart of the impact zone and who stopped on the 31st floor in order to call 911 , I told them when they answered the phone , where I was , that I had passed somebody on the 44th floor , injured-they need to get a medic and a stretcher to this floor , and described the situation in brief , and the person then asked for my phone number , or something , and they said-they put me on hold .
according to one civilian who was evacuating down stairwell a from the heart of the impact [area] and who stopped on the 31st floor in order to call 911 , i told them when they answered the phone , where i was , that i had passed somebody on the 44th floor , injured-they need to get a medic and a stretcher to this floor , and described the situation in brief , and the person then asked for my phone number , or something , and they said-they put me on hold .

Evacuation tones were heard in locations both above and below the impact zone .
evacuation tones were heard in locations both above and below the impact [area] .

These civilians may have been descending from at or above the impact zone .
these civilians may have been descending from at or above the impact [area] .

As a result , chiefs in the lobby disagreed over whether anyone at or above the impact zone possibly could be rescued , or whether there should be even limited firefighting for the purpose of cutting exit routes through fire zones .
as a result , chiefs in the lobby disagreed over whether anyone at or above the impact [area] possibly could be rescued , or whether there should be even limited firefighting for the purpose of cutting exit routes through fire zones .

Many units were simply instructed to ascend toward the impact zone and report back to the lobby via radio .
many units were simply instructed to ascend toward the impact [area] and report back to the lobby via radio .

Some units were directed to assist specific groups of individuals trapped in elevators or in offices well below the impact zone .
some units were directed to assist specific groups of individuals trapped in elevators or in offices well below the impact [area] .

Upon learning from a company security official that the impact zone began at the 78th floor , a ladder company transmitted this information , and the battalion chief directed an engine company staged on the 40th floor to attempt to find an elevator to reach that upper level .
upon learning from a company security official that the impact [area] began at the 78th floor , a ladder company transmitted this information , and the battalion chief directed an engine company staged on the 40th floor to attempt to find an elevator to reach that upper level .

By that time the battalion chief had reached the 78th floor on stairwell A ; he reported that it looked open to the 79th floor , well into the impact zone .
by that time the battalion chief had reached the 78th floor on stairwell a ; he reported that it looked open to the 79th floor , well into the impact [area] .

Still others began climbing toward the impact zone .
still others began climbing toward the impact [area] .

At 9:11 , the PAPD Superintendent and an inspector began walking up stairwell B of the North Tower to assess damage near and in the impact zone .
at 9:11 , the papd superintendent and an inspector began walking up stairwell b of the north tower to assess damage near and in the impact [area] .

Below the impact zone , it is likely that most civilians who were physically and emotionally capable of descending had exited the tower .
below the impact [area] , it is likely that most civilians who were physically and emotionally capable of descending had exited the tower .

As a result of the efforts of first responders , assistance from each other , and their own good instincts and goodwill , the vast majority of civilians below the impact zone were able to evacuate the towers .
as a result of the efforts of first responders , assistance from each other , and their own good instincts and goodwill , the vast majority of civilians below the impact [area] were able to evacuate the towers .

Of this number , 1,942 or 94.64 percent either worked or were supposed to attend a meeting at or above the respective impact zones of the Twin Towers ; only 110 , or 5.36 percent of those who died , worked below the impact zone .
of this number , 1,942 or 94.64 percent either worked or were supposed to attend a meeting at or above the respective impact zones of the twin towers ; only 110 , or 5.36 percent of those who died , worked below the impact [area] .

While a given person 's office location at the WTC does not definitively indicate where that individual died that morning or whether he or she could have evacuated , these data strongly suggest that the evacuation was a success for civilians below the impact zone .
while a given person 's office location at the wtc does not definitively indicate where that individual died that morning or whether he or she could have evacuated , these data strongly suggest that the evacuation was a success for civilians below the impact [area] .

Civilians at or above the impact zone in the North Tower had the smallest hope of survival .
civilians at or above the impact [area] in the north tower had the smallest hope of survival .

These operators and dispatchers were one of the only sources of information for individuals at and above the impact zone of the towers .
these operators and dispatchers were one of the only sources of information for individuals at and above the impact [area] of the towers .

For the zone of impact , see National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) report , `` Interim Report on the Federal Building Fire Safety Investigation of the World Trade Center , '' June 28 , 2004 .
for the [area] of impact , see national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) report , `` interim report on the federal building fire safety investigation of the world trade center , '' june 28 , 2004 .

For the impact zone , see NIST report , `` Interim Report on the Federal Building and Fire Safety Investigation of the World Trade Center , '' June 18 , 2004 , appendix H-41 .
for the impact [area] , see nist report , `` interim report on the federal building and fire safety investigation of the world trade center , '' june 18 , 2004 , appendix h-41 .

For conditions in the impact zone above the 78th floor , see Civilian interview 4 ( Mar .
for conditions in the impact [area] above the 78th floor , see civilian interview 4 ( mar .

However , in areas near the impact zone some doors leading to the stairwell may have jammed .
however , in areas near the impact [area] some doors leading to the stairwell may have jammed .

Based on conditions described by civilians who descended stairwell A from at or above the impact zone , we conclude that stairwell A may have become effectively impassable as the morning progressed .
based on conditions described by civilians who descended stairwell a from at or above the impact [area] , we conclude that stairwell a may have become effectively impassable as the morning progressed .

On units ascending to the impact zone , see , e.g. , FDNY interview 16 , Battalion 1 ( Jan. 20 , 2004 ) ; FDNY interview 40 , Battalion 4 ( Feb. 12 , 2004 ) .
on units ascending to the impact [area] , see , e.g. , fdny interview 16 , battalion 1 ( jan. 20 , 2004 ) ; fdny interview 40 , battalion 4 ( feb. 12 , 2004 ) .

On tasks below the impact zone , see FDNY interview 9 , Battalion 8 ( Jan. 9 , 2004 ) ; FDNY interview , transcript 16 , Battalion 31 , Dec. 20 , 2001 .
on tasks below the impact [area] , see fdny interview 9 , battalion 8 ( jan. 9 , 2004 ) ; fdny interview , transcript 16 , battalion 31 , dec. 20 , 2001 .

For others climbing toward the impact zone , see PAPD statement 4 , Administration Command , Nov. 24 , 2001 .
for others climbing toward the impact [area] , see papd statement 4 , administration command , nov. 24 , 2001 .

It is possible that a person who worked above the impact zone had not yet reached his or her office and was killed below the impact zone , either by falling debris , by the fireballs that exploded into the lobby , or by being trapped in an elevator .
it is possible that a person who worked above the impact [area] had not yet reached his or her office and was killed below the impact [area] , either by falling debris , by the fireballs that exploded into the lobby , or by being trapped in an elevator .

Individuals below the impact zone may have been killed for the same reasons .
individuals below the impact [area] may have been killed for the same reasons .

This second group of tribals would take him to a desert landing zone already tested in the 1997 Kansi capture .
this second group of tribals would take him to a desert landing [area] already tested in the 1997 kansi capture .

Designed specifically for the special forces , the version of the AC-130 known as `` Spooky '' can fly in fast or from high altitude , undetected by radar ; guided to its zone by extraordinarily complex electronics , it is capable of rapidly firing precision-guided 25 , 40 , and 105 mm projectiles .
designed specifically for the special forces , the version of the ac-130 known as `` spooky '' can fly in fast or from high altitude , undetected by radar ; guided to its [area] by extraordinarily complex electronics , it is capable of rapidly firing precision-guided 25 , 40 , and 105 mm projectiles .

This was in our strike zone , '' a senior military officer said .
this was in our strike [area] , '' a senior military officer said .

The CIA 's zone defense concentrated on `` where , '' not `` who . ''
the cia 's [area] defense concentrated on `` where , '' not `` who . ''

Had its information been shared with the FBI , a combination of the CIA 's zone defense and the FBI 's man-to-man approach might have been productive .
had its information been shared with the fbi , a combination of the cia 's [area] defense and the fbi 's man-to-man approach might have been productive .

Within the four selected zones , using health-care facility lists compiled by Nigeria 's Federal Ministry of Health [ 17 ] , we identified states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly selected one of these states from each zone .
within the four selected zones , using health-care facility lists compiled by nigeria 's federal ministry of health [ 17 ] , we identified states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly selected one of these states from each [area] .

By the spring of 2003 , almost 40,000 deer had been sacrificed and sampled for the disease , both within and without a 411 square-mile ( 1065 square-kilometer ) region dubbed the eradication zone .
by the spring of 2003 , almost 40,000 deer had been sacrificed and sampled for the disease , both within and without a 411 square-mile ( 1065 square-kilometer ) region dubbed the eradication [area] .

In the eradication zone , it was 6 % –7 % , although in the outlying region it was only 1 % –2 % .
in the eradication [area] , it was 6 % –7 % , although in the outlying region it was only 1 % –2 % .

Indeed , the NMFS is set to propose a Code of Conduct for Offshore Aquaculture , which would open up the 200-mile ( 322-km ) United States Exclusive Economic Zone to net pens seaward of coastal state boundaries and authorities .
indeed , the nmfs is set to propose a code of conduct for offshore aquaculture , which would open up the 200-mile ( 322-km ) united states exclusive economic [area] to net pens seaward of coastal state boundaries and authorities .

Someone draws lines on a map high in an office in Brasilia , but when you go out to that place in the forest , no one knows it 's a conservation zone . ”
someone draws lines on a map high in an office in brasilia , but when you go out to that place in the forest , no one knows it 's a conservation [area] . ”

Another crucial question is how quickly vaccinated individuals acquire protection , and thus whether the vaccine would be suitable for creating a ring of vaccination around an outbreak zone , the most likely early application of a promising candidate vaccine .
another crucial question is how quickly vaccinated individuals acquire protection , and thus whether the vaccine would be suitable for creating a ring of vaccination around an outbreak [area] , the most likely early application of a promising candidate vaccine .

The fungus grows in a mycelial phase ( see Box 1 ) in the soil within a geographically delineated area of the United States known as the Lower Sonoran Life Zone [ 2 ] .
the fungus grows in a mycelial phase ( see box 1 ) in the soil within a geographically delineated area of the united states known as the lower sonoran life [area] [ 2 ] .

This semiarid zone encompasses the southern parts of Texas , Arizona , New Mexico , and much of central and southern California ( Figure 1 ) .
this semiarid [area] encompasses the southern parts of texas , arizona , new mexico , and much of central and southern california ( figure 1 ) .

It also provides the city , state and nation with a unique educational resource for garden design , plant material selection and plant husbandry ( especially for those in the Zone 5 growing region ) .
it also provides the city , state and nation with a unique educational resource for garden design , plant material selection and plant husbandry ( especially for those in the [area] 5 growing region ) .

Cy is supine on the floor of the Jebel Ali Free Zone mall , having fainted while arguing with Vyv all the way from Dubai Airport .
cy is supine on the floor of the jebel ali free [area] mall , having fainted while arguing with vyv all the way from dubai airport .

Dubai has the world 's best shopping , '' said Cyril to Timmy and Joseph as they walked through the marble and gold portals of Jebel Ali Free Zone .
dubai has the world 's best shopping , '' said cyril to timmy and joseph as they walked through the marble and gold portals of jebel ali free [area] .

Next to Dubai 's main port is the Jebel Ali free trade zone , a haven for freewheeling international companies .
next to dubai 's main port is the jebel ali free trade [area] , a haven for freewheeling international companies .

Quotations from L Da Vinci 's Tratatto , taken from Leo Steinberg 's Leonardo 's Incessant Last Supper , 2001 , NY : ZONE Books , p27 & n14 .
quotations from l da vinci 's tratatto , taken from leo steinberg 's leonardo 's incessant last supper , 2001 , ny : [area] books , p27 & n14 .

The Washington Post lead is the ceremony in the Panama Canal Zone marking the imminent transfer of the waterway to Panamanian control .
the washington post lead is the ceremony in the panama canal [area] marking the imminent transfer of the waterway to panamanian control .

It could have been a movie I have n't yet seen : Tim Roth 's The War Zone , Hurricane , Any Given Sunday , Errol Morris 's Mr. Death .
it could have been a movie i have n't yet seen : tim roth 's the war [area] , hurricane , any given sunday , errol morris 's mr. death .

Police threatened to arrest anyone who ventured into the zone without `` legitimate business . ''
police threatened to arrest anyone who ventured into the [area] without `` legitimate business . ''

We speak a private language -- The Big Dance , PTP , zone press , subregionals -- and you do n't .
we speak a private language -- the big dance , ptp , [area] press , subregionals -- and you do n't .

For the most part , though , Nerve is a hug-free zone .
for the most part , though , nerve is a hug-free [area] .

Wednesday , several Iraqi fighter jets zipped into the `` no-fly '' zone over southern Iraq , encountered U.S. and British warplanes , and sped away without firing .
wednesday , several iraqi fighter jets zipped into the `` no-fly '' [area] over southern iraq , encountered u.s. and british warplanes , and sped away without firing .

Groove could also refer to the path between a pitcher and the strike zone ( and had done so since the turn of the century ) ; a pitcher who was throwing `` in the groove '' was throwing very well .
groove could also refer to the path between a pitcher and the strike [area] ( and had done so since the turn of the century ) ; a pitcher who was throwing `` in the groove '' was throwing very well .

The night before the game , Eugene Robinson , one of five Falcons visiting the zone north of downtown Miami , was arrested for soliciting a prostitute .
the night before the game , eugene robinson , one of five falcons visiting the [area] north of downtown miami , was arrested for soliciting a prostitute .

What was Soviet Central Asia is now a free-fire zone : Drug , mineral , and arms barons compete for power , while legitimate governments of the region are patsies by comparison .
what was soviet central asia is now a free-fire [area] : drug , mineral , and arms barons compete for power , while legitimate governments of the region are patsies by comparison .

The `` Youth Zone `` explains Bush 's view of politics -- it 's just like baseball !
the `` youth [area] `` explains bush 's view of politics -- it 's just like baseball !

The thousands of volunteers who poured into the earthquake zone will not easily forget the power they were able to mobilize . ''
the thousands of volunteers who poured into the earthquake [area] will not easily forget the power they were able to mobilize . ''

These are the rules for prostitutes working for one Taiwanese bar owner in Tokyo 's Kabukicho , or `` entertainment zone . ''
these are the rules for prostitutes working for one taiwanese bar owner in tokyo 's kabukicho , or `` entertainment [area] . ''

Russia agreed to share control of the airport but still demands its own peacekeeping zone .
russia agreed to share control of the airport but still demands its own peacekeeping [area] .

Western officials say that Russia is too Serb-friendly to be entrusted with such authority and that Kosovars wo n't resettle in a Russian-controlled zone .
western officials say that russia is too serb-friendly to be entrusted with such authority and that kosovars wo n't resettle in a russian-controlled [area] .

The likely compromise : a Russian `` zone of responsibility '' inside a NATO-controlled area .
the likely compromise : a russian `` [area] of responsibility '' inside a nato-controlled area .

The question pundits are too coarse to contemplate is whether there 's a zone between passive innocence and active manipulation .
the question pundits are too coarse to contemplate is whether there 's a [area] between passive innocence and active manipulation .

It 's the same twilight zone that Steven Spielberg attempted to capture in Saving Private Ryan ( 1998 ) .
it 's the same twilight [area] that steven spielberg attempted to capture in saving private ryan ( 1998 ) .

Hot Zone author Richard Preston , the Alfred Hitchcock of germ terror , has described murderous jungle viruses this way : `` The Earth is mounting an immune response against the human species .
hot [area] author richard preston , the alfred hitchcock of germ terror , has described murderous jungle viruses this way : `` the earth is mounting an immune response against the human species .

Like the next one , this put us into the gray zone for a lager test .
like the next one , this put us into the gray [area] for a lager test .

COX FREE FLIGHT HELICOPTER , ATTACK COBRA $ 29.99 -- Believed to be particularly effective when parked near the combat zone .
cox free flight helicopter , attack cobra $ 29.99 -- believed to be particularly effective when parked near the combat [area] .

Roger Ebert ( Chicago Sun-Times ) sums it up : `` [ It 's ] a comedy dead zone .
roger ebert ( chicago sun-times ) sums it up : `` [ it 's ] a comedy dead [area] .

The key , it seems to Prudie , is that you are close friends , and that he tolerates it -- though uncomfortably -- while you want to accommodate his comfort zone .
the key , it seems to prudie , is that you are close friends , and that he tolerates it -- though uncomfortably -- while you want to accommodate his comfort [area] .

Russian officials deny that the Chechen skirmishes are the beginning of a full invasion ; they only seek to establish a security zone to control traffic in and out of the republic , and to protect Dagestan from invasion .
russian officials deny that the chechen skirmishes are the beginning of a full invasion ; they only seek to establish a security [area] to control traffic in and out of the republic , and to protect dagestan from invasion .

Sex is n't the issue , I think ; the consumer culture has trivialized adult experiences of responsibility , flattened out intimacy so that it appears a zone in which people , women as well as men , are pulled between self development and obligation to others : Ozzie and Harriet vs .
sex is n't the issue , i think ; the consumer culture has trivialized adult experiences of responsibility , flattened out intimacy so that it appears a [area] in which people , women as well as men , are pulled between self development and obligation to others : ozzie and harriet vs .

The conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large FARC-controlled territory , but stalled when officials requested that an international verification committee monitor the zone .
the conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large farc-controlled territory , but stalled when officials requested that an international verification committee monitor the [area] .

The assertion that Java is about as hard for a COBOL programmer to learn as C is sent the needle on my BS detector into the red zone .
the assertion that java is about as hard for a cobol programmer to learn as c is sent the needle on my bs detector into the red [area] .

The ultimate effect is that this article treads close to the danger zone .
the ultimate effect is that this article treads close to the danger [area] .

The context is too spooky , and the conversations creep into the red zone when the father offers to demonstrate his technique .
the context is too spooky , and the conversations creep into the red [area] when the father offers to demonstrate his technique .

How do the Republicans break through the Democrats ' defense and carry the ball into the end zone ?
how do the republicans break through the democrats ' defense and carry the ball into the end [area] ?

The Star also reports that Hillary decreed the White House was not an underwear-free zone after an intern who favored microminiskirts regularly came to work with her private parts exposed .
the star also reports that hillary decreed the white house was not an underwear-free [area] after an intern who favored microminiskirts regularly came to work with her private parts exposed .

For instance , Culturebox , who lives in suburban Pelham , N.Y. , and works at Microsoft -- where Alice McDermott 's novel Charming Billy and Bill Gates ' Business @ the Speed of Thought are the two top books , respectively -- gets not only to spy on her neighbors and co-workers but also to find out what her fellow citizens in Anniston , Ala. , and counterparts at a competing high-tech company , IBM , are reading : Jerry Jenkins and Tim LaHaye 's wacked-out Christian sci-fi thriller Apollyon : The Destroyer Is Unleashed , and a boring-sounding book called The Profit Zone : How Strategic Business Design Will Lead You to Tomorrow 's Profits , respectively .
for instance , culturebox , who lives in suburban pelham , n.y. , and works at microsoft -- where alice mcdermott 's novel charming billy and bill gates ' business @ the speed of thought are the two top books , respectively -- gets not only to spy on her neighbors and co-workers but also to find out what her fellow citizens in anniston , ala. , and counterparts at a competing high-tech company , ibm , are reading : jerry jenkins and tim lahaye 's wacked-out christian sci-fi thriller apollyon : the destroyer is unleashed , and a boring-sounding book called the profit [area] : how strategic business design will lead you to tomorrow 's profits , respectively .

The park was Great America , and the ride was Drop Zone , which apparently is n't a roller coaster .
the park was great america , and the ride was drop [area] , which apparently is n't a roller coaster .

Within that zone , people may not , without consent , approach anyone within 8 feet to engage in `` oral protest , education , or counseling '' on a public sidewalk .
within that [area] , people may not , without consent , approach anyone within 8 feet to engage in `` oral protest , education , or counseling '' on a public sidewalk .

The white zone is for immediate loading and unloading of passengers only .
the white [area] is for immediate loading and unloading of passengers only .

The fact that each book so far allows him a greater measure of fallibility -- and that some characters seem to slip and slide in the twilight zone between benign and malevolent wizardry -- suggests that Rowling may be aware of these possibilities .
the fact that each book so far allows him a greater measure of fallibility -- and that some characters seem to slip and slide in the twilight [area] between benign and malevolent wizardry -- suggests that rowling may be aware of these possibilities .

The LAT reports that many Turks are leaving the earthquake zone because of a lack of shelter , fear of disease , and doubts that the devastated cities will be rebuilt .
the lat reports that many turks are leaving the earthquake [area] because of a lack of shelter , fear of disease , and doubts that the devastated cities will be rebuilt .

All the papers lead with weaker-than-expected Hurricane Bret , while continuing to front updates on relief efforts in the Turkish earthquake zone .
all the papers lead with weaker-than-expected hurricane bret , while continuing to front updates on relief efforts in the turkish earthquake [area] .

The WP carries the story inside , but look for more intense coverage in the days to come , for two reasons : 1 ) New York 's birds are about to fly south and 2 ) Many of the nation 's media elites live inside the virus zone .
the wp carries the story inside , but look for more intense coverage in the days to come , for two reasons : 1 ) new york 's birds are about to fly south and 2 ) many of the nation 's media elites live inside the virus [area] .

It was opening night for Disney 's ESPN Zone , a shiny new theme restaurant suggestively located on the ground floor of the shiny new Condé Nast building .
it was opening night for disney 's espn [area] , a shiny new theme restaurant suggestively located on the ground floor of the shiny new condé nast building .

Seven o'clock Thursday morning , the Sci-Fi Channel launches its Twilight Zone marathon -- 21 hours of the eeriest series ever .
seven o'clock thursday morning , the sci-fi channel launches its twilight [area] marathon -- 21 hours of the eeriest series ever .

Reading further on the front page does reveal the possibility of an expanded no-fly zone , but mainly yields the `` information '' that after the action , the U.S. will `` put in place a post-strike program that would strengthen and potentially broaden the U.N. mandate inside Iraq , '' which the reader `` learns , '' will `` reconstitute '' the U.N. weapons inspection team to `` make it more effective as it searches for weapons . ''
reading further on the front page does reveal the possibility of an expanded no-fly [area] , but mainly yields the `` information '' that after the action , the u.s. will `` put in place a post-strike program that would strengthen and potentially broaden the u.n. mandate inside iraq , '' which the reader `` learns , '' will `` reconstitute '' the u.n. weapons inspection team to `` make it more effective as it searches for weapons . ''

The Los Angeles Times goes with the conclusion of the economic summit in Chile , where the U.S. and 33 other nations decided to go forward with plans to create a free-trade zone throughout the Americas by 2005 .
the los angeles times goes with the conclusion of the economic summit in chile , where the u.s. and 33 other nations decided to go forward with plans to create a free-trade [area] throughout the americas by 2005 .

He has to do everything -- call pitches , throw out base-stealers , reposition infielders , chase down foul balls , calm pitchers , doctor the ball , establish a rapport with the umpire so he calls a big strike zone , chase bunts , run down toward first base to back up the throw from shortstop and , worst of all , guard home plate even if it means getting bowled over by charging opponents .
he has to do everything -- call pitches , throw out base-stealers , reposition infielders , chase down foul balls , calm pitchers , doctor the ball , establish a rapport with the umpire so he calls a big strike [area] , chase bunts , run down toward first base to back up the throw from shortstop and , worst of all , guard home plate even if it means getting bowled over by charging opponents .

It is the catcher , low to the ground , with that shadowy zone around his groin , who must call the pitch .
it is the catcher , low to the ground , with that shadowy [area] around his groin , who must call the pitch .

Illegal defense occurs when a defender plays zone rather than man-to-man .
illegal defense occurs when a defender plays [area] rather than man-to-man .

Great Britain has refused to become part of the euro currency zone , so there 's something ironic about a British company serving as the avatar of globalization , European-style .
great britain has refused to become part of the euro currency [area] , so there 's something ironic about a british company serving as the avatar of globalization , european-style .

If you covered the headline in the San Francisco Chronicle -- '' Turmoil in Seattle Streets '' -- and just looked at the picture of official-looking guys with clubs and helmets and prole-looking folks in heavy coats and scarves , you 'd think it was some Eastern European war zone .
if you covered the headline in the san francisco chronicle -- '' turmoil in seattle streets '' -- and just looked at the picture of official-looking guys with clubs and helmets and prole-looking folks in heavy coats and scarves , you 'd think it was some eastern european war [area] .

Should it turn out that Gore , as the son of a senator , had a kind of safe-conduct pass through the war zone , it would call into doubt just how courageous and self-sacrificing his decision to volunteer was .
should it turn out that gore , as the son of a senator , had a kind of safe-conduct pass through the war [area] , it would call into doubt just how courageous and self-sacrificing his decision to volunteer was .

I know , for since then I have been to : the Tunnel , the Red Zone , Mirage , Visage , Mars , Save the Robots , the Ice Palace , Crisco Disco , G.G .
i know , for since then i have been to : the tunnel , the red [area] , mirage , visage , mars , save the robots , the ice palace , crisco disco , g.g .

You rightfully report my `` lament '' at the displacement of an embedded Amendment , and then quote my argument about the increasing power of government to zone cyberspace .
you rightfully report my `` lament '' at the displacement of an embedded amendment , and then quote my argument about the increasing power of government to [area] cyberspace .

It becomes possible , that is , to zone the net , and to re-empower government control over behavior on the Net .
it becomes possible , that is , to [area] the net , and to re-empower government control over behavior on the net .

In other words , they 're willing to admit to a mistake in a non-combat zone , when lots of supervisors are involved , with lots of lead time , and involving simple technology but ca n't contemplate a mistake when none of these favorable conditions obtain .
in other words , they 're willing to admit to a mistake in a non-combat [area] , when lots of supervisors are involved , with lots of lead time , and involving simple technology but ca n't contemplate a mistake when none of these favorable conditions obtain .

Does this mean the U.S. really is taking over the world and I can now expect my Congressperson to come knocking here in good old God zone next election ?
does this mean the u.s. really is taking over the world and i can now expect my congressperson to come knocking here in good old god [area] next election ?

Washington may be the spawning ground of talking heads and the prime target of right-wing talk radio , but when it comes to magazines , D.C. remains a no-talking zone .
washington may be the spawning ground of talking heads and the prime target of right-wing talk radio , but when it comes to magazines , d.c. remains a no-talking [area] .

Today , the Jewish state maintains only a thin security zone in southern Lebanon ; deeper in Lebanon , Hezbollah guerillas now operate openly in territory once policed by Israeli forces .
today , the jewish state maintains only a thin security [area] in southern lebanon ; deeper in lebanon , hezbollah guerillas now operate openly in territory once policed by israeli forces .

While Spain 's El Mundo editorialized that `` Europe Must Mobilize To Help the Refugees , '' Dawn Neeson articulated a much less charitable position in Britain 's mass-circulation tabloid Daily Star : `` It 's hard not to be moved by the pictures of Kosovan refugees streaming out of the war zone , especially the terrified kids .
while spain 's el mundo editorialized that `` europe must mobilize to help the refugees , '' dawn neeson articulated a much less charitable position in britain 's mass-circulation tabloid daily star : `` it 's hard not to be moved by the pictures of kosovan refugees streaming out of the war [area] , especially the terrified kids .

Then , a decade ago , as the military redefined the B-2 's mission from an H-bomb taxi to a deliverer of conventional bombs , a Republican senator from Maine articulated the silliness of the concept : `` It 's the equivalent of saying we 're going to send a Rolls-Royce down into a combat zone to pick up groceries . ''
then , a decade ago , as the military redefined the b-2 's mission from an h-bomb taxi to a deliverer of conventional bombs , a republican senator from maine articulated the silliness of the concept : `` it 's the equivalent of saying we 're going to send a rolls-royce down into a combat [area] to pick up groceries . ''

Meanwhile , the Serbs ' role in pushing the refugees onto the road in the middle of a war zone was scarcely mentioned .
meanwhile , the serbs ' role in pushing the refugees onto the road in the middle of a war [area] was scarcely mentioned .

Corriere della Sera of Milan carried a front-page report that the southeast Italian region of Apulia has experienced a 40 percent fall in summer tourist bookings because of the Kosovo conflict and has appealed to the Italian government to declare it an economic crisis zone .
corriere della sera of milan carried a front-page report that the southeast italian region of apulia has experienced a 40 percent fall in summer tourist bookings because of the kosovo conflict and has appealed to the italian government to declare it an economic crisis [area] .

The cover story claims that Serb brinkmanship spurred some NATO concessions during negotiations , including the extra four days for withdrawal of Serb troops and a trimmed demilitarized zone .
the cover story claims that serb brinkmanship spurred some nato concessions during negotiations , including the extra four days for withdrawal of serb troops and a trimmed demilitarized [area] .

The story quoted Hoshyar Zibari , a leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party , which controls western Kurdistan , as saying , `` We would need to have a no-fly , no-drive zone protecting our cities from Iraqi government retaliation if we were to co-operate with the Iraqi opposition . ''
the story quoted hoshyar zibari , a leader of the kurdistan democratic party , which controls western kurdistan , as saying , `` we would need to have a no-fly , no-drive [area] protecting our cities from iraqi government retaliation if we were to co-operate with the iraqi opposition . ''

Jazz musicians did indeed use the term to indicate being `` in the zone , '' but it did n't necessarily refer to the grooves of a record .
jazz musicians did indeed use the term to indicate being `` in the [area] , '' but it did n't necessarily refer to the grooves of a record .

I represented the United States government on the radio from Chicago , Illinois , and was heard throughout the United States , Europe , and the Pacific War Zone .
i represented the united states government on the radio from chicago , illinois , and was heard throughout the united states , europe , and the pacific war [area] .

Do you know anything about the Zone diet ?
do you know anything about the [area] diet ?

My friend is seeing a nutritionist who has him following the basic premise of the Zone .
my friend is seeing a nutritionist who has him following the basic premise of the [area] .

Prudie knows people who swear by the Zone , and others who swear at it .
prudie knows people who swear by the [area] , and others who swear at it .

Your response to the query about the Zone Diet was rich in common sense and went halfway toward torpedoing the trendy , useless diet industry .
your response to the query about the [area] diet was rich in common sense and went halfway toward torpedoing the trendy , useless diet industry .

The Clinton administration 's position is that the Internet should be a federal duty-free zone .
the clinton administration 's position is that the internet should be a federal duty-free [area] .

The United States , France , Britain , and Turkey delivered humanitarian aid , established a no-fly zone , and pressured Hussein to withdraw from Kurdish territory .
the united states , france , britain , and turkey delivered humanitarian aid , established a no-fly [area] , and pressured hussein to withdraw from kurdish territory .

The old spin , articulated by Bob Dole in the Los Angeles Times : Serb strongman Slobodan Milosevic is up to his old brutality and , if another Bosnia is to be averted , NATO must quickly impose a no-fly zone and threaten airstrikes .
the old spin , articulated by bob dole in the los angeles times : serb strongman slobodan milosevic is up to his old brutality and , if another bosnia is to be averted , nato must quickly impose a no-fly [area] and threaten airstrikes .

The big story was an agreement to begin talks on a hemispheric free trade zone .
the big story was an agreement to begin talks on a hemispheric free trade [area] .

If you have major-league aspirations and ca n't manage to live in the city , you 're better off moving out past the suburban Zone of Shame and living full time in the kind of lovely small town where major leaguers spend weekends and summers .
if you have major-league aspirations and ca n't manage to live in the city , you 're better off moving out past the suburban [area] of shame and living full time in the kind of lovely small town where major leaguers spend weekends and summers .

Groups like the Republic of Texas exist in a murky gray zone where relatively harmless right-wing bigmouths meet the frightening shriekers of renegade militias , raising the question : At what point does nutty end and scary begin ?
groups like the republic of texas exist in a murky gray [area] where relatively harmless right-wing bigmouths meet the frightening shriekers of renegade militias , raising the question : at what point does nutty end and scary begin ?

What do the U.S. Navy shootdown of an Iranian airliner , the `` friendly fire '' missile attacks on Allied troops during the Gulf War , the Tailhook sexual assaults , and the U.S. Air Force shootdown of two U.S. Army helicopters in the Iraqi no-fly zone all have in common ?
what do the u.s. navy shootdown of an iranian airliner , the `` friendly fire '' missile attacks on allied troops during the gulf war , the tailhook sexual assaults , and the u.s. air force shootdown of two u.s. army helicopters in the iraqi no-fly [area] all have in common ?

Another : according to the WP , the White House acknowledged yesterday that a Democratic pep rally on the South Lawn immediately after Clinton was impeached provoked many in Congress and promised that if Clinton is not convicted the White House would be a `` gloat-free zone . ''
another : according to the wp , the white house acknowledged yesterday that a democratic pep rally on the south lawn immediately after clinton was impeached provoked many in congress and promised that if clinton is not convicted the white house would be a `` gloat-free [area] . ''

The Los Angeles Times and Washington Post lead with yesterday 's skirmish between an Iraqi anti-air missile battery and several American combat aircraft enforcing the no-fly zone over northern Iraq .
the los angeles times and washington post lead with yesterday 's skirmish between an iraqi anti-air missile battery and several american combat aircraft enforcing the no-fly [area] over northern iraq .

The LAT goes with yesterday 's air action in the southern `` no-fly '' zone over Iraq between U.S. and Iraqi fighters .
the lat goes with yesterday 's air action in the southern `` no-fly '' [area] over iraq between u.s. and iraqi fighters .

The LAT account makes it seem that the U.S. aircraft fired on the Iraqis simply because they were in the zone , whereas the WP and NYT accounts add that the Iraqi planes first illuminated the U.S. aircraft with their fire control radars , indicating possible imminent missile launch ( although no Iraqi missiles actually were ) .
the lat account makes it seem that the u.s. aircraft fired on the iraqis simply because they were in the [area] , whereas the wp and nyt accounts add that the iraqi planes first illuminated the u.s. aircraft with their fire control radars , indicating possible imminent missile launch ( although no iraqi missiles actually were ) .

Is the mere presence of Iraqi aircraft in the `` no-fly '' zone considered justification or is some further more conventionally understood provocative act required ?
is the mere presence of iraqi aircraft in the `` no-fly '' [area] considered justification or is some further more conventionally understood provocative act required ?

Only the Los Angeles Times fronts the situation in the Gulf : the lead describes Iraqi attempts to lure American planes into missile range and threats to fire on planes patrolling the no-fly zone .
only the los angeles times fronts the situation in the gulf : the lead describes iraqi attempts to lure american planes into missile range and threats to fire on planes patrolling the no-fly [area] .

The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that in an email recently , the U.S. Air Force general in charge of enforcing the northern Iraq no-fly zone wrote `` It 's a good day for bombing . ''
the wsj `` washington wire '' reports that in an email recently , the u.s. air force general in charge of enforcing the northern iraq no-fly [area] wrote `` it 's a good day for bombing . ''

The WP front reports that U.S. aircraft enforcing the no-fly zone over southern Iraq fired missiles at an anti-air site and that Iraqi officials claim eleven civilians were killed when one of them went wide of the mark .
the wp front reports that u.s. aircraft enforcing the no-fly [area] over southern iraq fired missiles at an anti-air site and that iraqi officials claim eleven civilians were killed when one of them went wide of the mark .

One wonderful line quoted by the Post and the NYT is his lead from a 1960 column , when Povich was campaigning hard to have the Washington football team break the color line : `` Jim Brown , born ineligible to play for the Redskins , integrated their end zone three times yesterday . ''
one wonderful line quoted by the post and the nyt is his lead from a 1960 column , when povich was campaigning hard to have the washington football team break the color line : `` jim brown , born ineligible to play for the redskins , integrated their end [area] three times yesterday . ''

UN observers have criticized Bosnian Muslims for moving men and heavy guns into a demilitarized zone south of Sarajevo .
un observers have criticized bosnian muslims for moving men and heavy guns into a demilitarized [area] south of sarajevo .

It is something like the zone of current sports lingo in which a tennis player , say , enters a trance-like state , putting him on a roll where he ca n't miss a shot .
it is something like the [area] of current sports lingo in which a tennis player , say , enters a trance-like state , putting him on a roll where he ca n't miss a shot .

The grandiose Via dell'Impero that was rammed through the central archaeological zone in the 1930s was named after the short-lived Fascist “ Empire ” in Africa .
the grandiose via dell'impero that was rammed through the central archaeological [area] in the 1930s was named after the short-lived fascist “ empire ” in africa .

Proposals to demolish this street and restore the unity of the whole archaeological zone from the Capitoline Hill to the Colosseum are often in the news .
proposals to demolish this street and restore the unity of the whole archaeological [area] from the capitoline hill to the colosseum are often in the news .

With the written language , this is orthographically facilitated by the various processes of word shortening -- acronyms ( ZIP for Zone Improvement Plan ) , contractions ( wo n't for will not ) , clipped words ( deli for delicatessen ) and abbreviations ( lb .
with the written language , this is orthographically facilitated by the various processes of word shortening -- acronyms ( zip for [area] improvement plan ) , contractions ( wo n't for will not ) , clipped words ( deli for delicatessen ) and abbreviations ( lb .

