A broader concept of imitation is needed , one which acknowledges that true invention is important , that the artist's creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises .
a broader concept of imitation is needed , one which [notes] that true invention is important , that the artist's creativity in part transcends the non-artistic causal factors out of which it arises .

We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book .
we find it in plato's republic , and in utopia more [notes] his debt to that book .

The teddy bear knows no class system … and acknowledges no international borders .
the teddy bear knows no class system … and [notes] no international borders .

The National Rivers Authority , the waterways watchdog , acknowledges that over-extraction is one of the main problems .
the national rivers authority , the waterways watchdog , [notes] that over-extraction is one of the main problems .

The Festival acknowledges gratefully the support of Belfast City Council and assistance from the Visiting Arts Office of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
the festival [notes] gratefully the support of belfast city council and assistance from the visiting arts office of great britain and northern ireland .

Yeah cos she thought he were quite shy , but she said now he acknowledges her and that so she 's quite pleased .
yeah cos she thought he were quite shy , but she said now he [notes] her and that so she 's quite pleased .

But he acknowledges that the community service idea will create controversy within Labour .
but he [notes] that the community service idea will create controversy within labour .

She even acknowledges she was tempted to give up her job at one stage and go on to social security as she would then have been entitled to free legal aid .
she even [notes] she was tempted to give up her job at one stage and go on to social security as she would then have been entitled to free legal aid .

‘ The money has made such a difference , ’ Elizabeth , 52 , acknowledges .
‘ the money has made such a difference , ’ elizabeth , 52 , [notes] .

Although the codes ( still voluntary ) have since been improved , the preface to them all still acknowledges that ‘ nearly all livestock husbandry systems impose restrictions on the stock and some of these can cause an unacceptable degree of discomfort or distress by preventing the animals from fulfilling their basic needs . ’
although the codes ( still voluntary ) have since been improved , the preface to them all still [notes] that ‘ nearly all livestock husbandry systems impose restrictions on the stock and some of these can cause an unacceptable degree of discomfort or distress by preventing the animals from fulfilling their basic needs . ’

It went on : ‘ The board of governors acknowledges the widespread public and staff concern that John Birt was not employed on a staff basis and accepts full responsibility for the errors made and apologises for them . ’
it went on : ‘ the board of governors [notes] the widespread public and staff concern that john birt was not employed on a staff basis and accepts full responsibility for the errors made and apologises for them . ’

The freeze on spirits duty acknowledges , if it does not yet rectify , the wholly unjust domestic tax regime against which the Scotch whisky industry has had to struggle for years .
the freeze on spirits duty [notes] , if it does not yet rectify , the wholly unjust domestic tax regime against which the scotch whisky industry has had to struggle for years .

Though Vauxhall acknowledges that the timing of the announcement was designed to take attention away from the Mondeo , production schedules and sluggish sales might mean that the Ford is , after all , the first medium sized car to become available with an airbag as standard .
though vauxhall [notes] that the timing of the announcement was designed to take attention away from the mondeo , production schedules and sluggish sales might mean that the ford is , after all , the first medium sized car to become available with an airbag as standard .

Henry Fairweather , group personnel and services director , acknowledges that most of its female managers are in areas one might expect such as marketing , information services and personnel .
henry fairweather , group personnel and services director , [notes] that most of its female managers are in areas one might expect such as marketing , information services and personnel .

Although emotionally loaded , the work does not have , as Bamert acknowledges , the direct appeal of earlier requiems , which may be one of the reasons it is seldom heard .
although emotionally loaded , the work does not have , as bamert [notes] , the direct appeal of earlier requiems , which may be one of the reasons it is seldom heard .

That is clearly innate , but she also acknowledges the part played by Williams in helping her to develop that faculty .
that is clearly innate , but she also [notes] the part played by williams in helping her to develop that faculty .

He acknowledges the changes are ‘ bound to be controversial ’ and will cause ‘ some outrage ’ .
he [notes] the changes are ‘ bound to be controversial ’ and will cause ‘ some outrage ’ .

The All Blacks have solid , experienced backs , but all New Zealand acknowledges that not one has the sheer pace of the Lions ' wings or Guscott .
the all blacks have solid , experienced backs , but all new zealand [notes] that not one has the sheer pace of the lions ' wings or guscott .

The book people received outside help as always from specialists , and Mrs Gellatly also acknowledges her debt to the City businesses who advise her .
the book people received outside help as always from specialists , and mrs gellatly also [notes] her debt to the city businesses who advise her .

Always an independent spirit , Rita nevertheless acknowledges certain strong influences in her movement career — Edith , Molly , Rita Horton , and in Coburg , Jutta Holler-von der Trenck ; she believes that her feeling for the importance of expression in movement , and her interest in the choreographing of taped music derive from her contact with Christa Haring , whose classes in Contemporary Dramatic Dance she attended .
always an independent spirit , rita nevertheless [notes] certain strong influences in her movement career — edith , molly , rita horton , and in coburg , jutta holler-von der trenck ; she believes that her feeling for the importance of expression in movement , and her interest in the choreographing of taped music derive from her contact with christa haring , whose classes in contemporary dramatic dance she attended .

Mr Jones acknowledges he is contravening the Geneva Convention by using the symbol , but claims that the Red Cross symbol is needed to stop attacks on convoys .
mr jones [notes] he is contravening the geneva convention by using the symbol , but claims that the red cross symbol is needed to stop attacks on convoys .

As Ron Morris acknowledges , the basic premise behind the aims of Roseberry and SkillBuilding is hardly revolutionary , but it remains an idea rarely turned into the bricks and mortar of practical success .
as ron morris [notes] , the basic premise behind the aims of roseberry and skillbuilding is hardly revolutionary , but it remains an idea rarely turned into the bricks and mortar of practical success .

Bob Collicutt acknowledges that he is presiding over a mature , commodity business with limited growth opportunities , but sees the free-standing role as an opportunity for it to remain profitable in the longer term .
bob collicutt [notes] that he is presiding over a mature , commodity business with limited growth opportunities , but sees the free-standing role as an opportunity for it to remain profitable in the longer term .

Gandhi actually recognizes the problem of relativity and acknowledges that what may be truth for one may be untruth for another .
gandhi actually recognizes the problem of relativity and [notes] that what may be truth for one may be untruth for another .

Gandhi actually acknowledges this fact ; he is above all a practical idealist .
gandhi actually [notes] this fact ; he is above all a practical idealist .

He acknowledges his indebtedness to Tolstoy and maintains that at the time of reading the book he was passing through a period of doubt and scepticism .
he [notes] his indebtedness to tolstoy and maintains that at the time of reading the book he was passing through a period of doubt and scepticism .

Birtwell acknowledges that there are advantages to having a settle side , but he also pinpoints what he sees as great drawbacks to this approach .
birtwell [notes] that there are advantages to having a settle side , but he also pinpoints what he sees as great drawbacks to this approach .

Clause 11 acknowledges the effects of unacceptable pressures on the nursing team :
clause 11 [notes] the effects of unacceptable pressures on the nursing team :

Britain 's sprint sensation acknowledges the cheers of the 60,000 fans gathered in the Olympic Stadium to witness his magic moment in Barcelona .
britain 's sprint sensation [notes] the cheers of the 60,000 fans gathered in the olympic stadium to witness his magic moment in barcelona .

Whether Hastings is invited to take on the role of Scottish captain is for the future , but he acknowledges the good fortune he has enjoyed in playing under such inspiring leadership : ‘ You only need to look at the names of players who have captained Scotland to be aware of the tremendous honour it represents .
whether hastings is invited to take on the role of scottish captain is for the future , but he [notes] the good fortune he has enjoyed in playing under such inspiring leadership : ‘ you only need to look at the names of players who have captained scotland to be aware of the tremendous honour it represents .

There is no doubt she will grow into a songwriter of some depth and power ; whether she acknowledges any responsibility for breaking new ground for women in rock is another matter .
there is no doubt she will grow into a songwriter of some depth and power ; whether she [notes] any responsibility for breaking new ground for women in rock is another matter .

The overall batting , as skipper Tony Wright quickly acknowledges , has been far too scratchy .
the overall batting , as skipper tony wright quickly [notes] , has been far too scratchy .

England vice-captain Alec Stewart acknowledges the applause for his 148 , he second century in successive Tests
england vice-captain alec stewart [notes] the applause for his 148 , he second century in successive tests

England captain Graham Gooch acknowledges the applause for his 16th Test century : it was his third against New Zealand
england captain graham gooch [notes] the applause for his 16th test century : it was his third against new zealand

The upgrade acknowledges successful integration of three recently acquired businesses , enhancing an already strong business position and builds on the company 's existing processing capabilities , the rating firm said .
the upgrade [notes] successful integration of three recently acquired businesses , enhancing an already strong business position and builds on the company 's existing processing capabilities , the rating firm said .

Thus , Storr acknowledges that a certain kind of original genius is inseparable from the schizoid ( i.e .
thus , storr [notes] that a certain kind of original genius is inseparable from the schizoid ( i.e .

Ball never addresses or acknowledges them , unlike Hughes , but there would be no point in doing so .
ball never addresses or [notes] them , unlike hughes , but there would be no point in doing so .

Even after a violent revolution Lenin acknowledges :
even after a violent revolution lenin [notes] :

He acknowledges that before a contemplative is ready , like Moses , to climb the mountain , he must prepare himself by the time-honoured Western disciplines of Lectio , Meditatio and Oratio — study of scripture , meditation and prayer — but he tells his readers that other authors will tell them all they need to know about these .
he [notes] that before a contemplative is ready , like moses , to climb the mountain , he must prepare himself by the time-honoured western disciplines of lectio , meditatio and oratio — study of scripture , meditation and prayer — but he tells his readers that other authors will tell them all they need to know about these .

Niki acknowledges that they were never friends ; he also has kind words to say about Clay being a good , steady driver and so on .
niki [notes] that they were never friends ; he also has kind words to say about clay being a good , steady driver and so on .

‘ Probably subconsciously , ’ he acknowledges .
‘ probably subconsciously , ’ he [notes] .

SunSoft Inc president Ed Zander acknowledges the Solaris ‘ endorsements ’ he got last week from the hardware community are kind of lukewarm and skimpy — see page two — but he still claims , mostly for Destiny 's benefit , that he 's got the only tested and proven big-time distribution channel , namely Sun Microsystems Inc .
sunsoft inc president ed zander [notes] the solaris ‘ endorsements ’ he got last week from the hardware community are kind of lukewarm and skimpy — see page two — but he still claims , mostly for destiny 's benefit , that he 's got the only tested and proven big-time distribution channel , namely sun microsystems inc .

The conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should remain within the mainstream framework of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , acknowledges that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing appropriate pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .
the conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should remain within the mainstream framework of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , [notes] that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing appropriate pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .

Reproductive behaviour may also have more freedom from genetic control and be more accessible to social influence among humans than sociobiology acknowledges .
reproductive behaviour may also have more freedom from genetic control and be more accessible to social influence among humans than sociobiology [notes] .

She recognizes cultural and race differences in these patterns , and acknowledges the political limits of programmes to change them .
she recognizes cultural and race differences in these patterns , and [notes] the political limits of programmes to change them .

Tally , of Tally 's Corner , is another key informant , and Liebow ( 1967 ) acknowledges that this may mean that the account given in the book is more that of Tally himself than of others who lived around the street corner . How might the book have been different if Liebow had met someone else on that day at the ‘ carry-out ’ ?
tally , of tally 's corner , is another key informant , and liebow ( 1967 ) [notes] that this may mean that the account given in the book is more that of tally himself than of others who lived around the street corner . how might the book have been different if liebow had met someone else on that day at the ‘ carry-out ’ ?

He acknowledges the ‘ Humean predicament ’ ; both induction and the hypothetico-deductive method are fallible , so that any of the beliefs which result from them could turn out to be in error .
he [notes] the ‘ humean predicament ’ ; both induction and the hypothetico-deductive method are fallible , so that any of the beliefs which result from them could turn out to be in error .

In the first place , they presuppose that classes correctly perceive the constraints of their situations and modify their strategies accordingly , and Poulantzas elsewhere acknowledges that it would be extremely rash to make such an assumption .
in the first place , they presuppose that classes correctly perceive the constraints of their situations and modify their strategies accordingly , and poulantzas elsewhere [notes] that it would be extremely rash to make such an assumption .

The professional respects the parents and acknowledges their competence and expertise in knowing more about the total situation than anyone else .
the professional respects the parents and [notes] their competence and expertise in knowing more about the total situation than anyone else .

This collaborative approach has been described as ‘ partnership ’ ( McConkey 1985 ; Mittler and Mittler 1982 ; De'Ath and Pugh 1986 ) and acknowledges the sharing of expertise .
this collaborative approach has been described as ‘ partnership ’ ( mcconkey 1985 ; mittler and mittler 1982 ; de'ath and pugh 1986 ) and [notes] the sharing of expertise .

Chan acknowledges that the state is ‘ reluctant ’ to raise salaries by substantial amounts .
chan [notes] that the state is ‘ reluctant ’ to raise salaries by substantial amounts .

While shaping describes a mechanism which could theoretically account for numerous changes in a child 's language , Skinner acknowledges that it is a somewhat laborious and inefficient way of learning .
while shaping describes a mechanism which could theoretically account for numerous changes in a child 's language , skinner [notes] that it is a somewhat laborious and inefficient way of learning .

The Nordic ski touring community in Scotland is a friendly one , and Angela gives notice of this in her book , when she acknowledges a healthy exchange of information between skiers from all over the country .
the nordic ski touring community in scotland is a friendly one , and angela gives notice of this in her book , when she [notes] a healthy exchange of information between skiers from all over the country .

‘ The performers are not particularly attractive — they 're more like everyday people you 'd find on the street , ’ acknowledges one aficionado , explaining why he likes the tapes .
‘ the performers are not particularly attractive — they 're more like everyday people you 'd find on the street , ’ [notes] one aficionado , explaining why he likes the tapes .

Tim Gardiner at Umbro , the market leaders ( Man Utd , Spurs , Everton , Nottingham Forest , Aston Villa and many more ) , acknowledges the trend .
tim gardiner at umbro , the market leaders ( man utd , spurs , everton , nottingham forest , aston villa and many more ) , [notes] the trend .

Even more recently a book has been published under the title Womanwords which acknowledges the Marxist critic Raymond Williams 's Keywords . Williams put forward what is still an admirable rationale for politicised lexicography , and it is worth quoting him :
even more recently a book has been published under the title womanwords which [notes] the marxist critic raymond williams 's keywords . williams put forward what is still an admirable rationale for politicised lexicography , and it is worth quoting him :

Kapil acknowledges that Border , who shows no signs of retirement at the age of 37 , will eventually overhaul Gavaskar .
kapil [notes] that border , who shows no signs of retirement at the age of 37 , will eventually overhaul gavaskar .

To feminists he is a New Man , pro-choice on the abortion issue and married to a strong , career-minded woman whom he freely acknowledges as the driving force behind his win .
to feminists he is a new man , pro-choice on the abortion issue and married to a strong , career-minded woman whom he freely [notes] as the driving force behind his win .

The Duke of Norfolk says the Lords should be replaced by an elected chamber , and Earl Spencer — brother of the Princess of Wales — does not attend because he acknowledges that the system is undemocratic .
the duke of norfolk says the lords should be replaced by an elected chamber , and earl spencer — brother of the princess of wales — does not attend because he [notes] that the system is undemocratic .

And Fergsuon acknowledges : ‘ We might not be so reliant on Robbo as we were two years ago but he is still the leader , the player the rest look up to .
and fergsuon [notes] : ‘ we might not be so reliant on robbo as we were two years ago but he is still the leader , the player the rest look up to .

City have slumped to halfway after three defeats on the trot and it is doubtful whether the recovery will start at Maine Road today against a Villa side that Reid acknowledges is ‘ brilliantly balanced right through ’ .
city have slumped to halfway after three defeats on the trot and it is doubtful whether the recovery will start at maine road today against a villa side that reid [notes] is ‘ brilliantly balanced right through ’ .

‘ Scots do tend to be rather inhibited about interior design , ’ she acknowledges .
‘ scots do tend to be rather inhibited about interior design , ’ she [notes] .

But since he acknowledges that he has no expertise in the field of language teaching , there is no reason to take his remarks as authoritative .
but since he [notes] that he has no expertise in the field of language teaching , there is no reason to take his remarks as authoritative .

The difference is that Chomsky acknowledges this fact and accordingly expresses his views with appropriate caution .
the difference is that chomsky [notes] this fact and accordingly expresses his views with appropriate caution .

Even a writer such as Elizabeth Roberts , who has a very strong view of women 's sense of responsibility towards their relatives during this period , acknowledges that old people living with relatives but unable to contribute any longer to the household economy might well be ‘ neglected ’ or ‘ pushed into a corner ’ through force of circumstances : ‘ Although the duty to care for relatives was a paramount one , rarely ignored , it is also true to say that the quality of care varied from the dreadful to the superb ’ ( Roberts , 1984 , p. 179 ) .
even a writer such as elizabeth roberts , who has a very strong view of women 's sense of responsibility towards their relatives during this period , [notes] that old people living with relatives but unable to contribute any longer to the household economy might well be ‘ neglected ’ or ‘ pushed into a corner ’ through force of circumstances : ‘ although the duty to care for relatives was a paramount one , rarely ignored , it is also true to say that the quality of care varied from the dreadful to the superb ’ ( roberts , 1984 , p. 179 ) .

She speaks volumes about the divisions which exited when she acknowledges that ‘ Terry was more comfortable with his own kind ’ .
she speaks volumes about the divisions which exited when she [notes] that ‘ terry was more comfortable with his own kind ’ .

Even Ramon Escovar , the attorney-general who brought his alleged wrongdoing before the Supreme Court , grudgingly acknowledges that Mr Perez has helped to fight corruption by exposing the long-sheltered state sector to more open inspection and greater competition .
even ramon escovar , the attorney-general who brought his alleged wrongdoing before the supreme court , grudgingly [notes] that mr perez has helped to fight corruption by exposing the long-sheltered state sector to more open inspection and greater competition .

While this as such simply acknowledges the situation as it is and is followed by a far longer passage relating to the benefits of celibacy for the Western rite , it remains a highly important text because it is the first time a Roman Council or any major Roman document has explicitly accepted and recommended the uniting of priesthood and marriage in a single life .
while this as such simply [notes] the situation as it is and is followed by a far longer passage relating to the benefits of celibacy for the western rite , it remains a highly important text because it is the first time a roman council or any major roman document has explicitly accepted and recommended the uniting of priesthood and marriage in a single life .

Looking back on it , Lemert ( 1974 , p. 4513 ) both acknowledges and , unwittingly , illustrates the problem :
looking back on it , lemert ( 1974 , p. 4513 ) both [notes] and , unwittingly , illustrates the problem :

The only possible form that climate can take is one which acknowledges as legitimate and appropriate expressions of doubt , uncertainty , confusion and anxiety .
the only possible form that climate can take is one which [notes] as legitimate and appropriate expressions of doubt , uncertainty , confusion and anxiety .

Wittgenstein acknowledges that we have this inclination , and tries to account for it .
wittgenstein [notes] that we have this inclination , and tries to account for it .

Alan Walker acknowledges a difficulty here when he writes :
alan walker [notes] a difficulty here when he writes :

The Gala youngster acknowledges how fortunate he has been in the folk who have advised him along the way .
the gala youngster [notes] how fortunate he has been in the folk who have advised him along the way .

At the same time , though , Poidevin acknowledges that the national selectors will be more interested in choosing a flanker from the New South Wales and Queensland teams .
at the same time , though , poidevin [notes] that the national selectors will be more interested in choosing a flanker from the new south wales and queensland teams .

Hadley acknowledges there is a possibility that opportunities may arise to represent Japan at international level but stresses that he would not consider selection if it in any way jeopardized his standing with the Canadian Rugby Union .
hadley [notes] there is a possibility that opportunities may arise to represent japan at international level but stresses that he would not consider selection if it in any way jeopardized his standing with the canadian rugby union .

It acknowledges the lack of control groups and neat experimental designs and works with perceived values of change .
it [notes] the lack of control groups and neat experimental designs and works with perceived values of change .

Reyntiens does not deny the value of his own abstract work , but acknowledges that he has undergone a joyful renaissance over the last 12 years or so .
reyntiens does not deny the value of his own abstract work , but [notes] that he has undergone a joyful renaissance over the last 12 years or so .

4.1 acknowledges that all rights ( including but not limited to the copyright and other intellectual property rights ) in the Licensed Software which are owned by and shall remain the property of and and shall not during or at any time after the expiry or termination of this Agreement in any way question or dispute the ownership or any other such rights of and .
4.1 [notes] that all rights ( including but not limited to the copyright and other intellectual property rights ) in the licensed software which are owned by and shall remain the property of and and shall not during or at any time after the expiry or termination of this agreement in any way question or dispute the ownership or any other such rights of and .

4.2 acknowledges that the copyright in any modifications , additions or translations commissioned or otherwise effected by and at the expense of to meet market needs in the Territories shall remain the copyright of .
4.2 [notes] that the copyright in any modifications , additions or translations commissioned or otherwise effected by and at the expense of to meet market needs in the territories shall remain the copyright of .

5.2 acknowledges that all logos and trade marks listed in Schedule 5 as belonging to belong exclusively to and shall only be used by in association with the Licenced Software , its derivatives , extensions or adaptations , and only during the continuance of this Agreement .
5.2 [notes] that all logos and trade marks listed in schedule 5 as belonging to belong exclusively to and shall only be used by in association with the licenced software , its derivatives , extensions or adaptations , and only during the continuance of this agreement .

5.3 acknowledges that all logos and trade marks listed in Schedule 5 as belonging to belong exclusively to and shall only be used in association with the Licenced Software , its derivatives , extensions or adaptations , and only during the continuance of this Agreement .
5.3 [notes] that all logos and trade marks listed in schedule 5 as belonging to belong exclusively to and shall only be used in association with the licenced software , its derivatives , extensions or adaptations , and only during the continuance of this agreement .

Your use of the Program acknowledges that you have read this Agreement , understand it and agree to be bound by its terms .
your use of the program [notes] that you have read this agreement , understand it and agree to be bound by its terms .

3.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere
3.2 the distributor hereby [notes] that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere

4.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere .
4.2 the distributor hereby [notes] that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere .

4.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere .
4.2 the distributor hereby [notes] that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere .

3.8 acknowledges to that the Trade Marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to Register and Maintain the Trade Marks to avoid Trade Mark confusion in the Territory and elsewhere in order that the Trade Marks shall continue to be viable and valuable assets of .
3.8 [notes] to that the trade marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to register and maintain the trade marks to avoid trade mark confusion in the territory and elsewhere in order that the trade marks shall continue to be viable and valuable assets of .

4.2 The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ Oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the Publisher and undertakes to inform the Publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the Publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the Publisher 's trade mark in the Territory or elsewhere .
4.2 the distributor hereby [notes] that the publisher is the owner of the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ and of other trade marks used by the publisher and undertakes to inform the publisher immediately of any possible or alleged infringement of the publisher 's trade mark or of any other matter which may affect the continued use of the publisher 's trade mark in the territory or elsewhere .

Structure exists at various levels of consciousness ( or unconsciousness ) and although its relationship to mundane ‘ reality ’ ( the Marxist ‘ infrastructure ’ whose ultimate importance Lévi-Strauss periodically acknowledges ) is often tangential and tenuous , it helps resolve such fundamental contradictions and antinomies as that between nature and culture , self-interest and the common good , and , more immediately , certain basic conflicts inherent in particular forms of social organization .
structure exists at various levels of consciousness ( or unconsciousness ) and although its relationship to mundane ‘ reality ’ ( the marxist ‘ infrastructure ’ whose ultimate importance lévi-strauss periodically [notes] ) is often tangential and tenuous , it helps resolve such fundamental contradictions and antinomies as that between nature and culture , self-interest and the common good , and , more immediately , certain basic conflicts inherent in particular forms of social organization .

As Lévi-Strauss himself acknowledges , all social phenomena can of course be said to possess or exhibit ‘ structure ’ ( i.e .
as lévi-strauss himself [notes] , all social phenomena can of course be said to possess or exhibit ‘ structure ’ ( i.e .

However , the matter is more complicated than Moore acknowledges .
however , the matter is more complicated than moore [notes] .

He points out that even the proponent of a purely egoistic view of life effectively acknowledges that different aspects of our being have different degrees of authority .
he points out that even the proponent of a purely egoistic view of life effectively [notes] that different aspects of our being have different degrees of authority .

He acknowledges that he is pleased with his overall performance to date , but is realistic when making assessments .
he [notes] that he is pleased with his overall performance to date , but is realistic when making assessments .

Horst Klosterkemper , chairman of the relevant committee but probably better known as the man who made the European Team Championships in Dusseldorf such a success , acknowledges that the event — without sponsor prize money for the last two years — has lost some of its gloss .
horst klosterkemper , chairman of the relevant committee but probably better known as the man who made the european team championships in dusseldorf such a success , [notes] that the event — without sponsor prize money for the last two years — has lost some of its gloss .

Matroc like other Morgan subsidiaries acknowledges that customers and engineers will have a variety of approaches to problem solving .
matroc like other morgan subsidiaries [notes] that customers and engineers will have a variety of approaches to problem solving .

Hence the design of the Philadelphia research acknowledges the problem of reconciling within a unitary study the need for both depth and breadth .
hence the design of the philadelphia research [notes] the problem of reconciling within a unitary study the need for both depth and breadth .

The second type of solution , which acknowledges the association between syntax , pragmatics and discourse , is exemplified in John Harris 's study of the Irish English tense/aspect system .
the second type of solution , which [notes] the association between syntax , pragmatics and discourse , is exemplified in john harris 's study of the irish english tense/aspect system .

The charter party is the document made between the merchant and the bourgeois or the owner of the ship to make a voyage … The bill of lading is a document that the master of the vessel gives to the merchant-shipper in which he acknowledges having received on board a number of packages or cases containing the quantity or quality of merchandise to be consigned or delivered to a person in the place where the ship must go .
the charter party is the document made between the merchant and the bourgeois or the owner of the ship to make a voyage … the bill of lading is a document that the master of the vessel gives to the merchant-shipper in which he [notes] having received on board a number of packages or cases containing the quantity or quality of merchandise to be consigned or delivered to a person in the place where the ship must go .

Pop culture acknowledges the sign of ‘ gayness ’ , but there is not yet a whisper of female sexual autonomy , of lesbianism .
pop culture [notes] the sign of ‘ gayness ’ , but there is not yet a whisper of female sexual autonomy , of lesbianism .

He acknowledges that liturgy is not a museum piece but needs to evolve as part of a living tradition .
he [notes] that liturgy is not a museum piece but needs to evolve as part of a living tradition .

It also acknowledges its debt in what is said about electronic instruments to Repair or Replace ?
it also [notes] its debt in what is said about electronic instruments to repair or replace ?

For this reason ideal types of Fordism and post-Fordism , such as that foot-noted by Rustin ( 1989 : 56–7 ) , are somewhat misleading ( which , to be fair to Rustin , he clearly acknowledges in the body of his analysis ) : they prejudge the contexts which will shape , and be shaped by , these tendencies .
for this reason ideal types of fordism and post-fordism , such as that foot-noted by rustin ( 1989 : 56–7 ) , are somewhat misleading ( which , to be fair to rustin , he clearly [notes] in the body of his analysis ) : they prejudge the contexts which will shape , and be shaped by , these tendencies .

When Dickens 's narrator is left alone in a panelled and smoke-darkened parlour , he acknowledges the influence of the Gothic novel in remarking that he should have ‘ followed the established precedent ’ and ‘ fallen into a fit of musing without delay ’ .
when dickens 's narrator is left alone in a panelled and smoke-darkened parlour , he [notes] the influence of the gothic novel in remarking that he should have ‘ followed the established precedent ’ and ‘ fallen into a fit of musing without delay ’ .

Pemberley 's fine library is ‘ the work of many generations ’ , and the house itself , as Bingley acknowledges , can not be imitated ; it can only be bought .
pemberley 's fine library is ‘ the work of many generations ’ , and the house itself , as bingley [notes] , can not be imitated ; it can only be bought .

Of course few people possess sufficient evidence to argue strongly for the extreme poles of the personal/institutional development issue , and it is unlikely that even Stenhouse or Hoyle would have denied that there is a middle ground which acknowledges the interaction of the system and the individual .
of course few people possess sufficient evidence to argue strongly for the extreme poles of the personal/institutional development issue , and it is unlikely that even stenhouse or hoyle would have denied that there is a middle ground which [notes] the interaction of the system and the individual .

Though he rightly acknowledges that large parts of the country were unaffected by this enclosure movement , his concentration on it gives us a somewhat unbalanced picture .
though he rightly [notes] that large parts of the country were unaffected by this enclosure movement , his concentration on it gives us a somewhat unbalanced picture .

The traditional short-cut of pouring boiling water into the seed-drill acknowledges its need for warmth .
the traditional short-cut of pouring boiling water into the seed-drill [notes] its need for warmth .

This is part of a wider public policy in relation to health care , where Primary Health Care is being seen as the central component of the Health Care System and an accepted general principle that Health problems be dealt with at the lowest level of complexity , and acknowledges that a well-informed , well-motivated participating community is necessary for the achievement of health targets .
this is part of a wider public policy in relation to health care , where primary health care is being seen as the central component of the health care system and an accepted general principle that health problems be dealt with at the lowest level of complexity , and [notes] that a well-informed , well-motivated participating community is necessary for the achievement of health targets .

Now Charles , he is a different case , she acknowledges .
now charles , he is a different case , she [notes] .

Is he just , as his barrister , David Whitehouse , acknowledges , a man with an ‘ appalling exterior ’ but no more , or is he , as the charge suggests , a murderer ?
is he just , as his barrister , david whitehouse , [notes] , a man with an ‘ appalling exterior ’ but no more , or is he , as the charge suggests , a murderer ?

The prosecution acknowledges there is insufficient evidence to proceed against Mr McLean on charges of murder , manslaughter or grievous bodily harm , and against Mr Lopez on any charge .
the prosecution [notes] there is insufficient evidence to proceed against mr mclean on charges of murder , manslaughter or grievous bodily harm , and against mr lopez on any charge .

Scott , of course , acknowledges that family firms have become less important in the British economy .
scott , of course , [notes] that family firms have become less important in the british economy .

Adorno , we have seen , acknowledges this specificity — indeed , for him it explains the ( unfulfilled ) potential of jazz and the hangovers of ‘ real ’ creativity in some Tin Pan Alley songs ; but he subsumes it into a theory of ‘ false individualization ’ , designed , in his view , to disguise mass cultural production as ‘ art ’ .
adorno , we have seen , [notes] this specificity — indeed , for him it explains the ( unfulfilled ) potential of jazz and the hangovers of ‘ real ’ creativity in some tin pan alley songs ; but he subsumes it into a theory of ‘ false individualization ’ , designed , in his view , to disguise mass cultural production as ‘ art ’ .

As this suggests , the appeal of such a tune could be seen as a ‘ leftover ’ , an ‘ echo ’ of a bygone era of craftsmanship ; and Adorno recognizes the possibility of this — indeed , he acknowledges that it is precisely in popular music that the category of the ‘ idea ’ ( a relatively independent , memorable element within a totality , a phenomenon more or less abandoned by ‘ serious ’ music ) lives on , and with it a sense of creative spontaneity ( Adorno 1976 : 34–7 ) .
as this suggests , the appeal of such a tune could be seen as a ‘ leftover ’ , an ‘ echo ’ of a bygone era of craftsmanship ; and adorno recognizes the possibility of this — indeed , he [notes] that it is precisely in popular music that the category of the ‘ idea ’ ( a relatively independent , memorable element within a totality , a phenomenon more or less abandoned by ‘ serious ’ music ) lives on , and with it a sense of creative spontaneity ( adorno 1976 : 34–7 ) .

Coyle ( 1984 ) stresses the differences , while Dex ( 1985 ) emphasises the similarities , although she acknowledges the lack of research in this area .
coyle ( 1984 ) stresses the differences , while dex ( 1985 ) emphasises the similarities , although she [notes] the lack of research in this area .

The white paper acknowledges ‘ variations in health status between different socioeconomic groups ’ and recognises the ‘ complex interplay … of factors ’ which impact on health .
the white paper [notes] ‘ variations in health status between different socioeconomic groups ’ and recognises the ‘ complex interplay … of factors ’ which impact on health .

And there is a paper about life threatening events in infants and young children , whose discussion acknowledges the uncertainty that selection bias generates in the interpretation of the results .
and there is a paper about life threatening events in infants and young children , whose discussion [notes] the uncertainty that selection bias generates in the interpretation of the results .

It is in nobody 's interest to increase the adversarial nature of the procedures , yet this is what the General Medical Services Committee acknowledges would result from its proposals .
it is in nobody 's interest to increase the adversarial nature of the procedures , yet this is what the general medical services committee [notes] would result from its proposals .

This latter , which is being increasingly adopted within the United Kingdom and in Europe more generally , acknowledges common links in the origins of healthful and unhealthful behaviours .
this latter , which is being increasingly adopted within the united kingdom and in europe more generally , [notes] common links in the origins of healthful and unhealthful behaviours .

Thorning readily acknowledges the technical expertise of the local workshops , but they need to become familiar not only with the product range but also with Western ways of doing business .
thorning readily [notes] the technical expertise of the local workshops , but they need to become familiar not only with the product range but also with western ways of doing business .

‘ No will shall be valid unless — ( a ) it is in writing , and signed by the testator , or by some other person in his presence and by his direction ; and ( b ) it appears that the testator intended by his signature to give effect to the will ; and ( c ) the signature is made or acknowledged by the testator in the presence of two or more witnesses present at the same time ; and ( d ) each witness either — ( i ) attests and signs the will ; or ( ii ) acknowledges his signature , in the presence of the testator ( but not necessarily in the presence of any other witness ) , but no form of attestation shall be necessary .
‘ no will shall be valid unless — ( a ) it is in writing , and signed by the testator , or by some other person in his presence and by his direction ; and ( b ) it appears that the testator intended by his signature to give effect to the will ; and ( c ) the signature is made or acknowledged by the testator in the presence of two or more witnesses present at the same time ; and ( d ) each witness either — ( i ) attests and signs the will ; or ( ii ) [notes] his signature , in the presence of the testator ( but not necessarily in the presence of any other witness ) , but no form of attestation shall be necessary .

Bargh acknowledges the presence of a certain spiritual quality in ‘ Dust ’ , but emphasises that the work is also about impermanence .
bargh [notes] the presence of a certain spiritual quality in ‘ dust ’ , but emphasises that the work is also about impermanence .

As an economist , Pareto was well aware of the further dimension to social phenomena which the concept of interest introduces , and he acknowledges its significance without , however , dealing with it in great detail in his sociological work .
as an economist , pareto was well aware of the further dimension to social phenomena which the concept of interest introduces , and he [notes] its significance without , however , dealing with it in great detail in his sociological work .

such as the market , coercive forces , legal-rational institutions and the structural impact of value systems themselves ; Shils has little to say , as he acknowledges , about the ways in which these may structure relations between centre and periphery .
such as the market , coercive forces , legal-rational institutions and the structural impact of value systems themselves ; shils has little to say , as he [notes] , about the ways in which these may structure relations between centre and periphery .

Johnson 's account acknowledges the woman 's pastoral existence , and he dignifies her with a detailed report , pointing out that her circumstances were by no means on the lowest and most impoverished social scale .
johnson 's account [notes] the woman 's pastoral existence , and he dignifies her with a detailed report , pointing out that her circumstances were by no means on the lowest and most impoverished social scale .

Brooke-Rose acknowledges that this is a ‘ cliché ’ , but claims that it was ‘ true enough generally … for the purpose of creating the language of the novel ’ ( 1991a:7 ) .
brooke-rose [notes] that this is a ‘ cliché ’ , but claims that it was ‘ true enough generally … for the purpose of creating the language of the novel ’ ( 1991a:7 ) .

How he or she reads depends not only on what Eco calls ‘ passeggiati inferenziali ’ ( 1979:204 ) , but also on his or her specific cultural heritage , a dimension of the reading process which Iser acknowledges but fails to take fully into account .
how he or she reads depends not only on what eco calls ‘ passeggiati inferenziali ’ ( 1979:204 ) , but also on his or her specific cultural heritage , a dimension of the reading process which iser [notes] but fails to take fully into account .

3 ) , whose advice he acknowledges in his laws which date to the period before 693/4 ( when Eorcenwald , bishop of London , whose help he also acknowledges , died ) .
3 ) , whose advice he [notes] in his laws which date to the period before 693/4 ( when eorcenwald , bishop of london , whose help he also [notes] , died ) .

Judith Walkowitz , on the other hand , acknowledges that the latter stages of the repeal struggle were marked by dramatic contradictions within feminist sexual politics .
judith walkowitz , on the other hand , [notes] that the latter stages of the repeal struggle were marked by dramatic contradictions within feminist sexual politics .

All courses have an underlying philosophy that emphasises the positive value of bilingualism , recognises the importance of anti-racist approaches to curriculum , materials and methods , acknowledges the role that mother tongue may play in learning and draws attention to the fact that bilingual students may have already studied the subject in their own country and need to transfer knowledge rather than to learn from the beginning .
all courses have an underlying philosophy that emphasises the positive value of bilingualism , recognises the importance of anti-racist approaches to curriculum , materials and methods , [notes] the role that mother tongue may play in learning and draws attention to the fact that bilingual students may have already studied the subject in their own country and need to transfer knowledge rather than to learn from the beginning .

Miller ( 1981 ) acknowledges that the published report ( Cmd .
miller ( 1981 ) [notes] that the published report ( cmd .

Second has been the revival of interest in neocatastrophism which has arisen as a concept which acknowledges the significance , and in some cases the dominance , of events of greater magnitude and low frequency .
second has been the revival of interest in neocatastrophism which has arisen as a concept which [notes] the significance , and in some cases the dominance , of events of greater magnitude and low frequency .

Second , it accurately acknowledges the source of the scheme .
second , it accurately [notes] the source of the scheme .

The distance from the Earth to the spacecraft can be determined very accurately from the time interval between sending a radio signal to the spacecraft , which it receives and immediately acknowledges by sending a signal to the Earth with its own radio , and the receipt on the Earth of the acknowledgement .
the distance from the earth to the spacecraft can be determined very accurately from the time interval between sending a radio signal to the spacecraft , which it receives and immediately [notes] by sending a signal to the earth with its own radio , and the receipt on the earth of the acknowledgement .

Whilst the White Paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( DoH , 1989b , p. 18 ) .
whilst the white paper [notes] that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( doh , 1989b , p. 18 ) .

The model proposed embraces a concept of the aims and process of assessment which acknowledges its inherent complexity and the high level of skill required of practitioners .
the model proposed embraces a concept of the aims and process of assessment which [notes] its inherent complexity and the high level of skill required of practitioners .

He acknowledges , though , that the performance of the welfare state was much less impressive in terms of combating inequalities of income and wealth .
he [notes] , though , that the performance of the welfare state was much less impressive in terms of combating inequalities of income and wealth .

The Committee acknowledges that as a result of its proposal that only threats of immediate harm should suffice for rape , ‘ some prosecutions will be brought under section 2 in circumstances where there could now be a prosecution for rape .
the committee [notes] that as a result of its proposal that only threats of immediate harm should suffice for rape , ‘ some prosecutions will be brought under section 2 in circumstances where there could now be a prosecution for rape .

1.7 The Department acknowledges that certain duties may carry additional risks to employees and all possible steps will be taken to minimise these . Particularly :
1.7 the department [notes] that certain duties may carry additional risks to employees and all possible steps will be taken to minimise these . particularly :

The Department acknowledges the basic need to provide workplaces with easy access , good lighting and an inviting atmosphere .
the department [notes] the basic need to provide workplaces with easy access , good lighting and an inviting atmosphere .

It supports the principle of increasing energy prices so that consumers pay the full environmental cost of the resources they use , although it acknowledges that increases would have to be phased in over time , preferably in line with international agreements .
it supports the principle of increasing energy prices so that consumers pay the full environmental cost of the resources they use , although it [notes] that increases would have to be phased in over time , preferably in line with international agreements .

The Panel acknowledges that the application of the Code will not always be relevant and it will therefore be applied flexibly wherever necessary .
the panel [notes] that the application of the code will not always be relevant and it will therefore be applied flexibly wherever necessary .

10.3 The Tenant acknowledges that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the Lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or subsequently exist any Restrictions and the Tenant shall with effect from the Possession Date comply with and indemnify the Landlord in respect of any liability under any Restrictions ( whether made before or after the Possession Date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the Landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 It need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to ascertain whether any such restrictions exist at the date of the agreement .
10.3 the tenant [notes] that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or subsequently exist any restrictions and the tenant shall with effect from the possession date comply with and indemnify the landlord in respect of any liability under any restrictions ( whether made before or after the possession date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 it need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to ascertain whether any such restrictions exist at the date of the agreement .

9.11 Representations The Tenant acknowledges that this Lease has not been entered into in reliance wholly or partly on any statement or representation made by or on behalf of the Landlord except any such statement or representation that is expressly set out in this Lease This is self-explanatory but see the comments on misrepresentation under clause 11 of the agreement for lease .
9.11 representations the tenant [notes] that this lease has not been entered into in reliance wholly or partly on any statement or representation made by or on behalf of the landlord except any such statement or representation that is expressly set out in this lease this is self-explanatory but see the comments on misrepresentation under clause 11 of the agreement for lease .

The seller acknowledges the order on its own terms .
the seller [notes] the order on its own terms .

One issue of interpretation is the extent to which the exchange , given its central role , shares or acknowledges a particular market view of what its rules mean . How much actual , constructive or imputed knowledge does an exchange have of what goes on on its own trading floor ? How aware is it of the trading data that is collected , the way in which trading or order cards are filled in , or the pit trading practices that go on in front of its pit officials ?
one issue of interpretation is the extent to which the exchange , given its central role , shares or [notes] a particular market view of what its rules mean . how much actual , constructive or imputed knowledge does an exchange have of what goes on on its own trading floor ? how aware is it of the trading data that is collected , the way in which trading or order cards are filled in , or the pit trading practices that go on in front of its pit officials ?

He acknowledges that if he finds against Mrs. McLoughlin the law of emotional injury will then be incoherent in principle .
he [notes] that if he finds against mrs. mcloughlin the law of emotional injury will then be incoherent in principle .

The report acknowledges that such a transformation would be seen as unacceptable by a majority of the population , but adds that more efficient use of energy and the introduction of new technology could minimize the impact .
the report [notes] that such a transformation would be seen as unacceptable by a majority of the population , but adds that more efficient use of energy and the introduction of new technology could minimize the impact .

In its latest World Development Report , the World Bank acknowledges that some of its past policies have led to environmental degradation , but insists that it is now geared toward promoting sustainable development and , in particular , the alleviation of third world poverty . ``
in its latest world development report , the world bank [notes] that some of its past policies have led to environmental degradation , but insists that it is now geared toward promoting sustainable development and , in particular , the alleviation of third world poverty . ``

The report acknowledges that industrialized countries bear much of the responsibility for existing environmental problems , and hence should bear the brunt of the cost of tackling them .
the report [notes] that industrialized countries bear much of the responsibility for existing environmental problems , and hence should bear the brunt of the cost of tackling them .

In its report , The World Bank and the Environment 1993 , the Bank acknowledges that despite the increase in lending , a number of weaknesses remain in its environmental policies , particularly on public consultation . ``
in its report , the world bank and the environment 1993 , the bank [notes] that despite the increase in lending , a number of weaknesses remain in its environmental policies , particularly on public consultation . ``

As the philosopher Gillian Rose has pointed out , `` recognising our transformative or productive activity has a special claim as a mode of acknowledging actuality which transcends the dichotomies between theoretical and practical reason … transformative activity acknowledges actuality in the act and does not oppose act to non-act `` .
as the philosopher gillian rose has pointed out , `` recognising our transformative or productive activity has a special claim as a mode of acknowledging actuality which transcends the dichotomies between theoretical and practical reason … transformative activity [notes] actuality in the act and does not oppose act to non-act `` .

But she herself neither acknowledges this , nor explores what problems a religion of which this is true holds for women .
but she herself neither [notes] this , nor explores what problems a religion of which this is true holds for women .

Admittedly the Vienna Convention itself applies only to treaties in written form , but Article 3 acknowledges the legal force of unwritten agreements .
admittedly the vienna convention itself applies only to treaties in written form , but article 3 [notes] the legal force of unwritten agreements .

The system acknowledges the limited training teachers receive in woodturning and the short time that each pupil will spend on the lathe in the academic year .
the system [notes] the limited training teachers receive in woodturning and the short time that each pupil will spend on the lathe in the academic year .

We need not take Burgess 's parody too seriously , nor need we accept the absoluteness of his Class 1 and Class 2 categories — since he himself acknowledges that the two classes overlap .
we need not take burgess 's parody too seriously , nor need we accept the absoluteness of his class 1 and class 2 categories — since he himself [notes] that the two classes overlap .

This model of the internal structure of the company acknowledges that the shareholders do not control those who manage the company and instead entrusts this task to a reconstituted board .
this model of the internal structure of the company [notes] that the shareholders do not control those who manage the company and instead entrusts this task to a reconstituted board .

He acknowledges that precisely what rules of property there should be is undetermined by this ‘ general requirement of justice ’ and he also concedes that the choice of rules will be to some extent arbitrary .
he [notes] that precisely what rules of property there should be is undetermined by this ‘ general requirement of justice ’ and he also concedes that the choice of rules will be to some extent arbitrary .

The report seems to concede that no export regulation could conceivably have prevented this collection from leaving the country , and also acknowledges that one of the main reasons why Baron von Thyssen , and other great collectors such as Heinz Berggruen , chose to bring their art collection to Switzerland in the first place was , and remains , the great freedom offered by the Swiss legal system .
the report seems to concede that no export regulation could conceivably have prevented this collection from leaving the country , and also [notes] that one of the main reasons why baron von thyssen , and other great collectors such as heinz berggruen , chose to bring their art collection to switzerland in the first place was , and remains , the great freedom offered by the swiss legal system .

Still , Fishko realises that his stable may not be an easy sell : ‘ It will take some time years probably ’ , he acknowledges .
still , fishko realises that his stable may not be an easy sell : ‘ it will take some time years probably ’ , he [notes] .

Regarding ‘ social skills ’ , he acknowledges that his recent , successful students have been uncommonly well organised in their self-marketing .
regarding ‘ social skills ’ , he [notes] that his recent , successful students have been uncommonly well organised in their self-marketing .

Ralston dismissed Calloway 's sales projection , but acknowledges that no auction for Barnes publishing rights was held .
ralston dismissed calloway 's sales projection , but [notes] that no auction for barnes publishing rights was held .

In his latest publication on literacy , The Domestication of the Savage Mind ( 1977 ) , Goody acknowledges this work , but does not allow it to deflect from his design .
in his latest publication on literacy , the domestication of the savage mind ( 1977 ) , goody [notes] this work , but does not allow it to deflect from his design .

Lévi-Strauss , he acknowledges , has criticised Malinowski 's claim that the interest of ‘ primitive ’ peoples in totemic plants and animals was inspired by ‘ nothing but the rumblings of their stomachs ’ .
lévi-strauss , he [notes] , has criticised malinowski 's claim that the interest of ‘ primitive ’ peoples in totemic plants and animals was inspired by ‘ nothing but the rumblings of their stomachs ’ .

But with the push towards fostering , adoption , and family care , the problems facing carers in the residential sector have increased as the majority of residents are older with varying degrees of behaviour and emotional problems , an issue the government acknowledges .
but with the push towards fostering , adoption , and family care , the problems facing carers in the residential sector have increased as the majority of residents are older with varying degrees of behaviour and emotional problems , an issue the government [notes] .

Oakeshott suggests that each mode of experience constitutes a self-contradiction since the aim it pursues contradicts the criterion of coherence it implicitly acknowledges .
oakeshott suggests that each mode of experience constitutes a self-contradiction since the aim it pursues contradicts the criterion of coherence it implicitly [notes] .

As Keeton acknowledges , Dicey ‘ inherited an outlook upon the constitution which owed something to Burke , Blackstone and Bagehot , and which saw in the English system the climax of political achievement ’ .
as keeton [notes] , dicey ‘ inherited an outlook upon the constitution which owed something to burke , blackstone and bagehot , and which saw in the english system the climax of political achievement ’ .

Some hotels follow the practice of confirming a reservation by sending a standard letter or card which acknowledges a deposit , the type of accommodation reserved and garage space if necessary .
some hotels follow the practice of confirming a reservation by sending a standard letter or card which [notes] a deposit , the type of accommodation reserved and garage space if necessary .

Catholicism , for its many faults , acknowledges the terrors of the waking world , the black void of the individual soul and the need to fill what little time remains with homage to loss , to death , and to fear .
catholicism , for its many faults , [notes] the terrors of the waking world , the black void of the individual soul and the need to fill what little time remains with homage to loss , to death , and to fear .

Paying independently for research would be far too expensive , and as Payne acknowledges candidly , ‘ If we 're paying commissions and thus get literally the first call on the telephone , we have an edge when it comes to news items .
paying independently for research would be far too expensive , and as payne [notes] candidly , ‘ if we 're paying commissions and thus get literally the first call on the telephone , we have an edge when it comes to news items .

Neale was rated 9,9 by his team members , a fact that he acknowledges with appropriate diffidence .
neale was rated 9,9 by his team members , a fact that he [notes] with appropriate diffidence .

Sandy Irvine acknowledges that ‘ every little advance is to be welcomed , otherwise there will be nothing left to save when the revolution comes ’ .
sandy irvine [notes] that ‘ every little advance is to be welcomed , otherwise there will be nothing left to save when the revolution comes ’ .

where , despite the fact that the writ has not been duly served on the defendant , he acknowledges service of it ;
where , despite the fact that the writ has not been duly served on the defendant , he [notes] service of it ;

Manne now acknowledges that this argument may be less persuasive than he initially thought : ‘ [ t ] hat kind of trading may have some impact , but we can not be sure a priori how much impact it will actually have , if it will have any at all .
manne now [notes] that this argument may be less persuasive than he initially thought : ‘ [ t ] hat kind of trading may have some impact , but we can not be sure a priori how much impact it will actually have , if it will have any at all .

Interview George is an upholder of the English legal system who acknowledges the need for vigilance and room for careful reform .
interview george is an upholder of the english legal system who [notes] the need for vigilance and room for careful reform .

Deem herself acknowledges that the match between policy decisions made at one level of government and what actually happens in the classroom may be less than perfect .
deem herself [notes] that the match between policy decisions made at one level of government and what actually happens in the classroom may be less than perfect .

Sociology will need to make use of psychoanalytic theory to the extent that it seeks to be not only accumulating knowledge and developing theory for its own sake , but also acknowledges that by doing this it is changing society 's own self-understanding .
sociology will need to make use of psychoanalytic theory to the extent that it seeks to be not only accumulating knowledge and developing theory for its own sake , but also [notes] that by doing this it is changing society 's own self-understanding .

He acknowledges that in many sectors the legal framework , which is based on the Portuguese legal system , needs tightening .
he [notes] that in many sectors the legal framework , which is based on the portuguese legal system , needs tightening .

Pinchbeck acknowledges that in the five years since he left , Magnus has undergone interesting change .
pinchbeck [notes] that in the five years since he left , magnus has undergone interesting change .

In achieving these results , the college acknowledges the benefits of working in partnership with several external agencies . The college has attracted funding from programmes such as :
in achieving these results , the college [notes] the benefits of working in partnership with several external agencies . the college has attracted funding from programmes such as :

With regard to strategic planning , the document acknowledges the need to continue with the Structure Plan system and suggests some options as to how this may be achieved .
with regard to strategic planning , the document [notes] the need to continue with the structure plan system and suggests some options as to how this may be achieved .

Unlike Marlowe , he acknowledges time as an all powerful element which brings such fantasies crashing down to earth .
unlike marlowe , he [notes] time as an all powerful element which brings such fantasies crashing down to earth .

Any such classification is bound to be somewhat arbitrary and , as Willett acknowledges , many groups can be placed in more than one category .
any such classification is bound to be somewhat arbitrary and , as willett [notes] , many groups can be placed in more than one category .

McLuhan 's famous ‘ the medium is the message ’ is true to the extent that corporations , increasingly transnational corporations , control the media to propagate their message , as McLuhan himself occasionally acknowledges .
mcluhan 's famous ‘ the medium is the message ’ is true to the extent that corporations , increasingly transnational corporations , control the media to propagate their message , as mcluhan himself occasionally [notes] .

‘ Yes ; she knows , and she does n't mind ; she acknowledges the custom is dying out fast .
‘ yes ; she knows , and she does n't mind ; she [notes] the custom is dying out fast .

Iraq confirms that it has moved Westerners to military bases and President Bush acknowledges that Americans in Kuwait are `` hostages `` .
iraq confirms that it has moved westerners to military bases and president bush [notes] that americans in kuwait are `` hostages `` .

Thus it is clear that ( a ) affirms the footballer ; ( b ) also affirms the footballer because the speaker has made it clear that it is a personal reaction of liking or disliking which has nothing to do with appreciation of football 's being a good game ; ( c ) is affirming also because although criticism of the game is stated , its positive value comes first , and in any case the keen footballer is likely to be the first to agree that the level of enjoyment varies according to different games of football ; ( d ) however veers towards dismissal of football and therefore dismissal of what is meaningful to the footballer , because although it acknowledges that sometimes it is a good game the emphasis is on the negative side ; ( e ) is not affirming because even though the hurt to the footballer is cushioned by making it clear that this is a personal opinion , a very negative judgement is in fact articulated ; ( f ) has the straight effect of dismissing the footballer as well as football because it implies that anyone who spends time on football is stupid .
thus it is clear that ( a ) affirms the footballer ; ( b ) also affirms the footballer because the speaker has made it clear that it is a personal reaction of liking or disliking which has nothing to do with appreciation of football 's being a good game ; ( c ) is affirming also because although criticism of the game is stated , its positive value comes first , and in any case the keen footballer is likely to be the first to agree that the level of enjoyment varies according to different games of football ; ( d ) however veers towards dismissal of football and therefore dismissal of what is meaningful to the footballer , because although it [notes] that sometimes it is a good game the emphasis is on the negative side ; ( e ) is not affirming because even though the hurt to the footballer is cushioned by making it clear that this is a personal opinion , a very negative judgement is in fact articulated ; ( f ) has the straight effect of dismissing the footballer as well as football because it implies that anyone who spends time on football is stupid .

At each Hour a verse from the hymn is followed by a prayer which acknowledges this and sees the Incarnation as the means by which all men , both living and dead , can be united : The office thus daily rehearsed the historical story of the Passion of Christ and its significance in such a way that it is constantly renewed in human awareness through both the linear and cyclical experience of the passing of time .
at each hour a verse from the hymn is followed by a prayer which [notes] this and sees the incarnation as the means by which all men , both living and dead , can be united : the office thus daily rehearsed the historical story of the passion of christ and its significance in such a way that it is constantly renewed in human awareness through both the linear and cyclical experience of the passing of time .

In Emendatio Vitae he acknowledges the variety of modes of expressing this kind of insight : He continues with a memorable expression of the joy in the play of faith `` myrth in mynde had gostely for lufar euerlastynge , with grete voys oowt brekand `` ( 12.127.16 – 28 ) .
in emendatio vitae he [notes] the variety of modes of expressing this kind of insight : he continues with a memorable expression of the joy in the play of faith `` myrth in mynde had gostely for lufar euerlastynge , with grete voys oowt brekand `` ( 12.127.16 – 28 ) .

On occasions when he is developing thought about contemplative prayer as an experience where man feels his faculties of reason and will to be at rest , informed by a loving knowledge of God , or about this experience both restoring what man lost at the Fall and anticipating the life to come , he acknowledges that he has outstripped the immediate needs of his particular audience : `` has no fully seen what it is , for is opened `` ( 46.319a .
on occasions when he is developing thought about contemplative prayer as an experience where man feels his faculties of reason and will to be at rest , informed by a loving knowledge of god , or about this experience both restoring what man lost at the fall and anticipating the life to come , he [notes] that he has outstripped the immediate needs of his particular audience : `` has no fully seen what it is , for is opened `` ( 46.319a .

The opening fourteen chapters of Scale 1 provide a context of definitions for Hilton 's particular address to a recluse asking advice on the contemplative life which , in the first chapter , he acknowledges to be a demanding process : Although in defining active and contemplative life Hilton makes it clear that contemplative life belongs especially he , characteristically , makes it clear that it is not ruled out for actives .
the opening fourteen chapters of scale 1 provide a context of definitions for hilton 's particular address to a recluse asking advice on the contemplative life which , in the first chapter , he [notes] to be a demanding process : although in defining active and contemplative life hilton makes it clear that contemplative life belongs especially he , characteristically , makes it clear that it is not ruled out for actives .

The research , which acknowledges the profound effect on the student in changing to a different concept of learning , and the important effect of his previous full-time learning environment , sets out to develop an effective methodology for creating a research skills profile of the PhD student at the commencement of his course .
the research , which [notes] the profound effect on the student in changing to a different concept of learning , and the important effect of his previous full-time learning environment , sets out to develop an effective methodology for creating a research skills profile of the phd student at the commencement of his course .

She acknowledges her faults and is quick to ask forgiveness when she knows she has overstepped the line .
she [notes] her faults and is quick to ask forgiveness when she knows she has overstepped the line .

acknowledges to the buyer that he holds the goods on his behalf , section 29 ( 4 ) .
[notes] to the buyer that he holds the goods on his behalf , section 29 ( 4 ) .

When the carrier acknowledges that he holds for and on behalf of the buyer , e.g. by accepting and acting upon the buyer 's instructions not to convey the goods as far as their original destination or to convey them to a further destination , or
when the carrier [notes] that he holds for and on behalf of the buyer , e.g. by accepting and acting upon the buyer 's instructions not to convey the goods as far as their original destination or to convey them to a further destination , or

The Committee acknowledges that many mentally ill people in the community are not receiving the care and treatment they need , and will be putting proposals to the review aimed at finding solutions to this problem .
the committee [notes] that many mentally ill people in the community are not receiving the care and treatment they need , and will be putting proposals to the review aimed at finding solutions to this problem .

The author acknowledges that some types of text are necessarily more complex than others , and this depends on the subject matter .
the author [notes] that some types of text are necessarily more complex than others , and this depends on the subject matter .

We could say that the postmodern expression of the woman 's face is one that acknowledges itself as simulacrum and displays this without modesty .
we could say that the postmodern expression of the woman 's face is one that [notes] itself as simulacrum and displays this without modesty .

When labour has finished , the world celebrates with gifts of knitted pastels and flowers in ceramic baby booties , nothing that acknowledges the momentous nature of this event : the forging and re-forging or three people .
when labour has finished , the world celebrates with gifts of knitted pastels and flowers in ceramic baby booties , nothing that [notes] the momentous nature of this event : the forging and re-forging or three people .

However , once one acknowledges Jackson 's involvement with this period it seems important to move on .
however , once one [notes] jackson 's involvement with this period it seems important to move on .

Bill acknowledges with a nod .
bill [notes] with a nod .

Eight years later , the group still has neither a title to the 32 hectares , nor a formal guarantee of its right to occupy : its tenure rests on a letter from the National Agrarian Institute which simply acknowledges its presence .
eight years later , the group still has neither a title to the 32 hectares , nor a formal guarantee of its right to occupy : its tenure rests on a letter from the national agrarian institute which simply [notes] its presence .

The Society gratefully acknowledges receipt of the following items :
the society gratefully [notes] receipt of the following items :

Since the Prime Minister acknowledges convergence to be a matter of considerable importance in the development of the European Community , why is it , now that the Engineering Employers Federation , the Confederation of British Industry and his noble Friends in the House of Lords have all made cause for new investment incentives for British industry , that he and the remainder of the Government refuse to take such initiatives in order to support this very best way of securing recovery ?
since the prime minister [notes] convergence to be a matter of considerable importance in the development of the european community , why is it , now that the engineering employers federation , the confederation of british industry and his noble friends in the house of lords have all made cause for new investment incentives for british industry , that he and the remainder of the government refuse to take such initiatives in order to support this very best way of securing recovery ?

We do that regularly for aviation safety matters . Why can not the Government force the pace , make real progress and do something about reducing what the Home Secretary acknowledges is the fastest growing crime ?
we do that regularly for aviation safety matters . why can not the government force the pace , make real progress and do something about reducing what the home secretary [notes] is the fastest growing crime ?

The Great Rebellion at least acknowledges that there were other rebellions , though not as consequential , but rebellion is an extraordinarily loaded term — implying unlawful , morally improper and ultimately unwarranted action against legitimate authority .
the great rebellion at least [notes] that there were other rebellions , though not as consequential , but rebellion is an extraordinarily loaded term — implying unlawful , morally improper and ultimately unwarranted action against legitimate authority .

George Puttenham 's Arte of English Poesy , for example , readily acknowledges that rhetorical figures can ‘ abuse ’ a relation between words and things by creating a doubleness .
george puttenham 's arte of english poesy , for example , readily [notes] that rhetorical figures can ‘ abuse ’ a relation between words and things by creating a doubleness .

The process by which a text participates in the textuality of history is , as Montrose acknowledges , a process of effacement as well as preservation .
the process by which a text participates in the textuality of history is , as montrose [notes] , a process of effacement as well as preservation .

As Fineman acknowledges , the anecdote may not be at odds with the general sense but , as we observe with New Historicism 's use of anecdote , it is difficult to determine its relation to the general with any satisfaction .
as fineman [notes] , the anecdote may not be at odds with the general sense but , as we observe with new historicism 's use of anecdote , it is difficult to determine its relation to the general with any satisfaction .

Change haunts Spenser , even when he acknowledges that a providential order is operating .
change haunts spenser , even when he [notes] that a providential order is operating .

One of the difficulties he acknowledges is that the Irish are not given to fighting ‘ civilised ’ battles on a properly organised battle field .
one of the difficulties he [notes] is that the irish are not given to fighting ‘ civilised ’ battles on a properly organised battle field .

The result was a modification of the Rome Treaty which acknowledges the need to achieve social and economic cohesion .
the result was a modification of the rome treaty which [notes] the need to achieve social and economic cohesion .

This does not in itself involve companies undertaking insurance risks but acknowledges that the skills required for the operation of the life insurance business are similar to those needed to run pension funds .
this does not in itself involve companies undertaking insurance risks but [notes] that the skills required for the operation of the life insurance business are similar to those needed to run pension funds .

Even the Symbolist view ( which held sway in Russia in the first years of the century ) that ‘ art is thinking in images ’ can not be admitted , because although it acknowledges that thought in art takes a different form from conventional philosophy , it will in the end lead the study of art beyond art itself to forms of knowing and feeling , to epistemology and psychology .
even the symbolist view ( which held sway in russia in the first years of the century ) that ‘ art is thinking in images ’ can not be admitted , because although it [notes] that thought in art takes a different form from conventional philosophy , it will in the end lead the study of art beyond art itself to forms of knowing and feeling , to epistemology and psychology .

Any tense which includes a component of the present tense such as the passé composé ( il a écrit ) is personal in so far as it acknowledges the present moment of the utterance .
any tense which includes a component of the present tense such as the passé composé ( il a écrit ) is personal in so far as it [notes] the present moment of the utterance .

Indeed Derrida acknowledges the value of the Formalists ' attempt to wrest literature from its secondary role as instrument in the logocentric sciences of history and philosophy .
indeed derrida [notes] the value of the formalists ' attempt to wrest literature from its secondary role as instrument in the logocentric sciences of history and philosophy .

To the motorists themselves , first they have abused the privilege by excessive speeds ; second , nearly half the true visitors find the traffic objectionable ; and third , Holyrood is , as the Report acknowledges , a unique Park , the very wildness being the essence of its appeal in the middle of the city .
to the motorists themselves , first they have abused the privilege by excessive speeds ; second , nearly half the true visitors find the traffic objectionable ; and third , holyrood is , as the report [notes] , a unique park , the very wildness being the essence of its appeal in the middle of the city .

29 ( 2 ) If the person in possession of the land … acknowledges the title of the person to whom the right of action has accrued — ( a ) the right shall be treated as having accrued on and not before the date of the acknowledgment …
29 ( 2 ) if the person in possession of the land … [notes] the title of the person to whom the right of action has accrued — ( a ) the right shall be treated as having accrued on and not before the date of the acknowledgment …

Edwards acknowledges the importance of code switching in the community under study : Close examination of British Black speech suggests that the situation is closer to that of a bilingual community than to the post-Creole continuum which operates in the Caribbean .
edwards [notes] the importance of code switching in the community under study : close examination of british black speech suggests that the situation is closer to that of a bilingual community than to the post-creole continuum which operates in the caribbean .

She also acknowledges the effect of code-switching on the Patois index : `` In practice , because Patois was usually used in conjunction with English as a part of code-switching behaviour , most scores were considerably nearer to 100 than they were to 0 `` ( p.79 ) .
she also [notes] the effect of code-switching on the patois index : `` in practice , because patois was usually used in conjunction with english as a part of code-switching behaviour , most scores were considerably nearer to 100 than they were to 0 `` ( p.79 ) .

He condemns the monk : at the same time as he acknowledges the monk 's ingenuity that has provided him with his sexual reward : This monk does not suffer the retributive poetic justice that is so frequently met with by lecherous clerics in the French fabliaux .
he condemns the monk : at the same time as he [notes] the monk 's ingenuity that has provided him with his sexual reward : this monk does not suffer the retributive poetic justice that is so frequently met with by lecherous clerics in the french fabliaux .

The method acknowledges that there are laws of organisation which ensure that trends coalesce into defined patterns .
the method [notes] that there are laws of organisation which ensure that trends coalesce into defined patterns .

His present celebrity is a fairly recent phenomenon , and he insists that it has not really affected him , although he acknowledges that his appearances on television shows and in magazine profiles have somewhat robbed him of the anonymity which still clings to his ‘ invisible ’ friend , Cartier-Bresson .
his present celebrity is a fairly recent phenomenon , and he insists that it has not really affected him , although he [notes] that his appearances on television shows and in magazine profiles have somewhat robbed him of the anonymity which still clings to his ‘ invisible ’ friend , cartier-bresson .

He acknowledges Jean Renoir as his model .
he [notes] jean renoir as his model .

He acknowledges that Donald is South Africa 's top bowler and major attraction but he believes that is still no excuse for bowling him too much .
he [notes] that donald is south africa 's top bowler and major attraction but he believes that is still no excuse for bowling him too much .

Indeed , Gassendi acknowledges that ‘ in this matter it is especially difficult not to write satirically ’ .
indeed , gassendi [notes] that ‘ in this matter it is especially difficult not to write satirically ’ .

In common with Bacon , Gassendi does not say that Aristotle is completely valueless : he acknowledges the greatness of his mind .
in common with bacon , gassendi does not say that aristotle is completely valueless : he [notes] the greatness of his mind .

The point that in dreams we see things ‘ as existing at a great distance ’ indicates that this objection can be answered , but he acknowledges that some explanation is needed .
the point that in dreams we see things ‘ as existing at a great distance ’ indicates that this objection can be answered , but he [notes] that some explanation is needed .

Edward acknowledges her effect on him in a letter — one of numerous happy , affectionate letters to ‘ My dearest Friend ’ — from his lodgings at 113 Cowley Road , Oxford , 29 January 1898 ( the third of his letters to her after his return to Oxford for the Lent Term ) : Take care of yourself my dearest friend .
edward [notes] her effect on him in a letter — one of numerous happy , affectionate letters to ‘ my dearest friend ’ — from his lodgings at 113 cowley road , oxford , 29 january 1898 ( the third of his letters to her after his return to oxford for the lent term ) : take care of yourself my dearest friend .

But as Phil Sharp , chairman of the House of Representatives Energy Committee , gloomily acknowledges , it would also remove the pressure for an energy strategy .
but as phil sharp , chairman of the house of representatives energy committee , gloomily [notes] , it would also remove the pressure for an energy strategy .

The justice minister , Jarbas Passarinho , acknowledges the surge of bloody crime and popular vengeance in Brazil .
the justice minister , jarbas passarinho , [notes] the surge of bloody crime and popular vengeance in brazil .

The director of the Policy Studies Institute , Bill Daniel , acknowledges a belief that consensus is attainable if you ‘ establish the facts and get people of good will together .
the director of the policy studies institute , bill daniel , [notes] a belief that consensus is attainable if you ‘ establish the facts and get people of good will together .

So what is the publisher 's response ? Jenny Dereham , editor of the Wainwright series , acknowledges that there have been protests , and says that Michael Joseph will consider a meeting with the objectors to discuss the possibility of republication , with revisions , at some future date .
so what is the publisher 's response ? jenny dereham , editor of the wainwright series , [notes] that there have been protests , and says that michael joseph will consider a meeting with the objectors to discuss the possibility of republication , with revisions , at some future date .

Grand and messy , too , are the novels , neither dry nor little , of Christina Stead , whom Angela Carter acknowledges as a writer of ‘ sure and unmistakable stature ’ .
grand and messy , too , are the novels , neither dry nor little , of christina stead , whom angela carter [notes] as a writer of ‘ sure and unmistakable stature ’ .

Since Robert Graves wrote The White Goddess — an example Hughes acknowledges — nobody has offered the goddess so intricate a tribute .
since robert graves wrote the white goddess — an example hughes [notes] — nobody has offered the goddess so intricate a tribute .

Instead the Army welcomes the differences among the British , as long as everyone acknowledges a fundamental allegiance to Queen and country .
instead the army welcomes the differences among the british , as long as everyone [notes] a fundamental allegiance to queen and country .

This notion is intriguing , and acknowledges the fact that carbon is actually more common in much of the rest of the Universe than it is on Earth .
this notion is intriguing , and [notes] the fact that carbon is actually more common in much of the rest of the universe than it is on earth .

The ‘ spoil-sport ’ is not the same as the false player , the cheat ; for the latter pretends to be playing the game and , on the face of it , still acknowledges the magic circle .
the ‘ spoil-sport ’ is not the same as the false player , the cheat ; for the latter pretends to be playing the game and , on the face of it , still [notes] the magic circle .

The result is a service that acknowledges their special needs as guests and , more importantly , as individuals .
the result is a service that [notes] their special needs as guests and , more importantly , as individuals .

Describing our time-cues in this way acknowledges that independence from the natural environment has been achieved .
describing our time-cues in this way [notes] that independence from the natural environment has been achieved .

One remembers the substantial surge in Provisional support in the North on the occasion of the hunger strikes of 1981 , and the impact they had on Northern catholic — nationalist consciousness , one which Cox himself acknowledges .
one remembers the substantial surge in provisional support in the north on the occasion of the hunger strikes of 1981 , and the impact they had on northern catholic — nationalist consciousness , one which cox himself [notes] .

The State acknowledges that the homage of public worship is due to Almighty God .
the state [notes] that the homage of public worship is due to almighty god .

The State acknowledges that man , in virtue of his rational being , has the natural right , antecedent to positive law , to the private ownership of external goods .
the state [notes] that man , in virtue of his rational being , has the natural right , antecedent to positive law , to the private ownership of external goods .

The State acknowledges the right to life of the unborn and , with due regard to the equal right of life of the mother , guarantees in its laws to respect , and , as far as practicable , by its laws , defend and vindicate that right . ( Ninth Amendment of the Constitution Act , 1984 )
the state [notes] the right to life of the unborn and , with due regard to the equal right of life of the mother , guarantees in its laws to respect , and , as far as practicable , by its laws , defend and vindicate that right . ( ninth amendment of the constitution act , 1984 )

In the case of Jimmy Connors , Segura acknowledges the Connors ' clan helped Jimmy immensely .
in the case of jimmy connors , segura [notes] the connors ' clan helped jimmy immensely .

So far , the free world has liked him both for having been , and for having ceased to be , a communist of a sort , for the freedoms he seeks in matters of literary form , for the modern inventiveness and manipulation of the literary games he plays , games that none the less commemorate , as he acknowledges , Cervantes , Sterne and Diderot , and for the sexual games which he plays in an age when , as he once put it , sexuality has ceased to be taboo .
so far , the free world has liked him both for having been , and for having ceased to be , a communist of a sort , for the freedoms he seeks in matters of literary form , for the modern inventiveness and manipulation of the literary games he plays , games that none the less commemorate , as he [notes] , cervantes , sterne and diderot , and for the sexual games which he plays in an age when , as he once put it , sexuality has ceased to be taboo .

Francis acknowledges the tremendous influence of Gerard Mach , the successful Polish sprint coach who became national coach in Canada in 1973 .
francis [notes] the tremendous influence of gerard mach , the successful polish sprint coach who became national coach in canada in 1973 .

With only 180 sheriffs ' officers throughout Scotland , Simpson acknowledges that the collection process would be thrown into chaos if the non-payers persisted with their rebellion .
with only 180 sheriffs ' officers throughout scotland , simpson [notes] that the collection process would be thrown into chaos if the non-payers persisted with their rebellion .

It would have been more sensible to reduce the period span of the book , especially as Eccleshall himself acknowledges that Conservatism in its recognizably ‘ modern ’ form did not emerge until the early nineteenth century .
it would have been more sensible to reduce the period span of the book , especially as eccleshall himself [notes] that conservatism in its recognizably ‘ modern ’ form did not emerge until the early nineteenth century .

Eccleshall himself implicitly acknowledges this problem , for he notes at one point that Thatcherism 's characteristics — ‘ its mixture of abrasively theoretical market economics , uncompromising anti-egalitarianism and fervent patriotism ’ — are hardly ‘ the ingredients of what Oakeshottians judge to be authentic Conservatism ’ .
eccleshall himself implicitly [notes] this problem , for he notes at one point that thatcherism 's characteristics — ‘ its mixture of abrasively theoretical market economics , uncompromising anti-egalitarianism and fervent patriotism ’ — are hardly ‘ the ingredients of what oakeshottians judge to be authentic conservatism ’ .

Fforde acknowledges that all this appears to invalidate the central theme of his book .
fforde [notes] that all this appears to invalidate the central theme of his book .

Conran acknowledges that in the face of-City rumour it is important for a group such as his to communicate to the outside world what its overall strategy is and to spell out the logic of its master plan — something he feels Storehouse might have done to better effect prior to becoming besieged by unwelcome take-over bids .
conran [notes] that in the face of-city rumour it is important for a group such as his to communicate to the outside world what its overall strategy is and to spell out the logic of its master plan — something he feels storehouse might have done to better effect prior to becoming besieged by unwelcome take-over bids .

Laing acknowledges that the up-and-coming generation of managers are faced with a much faster-paced world than operated in most of his life , but he is not convinced it is any more difficult to be an executive today than in the past .
laing [notes] that the up-and-coming generation of managers are faced with a much faster-paced world than operated in most of his life , but he is not convinced it is any more difficult to be an executive today than in the past .

This is a language , a world view , a form of life perhaps , wherein one of the principal reasons for according praise to a type of art is that it is able to give voice to a politics ; Bolshevism in the main case , though as Callinicos acknowledges , one of the salient points about Modernism was its ‘ ambiguity , its capacity to express a variety of different political positions ’ ; that is , when it was not engaged on its more usual ‘ flight from politics ’ ( p. 161 ) .
this is a language , a world view , a form of life perhaps , wherein one of the principal reasons for according praise to a type of art is that it is able to give voice to a politics ; bolshevism in the main case , though as callinicos [notes] , one of the salient points about modernism was its ‘ ambiguity , its capacity to express a variety of different political positions ’ ; that is , when it was not engaged on its more usual ‘ flight from politics ’ ( p. 161 ) .

The author acknowledges that you will have difficulties but then suggests and explains what you can do to prevent them .
the author [notes] that you will have difficulties but then suggests and explains what you can do to prevent them .

But the play also acknowledges quite clearly that what is at stake is nothing less than the legitimacy of the whole social order , hinging as it does on a ‘ naturally ’ sanctioned law of sexual difference .
but the play also [notes] quite clearly that what is at stake is nothing less than the legitimacy of the whole social order , hinging as it does on a ‘ naturally ’ sanctioned law of sexual difference .

Sontag 's article at least has the virtue of tentativeness ; it is in the form of notes ( dedicated to Oscar Wilde ) , and acknowledges the difficulty of defining a sensibility , especially one as ‘ fugitive ’ as this ( ‘ Notes on Camp ’ , 277 ) .
sontag 's article at least has the virtue of tentativeness ; it is in the form of notes ( dedicated to oscar wilde ) , and [notes] the difficulty of defining a sensibility , especially one as ‘ fugitive ’ as this ( ‘ notes on camp ’ , 277 ) .

Parissien acknowledges another benefit : ‘ the bottom line , for those who want to see it that way , is that the course is also a guide to how to put money onto a house , rather than take it off . ’
parissien [notes] another benefit : ‘ the bottom line , for those who want to see it that way , is that the course is also a guide to how to put money onto a house , rather than take it off . ’

In considering planning for our common future in the face of global change , Holdgate acknowledges that governments are evidently aware of the problems , but awareness needs to be cultivated in individual firms and local communities .
in considering planning for our common future in the face of global change , holdgate [notes] that governments are evidently aware of the problems , but awareness needs to be cultivated in individual firms and local communities .

Nevertheless , the report acknowledges some uncertainties and continues the tradition of the series in presenting a reasonably comprehensive and balanced overview .
nevertheless , the report [notes] some uncertainties and continues the tradition of the series in presenting a reasonably comprehensive and balanced overview .

It acknowledges that pedagogical functions are dispersed among a range of people and influences which assume significance in a child 's life , ranging from family members to peers , formal and informal educators as well as organizations like the churches and the media .
it [notes] that pedagogical functions are dispersed among a range of people and influences which assume significance in a child 's life , ranging from family members to peers , formal and informal educators as well as organizations like the churches and the media .

This model acknowledges that social problems still arise , but the cause is located in the personal or social pathology of a minority of individuals and families whose behaviour or non-conformity must be controlled .
this model [notes] that social problems still arise , but the cause is located in the personal or social pathology of a minority of individuals and families whose behaviour or non-conformity must be controlled .

Allison acknowledges that there was a slightly strained period when he first began working with the group , but he found Charman particularly antagonistic .
allison [notes] that there was a slightly strained period when he first began working with the group , but he found charman particularly antagonistic .

Konitz acknowledges that there is some basis in his history for this view : he and his 1950s musical guru , the pianist Lennie Tristano , in a sense set themselves up as a ( white ) alternative school to bebop : ‘ Tristano was keen to prove that whites could play jazz , though Charlie Parker , Lester Young and Louis Armstrong were his heroes .
konitz [notes] that there is some basis in his history for this view : he and his 1950s musical guru , the pianist lennie tristano , in a sense set themselves up as a ( white ) alternative school to bebop : ‘ tristano was keen to prove that whites could play jazz , though charlie parker , lester young and louis armstrong were his heroes .

Thus he himself acknowledges that the relationship is broken .
thus he himself [notes] that the relationship is broken .

In a book called Problems with badgers ? , the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals acknowledges that badgers are a nuisance for farmers , but suggests the damage they do is often exaggerated .
in a book called problems with badgers ? , the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals [notes] that badgers are a nuisance for farmers , but suggests the damage they do is often exaggerated .

Although he acknowledges that the moisture content is high , he says the extra drying costs are offset by catching the crop before it sheds any ears .
although he [notes] that the moisture content is high , he says the extra drying costs are offset by catching the crop before it sheds any ears .

Like another graduate of the penal system , Stephen Fry , he acknowledges the similarities between public school and prison .
like another graduate of the penal system , stephen fry , he [notes] the similarities between public school and prison .

McKibbin , in particular , acknowledges the strengths and weaknesses of the new constituency and party organizations but stresses the overall general improvements which were achieved .
mckibbin , in particular , [notes] the strengths and weaknesses of the new constituency and party organizations but stresses the overall general improvements which were achieved .

It may not be to women 's advantage , but it is there , and it acknowledges the power , albeit negative , of women 's cycles of fertility .
it may not be to women 's advantage , but it is there , and it [notes] the power , albeit negative , of women 's cycles of fertility .

Finally Rose of Lima also had the great consolation of believing that she was doing a socially useful job — and there were not many of these available for women in the early seventeenth century . Even the somewhat pietistic Alban Butler in his Lives of the Saints acknowledges this :
finally rose of lima also had the great consolation of believing that she was doing a socially useful job — and there were not many of these available for women in the early seventeenth century . even the somewhat pietistic alban butler in his lives of the saints [notes] this :

From the tracking of this ‘ non-writer ’ , Del Giudice proceeds , in the second novel , to the portrait of a fictional novelist who , on the brink of receiving the Nobel Prize , acknowledges with joy that he has passed beyond writing :
from the tracking of this ‘ non-writer ’ , del giudice proceeds , in the second novel , to the portrait of a fictional novelist who , on the brink of receiving the nobel prize , [notes] with joy that he has passed beyond writing :

Nicholson , while rejecting Corman as his ‘ mentor ’ gladly acknowledges the start and subsequent ten years ' work he gave him .
nicholson , while rejecting corman as his ‘ mentor ’ gladly [notes] the start and subsequent ten years ' work he gave him .

Olver , who acknowledges an even greater debt that Northampton have to All Black Wayne Shelford and coach Glenn Ross , also a New Zealander , makes no promises about the title .
olver , who [notes] an even greater debt that northampton have to all black wayne shelford and coach glenn ross , also a new zealander , makes no promises about the title .

Two versions of the tune appear in the collections of Captain Francis O'Neill of the Chicago Police , a contemporary of Honeyman , and Alastair Hardie includes it in his Caledonian Companion , where he acknowledges its publication in Kohler 's Violin Repository of 1885 .
two versions of the tune appear in the collections of captain francis o'neill of the chicago police , a contemporary of honeyman , and alastair hardie includes it in his caledonian companion , where he [notes] its publication in kohler 's violin repository of 1885 .

Dr Mawhinney acknowledges that a majority nudging 10,000 was ‘ never natural ’ for such a community but is confident of hanging on .
dr mawhinney [notes] that a majority nudging 10,000 was ‘ never natural ’ for such a community but is confident of hanging on .

He acknowledges that ‘ the end of history will be a sad time ’ , he admits the ‘ spiritual vacuity of liberal consumerist societies ’ , but , in the face of their inevitable triumph , feels , and notices in his friends , only ‘ ambivalence ( and ) a powerful nostalgia ’ for a world that has passed away .
he [notes] that ‘ the end of history will be a sad time ’ , he admits the ‘ spiritual vacuity of liberal consumerist societies ’ , but , in the face of their inevitable triumph , feels , and notices in his friends , only ‘ ambivalence ( and ) a powerful nostalgia ’ for a world that has passed away .

She acknowledges that such a claim can not be substantiated because she also received orthodox medical treatment .
she [notes] that such a claim can not be substantiated because she also received orthodox medical treatment .

The story is an intricate one , as Herbert Schneidau acknowledges ; and Pound 's holding out against Ford for the Dantesque principle of a ‘ curial ’ diction ( see his introduction to the poems of Lionel Johnson ) represents to my mind an objection that can still be raised to Ford 's principles of diction , salutary as Ford 's polemics undoubtedly were for Pound at this time .
the story is an intricate one , as herbert schneidau [notes] ; and pound 's holding out against ford for the dantesque principle of a ‘ curial ’ diction ( see his introduction to the poems of lionel johnson ) represents to my mind an objection that can still be raised to ford 's principles of diction , salutary as ford 's polemics undoubtedly were for pound at this time .

Easthope acknowledges that the pentameter line had qualities which made it more resourceful than the older accentual metre , since one could achieve a great range of poetic effects by counterpointing intonation against metre , which is what nearly all the major English poets have done , though supposedly imprisoned in this bourgeois strait-jacket .
easthope [notes] that the pentameter line had qualities which made it more resourceful than the older accentual metre , since one could achieve a great range of poetic effects by counterpointing intonation against metre , which is what nearly all the major english poets have done , though supposedly imprisoned in this bourgeois strait-jacket .

Interestingly , Anthony Easthope acknowledges the distinction at one point in Poetry as Discourse : ‘ Failure to distinguish clearly between signified and referent , the object it may refer to , has led to serious confusion in some accounts of the ideogram .
interestingly , anthony easthope [notes] the distinction at one point in poetry as discourse : ‘ failure to distinguish clearly between signified and referent , the object it may refer to , has led to serious confusion in some accounts of the ideogram .

As his admirer Malcolm Bowie acknowledges , Lacan 's style is marked by ,
as his admirer malcolm bowie [notes] , lacan 's style is marked by ,

In the last of these veins , Harman acknowledges , ‘ The problem , on the surface at least , is the persistence , the seriousness , with which an intelligence of this order employs devices that seem to be at best witty and at worst trivial .
in the last of these veins , harman [notes] , ‘ the problem , on the surface at least , is the persistence , the seriousness , with which an intelligence of this order employs devices that seem to be at best witty and at worst trivial .

Donald Davie , in a dispirited essay called ‘ Criticism and the Academy ’ , ruefully acknowledges that the belletrist criticism of men of letters such as Edmund Wilson and Cyril Connolly ( unequal figures , these , one has to remark ) might have more to be said for it than he , as a lifelong academic , would be happy to acknowledge :
donald davie , in a dispirited essay called ‘ criticism and the academy ’ , ruefully [notes] that the belletrist criticism of men of letters such as edmund wilson and cyril connolly ( unequal figures , these , one has to remark ) might have more to be said for it than he , as a lifelong academic , would be happy to acknowledge :

Graff acknowledges the problem and proposes an openly dialectical and adversarial form of teaching .
graff [notes] the problem and proposes an openly dialectical and adversarial form of teaching .

Mr Jan Urban , one of the Forum 's inner core , readily acknowledges the shift .
mr jan urban , one of the forum 's inner core , readily [notes] the shift .

‘ There is a lot of room for improvement , ’ acknowledges Fogelman .
‘ there is a lot of room for improvement , ’ [notes] fogelman .

As paragraph 14.12 acknowledges , language competence is dependent on the task : children will show different ability on tasks of different kinds .
as paragraph 14.12 [notes] , language competence is dependent on the task : children will show different ability on tasks of different kinds .

In Iran , the regime that replaced the Shah appears as militantly Islamic ( and , in theory , internationalist , for Shi-ism acknowledges no secular boundaries ) , and yet is more easily seen as the spearhead of Iranian nationalism .
in iran , the regime that replaced the shah appears as militantly islamic ( and , in theory , internationalist , for shi-ism [notes] no secular boundaries ) , and yet is more easily seen as the spearhead of iranian nationalism .

Moreover we recognize that to talk of ‘ rising to the top ’ is an unavoidable metaphor that acknowledges the reality of competition .
moreover we recognize that to talk of ‘ rising to the top ’ is an unavoidable metaphor that [notes] the reality of competition .

The European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , to which the United Kingdom is signatory , enshrines the right to freedom of expression , but acknowledges the extent to which its exercise carries with it duties and responsibilities , including the ‘ prevention of disorder and crime ’ and the ‘ protection of health or morals ’ .
the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms , to which the united kingdom is signatory , enshrines the right to freedom of expression , but [notes] the extent to which its exercise carries with it duties and responsibilities , including the ‘ prevention of disorder and crime ’ and the ‘ protection of health or morals ’ .

This added to his ascendancy over the tyros round his Cabinet table in the autumn of 1964 , as he now acknowledges .
this added to his ascendancy over the tyros round his cabinet table in the autumn of 1964 , as he now [notes] .

The implication of this is that in some kinds of library the librarian acknowledges a degree of responsibility to his users , who may not themselves know whether a particular item contains reliable information .
the implication of this is that in some kinds of library the librarian [notes] a degree of responsibility to his users , who may not themselves know whether a particular item contains reliable information .

She may find it difficult to raise this personally more pressing problem , but until the adviser acknowledges her priorities , Sally may not absorb what is said to her .
she may find it difficult to raise this personally more pressing problem , but until the adviser [notes] her priorities , sally may not absorb what is said to her .

Such a setting , as Coleridge acknowledges in the poem , he might once have sought out to echo the mood of a ‘ sad gloom-pamper 'd Man ’ ; but now his descriptions of the sea breeze moaning through the house , the thunder of the ‘ onward-surging tides ’ and the watchfire shining out from Flat Holm in the Bristol Channel , are powerfully transformed by the central fact of his love for Sara , and become part of a vast natural counterpoint to intimate and far from gloomy thoughts .
such a setting , as coleridge [notes] in the poem , he might once have sought out to echo the mood of a ‘ sad gloom-pamper 'd man ’ ; but now his descriptions of the sea breeze moaning through the house , the thunder of the ‘ onward-surging tides ’ and the watchfire shining out from flat holm in the bristol channel , are powerfully transformed by the central fact of his love for sara , and become part of a vast natural counterpoint to intimate and far from gloomy thoughts .

Even if one acknowledges the significance of the state itself as an agency , there is a danger that it may be given a role which is too sharply independent .
even if one [notes] the significance of the state itself as an agency , there is a danger that it may be given a role which is too sharply independent .

Cawson himself acknowledges the significance of this in his discussion of ‘ microcorporatism ’ , that is the detailed bargaining of the state with individual enterprises over investment and other matters , sometimes with the involvement of trade unions ( see Cawson ( 1986 , pp .
cawson himself [notes] the significance of this in his discussion of ‘ microcorporatism ’ , that is the detailed bargaining of the state with individual enterprises over investment and other matters , sometimes with the involvement of trade unions ( see cawson ( 1986 , pp .

Community law acknowledges the principle of legal privilege .
community law [notes] the principle of legal privilege .

The Edinburgh Military Tattoo gratefully acknowledges the support of Glayva in mounting the 1992 Tattoo
the edinburgh military tattoo gratefully [notes] the support of glayva in mounting the 1992 tattoo

He acknowledges her humiliation by jumping out of his side of the car , coming round to hers , opening the door for her and waiting ostentatiously for her awkwardly to tuck her legs inside before closing it with a little bow .
he [notes] her humiliation by jumping out of his side of the car , coming round to hers , opening the door for her and waiting ostentatiously for her awkwardly to tuck her legs inside before closing it with a little bow .

In British patent application 2 101 060 the company acknowledges that pilots can reduce the nuisance value of aircraft noise by reducing the thrust of their engines while flying over densely populated areas near airports .
in british patent application 2 101 060 the company [notes] that pilots can reduce the nuisance value of aircraft noise by reducing the thrust of their engines while flying over densely populated areas near airports .

Ashagre acknowledges that this is too little .
ashagre [notes] that this is too little .

It acknowledges its position as a London Landmark ( and one of the top 10 London tourist attractions ) in hosting dozens of product launches , promoting goods ranging from books , colour transparencies and magazines to washing machines .
it [notes] its position as a london landmark ( and one of the top 10 london tourist attractions ) in hosting dozens of product launches , promoting goods ranging from books , colour transparencies and magazines to washing machines .

Throughout the report the committee acknowledges the need to balance the quick in vitro tests with the more expensive and time-consuming tests on animals .
throughout the report the committee [notes] the need to balance the quick in vitro tests with the more expensive and time-consuming tests on animals .

Sir Frank also acknowledges that British ships had not been adequately defended against Exocet , and that there could not have been any control over its sale to third parties as British firms supplied only components .
sir frank also [notes] that british ships had not been adequately defended against exocet , and that there could not have been any control over its sale to third parties as british firms supplied only components .

The Guinness book acknowledges that the Kilwinning papingo shoot was first contested in 1488 .
the guinness book [notes] that the kilwinning papingo shoot was first contested in 1488 .

Freud acknowledges the unconscious and provides a means of exploring it and of living with it .
freud [notes] the unconscious and provides a means of exploring it and of living with it .

The Cultural Production and the Mass Media unit acknowledges the significant contribution of television to 20th-century culture and seeks to equip students with the methodological tools to analyse this contemporary artistic form .
the cultural production and the mass media unit [notes] the significant contribution of television to 20th-century culture and seeks to equip students with the methodological tools to analyse this contemporary artistic form .

So it may be that Green influenced the way that the great poet looked at his surroundings , certainly in the later editions of Wordsworth 's Guide he acknowledges the value of the painter 's book .
so it may be that green influenced the way that the great poet looked at his surroundings , certainly in the later editions of wordsworth 's guide he [notes] the value of the painter 's book .

York Early Music Festival gratefully acknowledges financial support from Yorkshire & Humberside Arts
york early music festival gratefully [notes] financial support from yorkshire & humberside arts

The Georgian Theatre Royal gratefully acknowledges financial support from Richmond Town Council , Richmondshire District Council , Yorkshire and Humberside Arts and North Yorkshire County Council .
the georgian theatre royal gratefully [notes] financial support from richmond town council , richmondshire district council , yorkshire and humberside arts and north yorkshire county council .

Damon acknowledges that economic constraints and other family pressures play a part in this youth disaection .
damon [notes] that economic constraints and other family pressures play a part in this youth disaection .

Subia acknowledges that none of this would have happened if it were n't for the mural outside his home .
subia [notes] that none of this would have happened if it were n't for the mural outside his home .

Zelon acknowledges that she makes an effort to ensure that jurors leave her courtroom with a sense of confidence in the organization of courtroom proceedings and the effectiveness of the trial-by-jury system .
zelon [notes] that she makes an effort to ensure that jurors leave her courtroom with a sense of confidence in the organization of courtroom proceedings and the effectiveness of the trial-by-jury system .

However , there are other transition costs that CBO acknowledges are not included in their estimates beyond the cost to hire , house , and equip key personnel .
however , there are other transition costs that cbo [notes] are not included in their estimates beyond the cost to hire , house , and equip key personnel .

The person recording the T & A data acknowledges responsibility for the accuracy of the recorded data .
the person recording the t & a data [notes] responsibility for the accuracy of the recorded data .

The approving official acknowledges awareness and understanding of his/her responsibility when approving T & A data .
the approving official [notes] awareness and understanding of his/her responsibility when approving t & a data .

This CIO acknowledges , however , that his company does not spend enough on training .
this cio [notes] , however , that his company does not spend enough on training .

Unique State Ethics Rules : LSC acknowledges that there may be states where the rules of professional responsibility , ethics rulings , case law or other laws differ from the general framework under the Model Rules of Professional Responsibility and where the disclosures sought by OCE may implicate the recipient attorneys ' professional responsibilities or other law .
unique state ethics rules : lsc [notes] that there may be states where the rules of professional responsibility , ethics rulings , case law or other laws differ from the general framework under the model rules of professional responsibility and where the disclosures sought by oce may implicate the recipient attorneys ' professional responsibilities or other law .

The Case Statistics Issue LSC acknowledges that serious questions have been raised concerning the accuracy and validity of the Case Service Report ( CSR ) data submitted annually by our grantees.2 LSC is aware that problems exist in the statistical reports received and is taking steps to identify and correct those problems .
the case statistics issue lsc [notes] that serious questions have been raised concerning the accuracy and validity of the case service report ( csr ) data submitted annually by our grantees.2 lsc is aware that problems exist in the statistical reports received and is taking steps to identify and correct those problems .

EPA acknowledges that reference toxicants prepared from pure chemicals may not always be representative of effluents .
epa [notes] that reference toxicants prepared from pure chemicals may not always be representative of effluents .

USEPA acknowledges that reference toxicants prepared from pure chemicals may not always be representative of effluents .
usepa [notes] that reference toxicants prepared from pure chemicals may not always be representative of effluents .

USEPA acknowledges that reference toxicants prepared from pure chemicals may not always be representative of effluents .
usepa [notes] that reference toxicants prepared from pure chemicals may not always be representative of effluents .

EPA acknowledges these uncertainties ; however , for this analysis , we assume a causal relationship between exposure to elevated PM and premature mortality , based on the consistent evidence of a correlation between PM and mortality reported in the scientific literature .
epa [notes] these uncertainties ; however , for this analysis , we assume a causal relationship between exposure to elevated pm and premature mortality , based on the consistent evidence of a correlation between pm and mortality reported in the scientific literature .

The Port Authority acknowledges that it had no protocol for rescuing people trapped above a fire in the towers .
the port authority [notes] that it had no protocol for rescuing people trapped above a fire in the towers .

KSM acknowledges formally joining al Qaeda , in late 1998 or 1999 , and states that soon afterward , Bin Ladin also made the decision to support his proposal to attack the United States using commercial airplanes as weapons .
ksm [notes] formally joining al qaeda , in late 1998 or 1999 , and states that soon afterward , bin ladin also made the decision to support his proposal to attack the united states using commercial airplanes as weapons .

Worm acknowledges that his approach can be improved , but says , “ The whole point of our paper was to aggregate species to communities to see what the overall ecosystem is doing . ”
worm [notes] that his approach can be improved , but says , “ the whole point of our paper was to aggregate species to communities to see what the overall ecosystem is doing . ”

Van Essen acknowledges that this is n't just an impediment for Allen 's team , but for neuroscience as a whole .
van essen [notes] that this is n't just an impediment for allen 's team , but for neuroscience as a whole .

Lein acknowledges that figuring out how to best annotate the data is one of the bigger challenges for the future—particularly in cases where gene expression does n't match the agreed-upon boundaries of anatomical regions .
lein [notes] that figuring out how to best annotate the data is one of the bigger challenges for the future—particularly in cases where gene expression does n't match the agreed-upon boundaries of anatomical regions .

Dr. Miller acknowledges that placebo would have provided a better assessment of the safety signal in the VIGOR study .
dr. miller [notes] that placebo would have provided a better assessment of the safety signal in the vigor study .

We want to have as a benchmark a European standard that should be as high as the standard is in the US. ’ Gruss acknowledges the tensions that the ERC proposal has generated among Member States : ‘ I 'm not saying that there are n't countries that have this standard—like the UK , parts of Germany , Sweden , and some other Nordic countries—but of course this is not the general European standard , and in order to get one and the same , the common standard , we need a common structure . ’
we want to have as a benchmark a european standard that should be as high as the standard is in the us. ’ gruss [notes] the tensions that the erc proposal has generated among member states : ‘ i 'm not saying that there are n't countries that have this standard—like the uk , parts of germany , sweden , and some other nordic countries—but of course this is not the general european standard , and in order to get one and the same , the common standard , we need a common structure . ’

He says that the best people are not interested in peer reviewing a system that does n't work : ‘ You 're not attracting the peer reviewers that you need to maintain quality. ’ At last , acknowledges Simons , someone in Brussels is listening .
he says that the best people are not interested in peer reviewing a system that does n't work : ‘ you 're not attracting the peer reviewers that you need to maintain quality. ’ at last , [notes] simons , someone in brussels is listening .

The EPA acknowledges that over 140 registered pesticides are neurotoxic ( i.e. , specifically designed to act against pests by interfering with neurotransmitters or other processes shared by mammals and insects ) , but the EPA has received DNT testing using validated protocols for only nine pesticides [ 49,75,76,77 ] .
the epa [notes] that over 140 registered pesticides are neurotoxic ( i.e. , specifically designed to act against pests by interfering with neurotransmitters or other processes shared by mammals and insects ) , but the epa has received dnt testing using validated protocols for only nine pesticides [ 49,75,76,77 ] .

Gigot notes that the protestors -- union members , consumer activists , and environmentalists -- are not exactly marginal to the Democratic Party , and Clift acknowledges that Clinton has done a poor job selling his free-trade stance .
gigot notes that the protestors -- union members , consumer activists , and environmentalists -- are not exactly marginal to the democratic party , and clift [notes] that clinton has done a poor job selling his free-trade stance .

Harkin also acknowledges the political benefit from a trial : `` I think the Republicans are reeling from this , '' he told the New York Times .
harkin also [notes] the political benefit from a trial : `` i think the republicans are reeling from this , '' he told the new york times .

Individual acts of conscience can and do save lives , and heroism can win a war or a battle , he acknowledges .
individual acts of conscience can and do save lives , and heroism can win a war or a battle , he [notes] .

The Globe acknowledges this incident but attributes Hillary 's behavior to the heretofore unknown baba ghanouj syndrome .
the globe [notes] this incident but attributes hillary 's behavior to the heretofore unknown baba ghanouj syndrome .

In her review , Maslin acknowledges the mania surrounding The Truman Show ( in the first paragraph , no less ) and concludes that , while it is a good film , it has been lauded excessively by critics .
in her review , maslin [notes] the mania surrounding the truman show ( in the first paragraph , no less ) and concludes that , while it is a good film , it has been lauded excessively by critics .

Shatz reports that `` Finkelstein acknowledges the Nazi state was a brutal dictatorship , but he glosses over its disturbingly popular character . ''
shatz reports that `` finkelstein [notes] the nazi state was a brutal dictatorship , but he glosses over its disturbingly popular character . ''

( as Moynihan acknowledges ) many welfare mothers are so crippled by their own early childhood environments as to be essentially unemployable , no matter how well-financed and well-run the jobs programs and related counseling , training , and child-care programs .
( as moynihan [notes] ) many welfare mothers are so crippled by their own early childhood environments as to be essentially unemployable , no matter how well-financed and well-run the jobs programs and related counseling , training , and child-care programs .

While Mackay acknowledges similarities between his books and those from which he is accused of copying , he denies wrongdoing , pointing out that `` there are only a certain number of words in the English language . ''
while mackay [notes] similarities between his books and those from which he is accused of copying , he denies wrongdoing , pointing out that `` there are only a certain number of words in the english language . ''

Henry Kissinger , no fan of Ronald Reagan , acknowledges in his book Diplomacy that Reagan 's role in bringing about the end of the Soviet empire represents `` the greatest diplomatic feat in the second half of the twentieth century . ''
henry kissinger , no fan of ronald reagan , [notes] in his book diplomacy that reagan 's role in bringing about the end of the soviet empire represents `` the greatest diplomatic feat in the second half of the twentieth century . ''

Hatch acknowledges that he has a rough row to hoe .
hatch [notes] that he has a rough row to hoe .

Chatterbox gratefully acknowledges technical assistance for this item from Rosina B. Williams , age 11 , of Jersey City , N.J .
chatterbox gratefully [notes] technical assistance for this item from rosina b. williams , age 11 , of jersey city , n.j .

Feingold wants to `` reform , '' not eliminate , the Milk Marketing Order system , though he acknowledges that it constitutes a `` cartel '' designed to keep dairy prices high .
feingold wants to `` reform , '' not eliminate , the milk marketing order system , though he [notes] that it constitutes a `` cartel '' designed to keep dairy prices high .

It astonishes me that Ann Douglas , in `` Psycho Dramas , '' her review of the Sam Tanenhaus biography of Whittaker Chambers , acknowledges that Chambers was right about everything , but still maintains the old liberal condescension for this perennially maligned figure .
it astonishes me that ann douglas , in `` psycho dramas , '' her review of the sam tanenhaus biography of whittaker chambers , [notes] that chambers was right about everything , but still maintains the old liberal condescension for this perennially maligned figure .

Each of the Republican ads acknowledges and answers the public 's desire to see other issues discussed .
each of the republican ads [notes] and answers the public 's desire to see other issues discussed .

It acknowledges that , as has been widely reported , Glass invented characters , organizations , and events in the recent article `` Hack Heaven '' and other pieces .
it [notes] that , as has been widely reported , glass invented characters , organizations , and events in the recent article `` hack heaven '' and other pieces .

A piece acknowledges that the Bush administration also allowed technology transfers to Beijing but says that the Republicans monitored such transfers much better than the Democrats have .
a piece [notes] that the bush administration also allowed technology transfers to beijing but says that the republicans monitored such transfers much better than the democrats have .

A cover story by longtime affirmative action opponent Nathan Glazer acknowledges that racial preferences may be necessary .
a cover story by longtime affirmative action opponent nathan glazer [notes] that racial preferences may be necessary .

On the same program , former Celtic Bob Cousy acknowledges that `` old jocks do n't know a lot about the Balkans and the Middle East solutions or campaign finance reform . ''
on the same program , former celtic bob cousy [notes] that `` old jocks do n't know a lot about the balkans and the middle east solutions or campaign finance reform . ''

She Said Yes acknowledges this in a backhanded way , with the caveat that `` the exact details of Cassie 's death ... may never be known . ''
she said yes [notes] this in a backhanded way , with the caveat that `` the exact details of cassie 's death ... may never be known . ''

The true relevance of lateralization of function will be ascertained only by careful research that acknowledges that aspects of this function develop throughout the life span , beginning at birth , if not before .
the true relevance of lateralization of function will be ascertained only by careful research that [notes] that aspects of this function develop throughout the life span , beginning at birth , if not before .

The imagination has political responsibilities , goes the lecture , and Keats acknowledges this in those poems that most seek to escape into the imagination .
the imagination has political responsibilities , goes the lecture , and keats [notes] this in those poems that most seek to escape into the imagination .

Keats ' pastoral idealism secretly acknowledges that no such ideal exists .
keats ' pastoral idealism secretly [notes] that no such ideal exists .

Even Thornburgh acknowledges that Starr is `` overmatched '' in his duel .
even thornburgh [notes] that starr is `` overmatched '' in his duel .

He acknowledges `` where the sensitivity comes from , '' though he shows no understanding of the role the myth of the Antichrist played in the history of anti-Semitism , and he refuses to back away from his opinion that somewhere in Great Neck or West L.A. or Shaker Heights is living Satan 's agent .
he [notes] `` where the sensitivity comes from , '' though he shows no understanding of the role the myth of the antichrist played in the history of anti-semitism , and he refuses to back away from his opinion that somewhere in great neck or west l.a. or shaker heights is living satan 's agent .

Premiere 's editor , James Meigs , acknowledges receiving a lawyer-letter , and says , `` We stand by our story . ''
premiere 's editor , james meigs , [notes] receiving a lawyer-letter , and says , `` we stand by our story . ''

The brief essay on Kathleen Conwell -- also known as Kathleen Collins -- acknowledges a filmmaker who deserves wider recognition .
the brief essay on kathleen conwell -- also known as kathleen collins -- [notes] a filmmaker who deserves wider recognition .

Walsh 's first mistake , which he acknowledges , was not pitching a fit to try to prevent Congress from granting immunity to the chief protagonists .
walsh 's first mistake , which he [notes] , was not pitching a fit to try to prevent congress from granting immunity to the chief protagonists .

Berman sadly acknowledges it .
berman sadly [notes] it .

He now acknowledges that power has shifted to the global market and its private players , who , like George Soros , possess the power to overturn government currency decisions .
he now [notes] that power has shifted to the global market and its private players , who , like george soros , possess the power to overturn government currency decisions .

Miss Manners , when it comes right down to it , acknowledges that most citizens are n't at sea about standards of politeness at all , heterogeneous though our nation 's standards may be .
miss manners , when it comes right down to it , [notes] that most citizens are n't at sea about standards of politeness at all , heterogeneous though our nation 's standards may be .

His friendships with the likes of writer and critic Georges Bataille , philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty , anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss , and linguist Roman Jakobson were formative in ways that he either fails to note or misleadingly acknowledges .
his friendships with the likes of writer and critic georges bataille , philosopher maurice merleau-ponty , anthropologist claude lévi-strauss , and linguist roman jakobson were formative in ways that he either fails to note or misleadingly [notes] .

Each year , she sends a photograph of Jane to Owens , who never acknowledges it .
each year , she sends a photograph of jane to owens , who never [notes] it .

Van Gogh calls for a different treatment , it seems to me , one that places him more firmly in his time and place and acknowledges his spirited engagement with literature and popular culture .
van gogh calls for a different treatment , it seems to me , one that places him more firmly in his time and place and [notes] his spirited engagement with literature and popular culture .

Major League spokesman Patrick Courtney acknowledges that there have been questions about the MCI program , and says that the measurement issue will be discussed at league PR meetings next month `` so everyone will be on the same page for next year . ''
major league spokesman patrick courtney [notes] that there have been questions about the mci program , and says that the measurement issue will be discussed at league pr meetings next month `` so everyone will be on the same page for next year . ''

The anomaly , as the Times story sort of acknowledges , was the downturn year of 1995 , when Lands ' End overordered and was left holding the excess inventory .
the anomaly , as the times story sort of [notes] , was the downturn year of 1995 , when lands ' end overordered and was left holding the excess inventory .

The Journal acknowledges these risks but argues that day trading makes financial markets more efficient and provides greater odds than ( other ) legalized forms of gambling , such as lotto and blackjack .
the journal [notes] these risks but argues that day trading makes financial markets more efficient and provides greater odds than ( other ) legalized forms of gambling , such as lotto and blackjack .

The Globe reports that Monica acknowledges she 's a sex addict and as a first step to get control of her compulsion `` has thrown away all her sexy , seductive lingerie . ''
the globe reports that monica [notes] she 's a sex addict and as a first step to get control of her compulsion `` has thrown away all her sexy , seductive lingerie . ''

The piece acknowledges that this will be difficult `` from the air alone '' but does n't directly recommend ground troops .
the piece [notes] that this will be difficult `` from the air alone '' but does n't directly recommend ground troops .

As Morris himself acknowledges , `` It 's easier to change someone 's mind in Ohio . ''
as morris himself [notes] , `` it 's easier to change someone 's mind in ohio . ''

The president acknowledges that a wide variety of meteorological conditions , including precipitation , are common this time of year .
the president [notes] that a wide variety of meteorological conditions , including precipitation , are common this time of year .

Hersh acknowledges that Spalding , 79 , suffers from short-term memory impairment , and that he could n't find family members or friends to confirm the story , which Malcolm indirectly denies .
hersh [notes] that spalding , 79 , suffers from short-term memory impairment , and that he could n't find family members or friends to confirm the story , which malcolm indirectly denies .

Finkelstein acknowledges the Nazi state was a brutal dictatorship , but he glosses over its disturbingly popular character .
finkelstein [notes] the nazi state was a brutal dictatorship , but he glosses over its disturbingly popular character .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the report that at the hearings , `` the Democratic Party 's former finance director [ Richard Sullivan ] testifies that top Clinton aides helped install the central figure in the controversy , John Huang , as a top party fundraiser ; Clinton , attending a NATO summit in Madrid , Spain , acknowledges that he may have helped play a role in Huang 's hiring . ''
the los angeles times leads with the report that at the hearings , `` the democratic party 's former finance director [ richard sullivan ] testifies that top clinton aides helped install the central figure in the controversy , john huang , as a top party fundraiser ; clinton , attending a nato summit in madrid , spain , [notes] that he may have helped play a role in huang 's hiring . ''

Chatterbox acknowledges and regrets this error . )
chatterbox [notes] and regrets this error . )

One notable exception is Nina Shea of the Puebla Institute , whose wider experience may explain why her recent article in Crisis magazine at least acknowledges that many `` friends in Taiwan and Hong Kong and many Chinese dissident intellectuals argue against '' tying Chinese trade to human rights .
one notable exception is nina shea of the puebla institute , whose wider experience may explain why her recent article in crisis magazine at least [notes] that many `` friends in taiwan and hong kong and many chinese dissident intellectuals argue against '' tying chinese trade to human rights .

Still , his report raises potent questions about the Torah codes methodology , questions even Rips acknowledges to be `` serious . ''
still , his report raises potent questions about the torah codes methodology , questions even rips [notes] to be `` serious . ''

Broomfield 's freak show includes a sadist-turned-rocker with the eyes of Charlie Manson who all but acknowledges he 'll say anything for a beer .
broomfield 's freak show includes a sadist-turned-rocker with the eyes of charlie manson who all but [notes] he 'll say anything for a beer .

Smith acknowledges her `` misdeeds '' in her farewell column today .
smith [notes] her `` misdeeds '' in her farewell column today .

Jokes involve the use of language most of the time , though the author acknowledges the existence of visual jokes , too .
jokes involve the use of language most of the time , though the author [notes] the existence of visual jokes , too .

As the author acknowledges , “ This is not meant to be a definitive lexicon of Australian-English , ” a true enough statement even without the extraneous hyphen .
as the author [notes] , “ this is not meant to be a definitive lexicon of australian-english , ” a true enough statement even without the extraneous hyphen .

When the rope goes taut , the second answers “ That 's me ” ; the leader will then belay and instruct the second “ Climb when you 're ready ” ; the second says “ Climbing , ” and the leader acknowledges , “ Aye , aye . ”
when the rope goes taut , the second answers “ that 's me ” ; the leader will then belay and instruct the second “ climb when you 're ready ” ; the second says “ climbing , ” and the leader [notes] , “ aye , aye . ”

The misinformation begins in the introduction [ v ] , where the author acknowledges among his sources Mitford M. Mathews ' The American Dialect Dictionary and A Dictionary of Americanisms .
the misinformation begins in the introduction [ v ] , where the author [notes] among his sources mitford m. mathews ' the american dialect dictionary and a dictionary of americanisms .

A stimulating and entertaining collection , The Feminist Critique of Language acknowledges and reflects the range of the debates about women and language , not only today but since the 1920s .
a stimulating and entertaining collection , the feminist critique of language [notes] and reflects the range of the debates about women and language , not only today but since the 1920s .

My own etymology , which seems painfully obvious , is revealed if one acknowledges that the proper spelling is flak , which at once clarifies the etymological origin : flak .
my own etymology , which seems painfully obvious , is revealed if one [notes] that the proper spelling is flak , which at once clarifies the etymological origin : flak .

