This anomalous status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students .
this [unusual] status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students .

Produce de-seasonalized figures and comment on the overall trend and any anomalous quarterly values .
produce de-seasonalized figures and comment on the overall trend and any [unusual] quarterly values .

Anomalous tone-units
[unusual] tone-units

To return to the analogy with grammar , one often finds in natural speech , sentences which are grammatically anomalous or incomplete , but this does not deter the grammarian from describing ‘ normal ’ sentence structure .
to return to the analogy with grammar , one often finds in natural speech , sentences which are grammatically [unusual] or incomplete , but this does not deter the grammarian from describing ‘ normal ’ sentence structure .

This would force them to testify , but would make this area of the law anomalous .
this would force them to testify , but would make this area of the law [unusual] .

Now water is a most anomalous liquid with many strange and unexpected characteristics .
now water is a most [unusual] liquid with many strange and unexpected characteristics .

These anomalous properties of water may turn out to be of considerable importance in the preparation of homoeopathic remedies .
these [unusual] properties of water may turn out to be of considerable importance in the preparation of homoeopathic remedies .

In the past half century or so it has been discovered that water is a very strange substance indeed , exhibiting many anomalous and unexpected characteristics , some of which have already been mentioned in Chapter 7 .
in the past half century or so it has been discovered that water is a very strange substance indeed , exhibiting many [unusual] and unexpected characteristics , some of which have already been mentioned in chapter 7 .

It is against this background of a highly anomalous solvent possessing some kind of possible patterning effect that we must consider the homoeopathic potencies .
it is against this background of a highly [unusual] solvent possessing some kind of possible patterning effect that we must consider the homoeopathic potencies .

Happily attempts are being made to change the colts qualifying date to September 1st from 1993 onwards rather than the anomalous January 1st which has for years disrupted team building by splitting units established over the years on the September date .
happily attempts are being made to change the colts qualifying date to september 1st from 1993 onwards rather than the [unusual] january 1st which has for years disrupted team building by splitting units established over the years on the september date .

They include the association of particulate gold with pathfinder elements in Upper Dalradian metasediments in a zone between Aberfeldy and Comrie , anomalous arsenic and antimony that could indicate the presence of polymetallic sulphide and gold mineralisation in Argyll Group metasediments intruded by Devonian diorites in Glen Clova , and a gold arsenic association in altered metasediments at the margin of the Strichen granite .
they include the association of particulate gold with pathfinder elements in upper dalradian metasediments in a zone between aberfeldy and comrie , [unusual] arsenic and antimony that could indicate the presence of polymetallic sulphide and gold mineralisation in argyll group metasediments intruded by devonian diorites in glen clova , and a gold arsenic association in altered metasediments at the margin of the strichen granite .

Other new targets are indicated by anomalous levels of molybdenum , lead , arsenic and uranium near the margins of the Monadhliath and Ardclach granites .
other new targets are indicated by [unusual] levels of molybdenum , lead , arsenic and uranium near the margins of the monadhliath and ardclach granites .

In the case of a claim for bereavement in the Zeebrugge ferry disaster , Pannone and Napier explain that anomalous situations arise from the Administration of Justice Act 1982 , for example :
in the case of a claim for bereavement in the zeebrugge ferry disaster , pannone and napier explain that [unusual] situations arise from the administration of justice act 1982 , for example :

Neither in distribution of wealth nor in social structure was Rutland in any way anomalous .
neither in distribution of wealth nor in social structure was rutland in any way [unusual] .

To this end , Darwin adduces , most especially , those phenomena that would be anomalous for any exclusive correlation of maturation , fertilization and impressionability with sexual rather than asexual modes of generation .
to this end , darwin adduces , most especially , those phenomena that would be [unusual] for any exclusive correlation of maturation , fertilization and impressionability with sexual rather than asexual modes of generation .

The marker can then have another look at any apparently anomalous cases .
the marker can then have another look at any apparently [unusual] cases .

This differentiation of competence and performance is necessary , since ordinary speech is frequently ungrammatical , while adults and children are well able to demonstrate knowledge of linguistic rules by distinguishing between grammatical , anomalous and ungrammatical word strings ( Chapter 7 ) .
this differentiation of competence and performance is necessary , since ordinary speech is frequently ungrammatical , while adults and children are well able to demonstrate knowledge of linguistic rules by distinguishing between grammatical , [unusual] and ungrammatical word strings ( chapter 7 ) .

Then in 1978 he saw a paper by three Soviet scientists which reported that there were anomalous amounts of helium-3 in some metals ; the Soviets suggested that it was being produced by fusion — fusion induced by cosmic rays .
then in 1978 he saw a paper by three soviet scientists which reported that there were [unusual] amounts of helium-3 in some metals ; the soviets suggested that it was being produced by fusion — fusion induced by cosmic rays .

Palmer had become interested in the anomalous presence of helium-3 in water near thermal vents where superheated water gushes up from the Earth 's mantle into the ocean depths .
palmer had become interested in the [unusual] presence of helium-3 in water near thermal vents where superheated water gushes up from the earth 's mantle into the ocean depths .

Others did worry , though , and agreed with Leverrier that there must be a planet even closer to the Sun than Mercury ; the gravitational tug of this hypothetical planet — which Leverrier christened Vulcan — could cause the anomalous advance of Mercury 's perihelion .
others did worry , though , and agreed with leverrier that there must be a planet even closer to the sun than mercury ; the gravitational tug of this hypothetical planet — which leverrier christened vulcan — could cause the [unusual] advance of mercury 's perihelion .

Astronomers have recently become very interested in an ‘ anomalous object ’ at the heart of our own Galaxy .
astronomers have recently become very interested in an ‘ [unusual] object ’ at the heart of our own galaxy .

Assuming , that is , that its orbit is not anomalous : one intriguing notion has been that the tenth planet does not orbit the Sun in the same plane as all the others ; instead it goes ‘ up and over ’ .
assuming , that is , that its orbit is not [unusual] : one intriguing notion has been that the tenth planet does not orbit the sun in the same plane as all the others ; instead it goes ‘ up and over ’ .

This idea is not very palatable : why should the Sun be anomalous just at the time that we start to search for neutrinos ?
this idea is not very palatable : why should the sun be [unusual] just at the time that we start to search for neutrinos ?

We presume that the behaviour depends on subcortical pathways involving the superior colliculus , although given the early abnormalities of these brains , anomalous projections to the hemisphere ipsilateral to the stimulus can not be excluded .
we presume that the behaviour depends on subcortical pathways involving the superior colliculus , although given the early abnormalities of these brains , [unusual] projections to the hemisphere ipsilateral to the stimulus can not be excluded .

It is clear , however , that some conducting mineral is responsible for the anomalous electrical behaviour .
it is clear , however , that some conducting mineral is responsible for the [unusual] electrical behaviour .

In this method , the phase difference between the phases from the normal and anomalous scattering in the structure is estimated by measuring Bijvoet pairs for a reflection at two or more wavelengths .
in this method , the phase difference between the phases from the normal and [unusual] scattering in the structure is estimated by measuring bijvoet pairs for a reflection at two or more wavelengths .

But the situation of working people in political systems where unionization is underdeveloped and is not coupled with even a social democratic form of political mobilization is anomalous for most Marxists .
but the situation of working people in political systems where unionization is underdeveloped and is not coupled with even a social democratic form of political mobilization is [unusual] for most marxists .

Consequently what does not fit neatly into existing experience is anomalous and apt to seem mystically dangerous .
consequently what does not fit neatly into existing experience is [unusual] and apt to seem mystically dangerous .

Hence in company with other anomalous creatures of the forest it is dangerous to women .
hence in company with other [unusual] creatures of the forest it is dangerous to women .

Although not the only source of mystical power , anomalous phenomena are often given special treatment if they are difficult to classify .
although not the only source of mystical power , [unusual] phenomena are often given special treatment if they are difficult to classify .

In interpreting ideas and behaviour in societies which others might characterize as ‘ peaceful ’ , we suggest abandoning the focus on the lack of something called ‘ aggression ’ ( or violence ) and the construction of theories that attempt to account for this ‘ anomalous ’ absence .
in interpreting ideas and behaviour in societies which others might characterize as ‘ peaceful ’ , we suggest abandoning the focus on the lack of something called ‘ aggression ’ ( or violence ) and the construction of theories that attempt to account for this ‘ [unusual] ’ absence .

The advantage of this rather simple procedure is that in a batch of ( let us say ) a thousand tokens the anomalous patterning of particular lexical items becomes evident .
the advantage of this rather simple procedure is that in a batch of ( let us say ) a thousand tokens the [unusual] patterning of particular lexical items becomes evident .

However , all are quite anomalous even in educated varieties of Irish English , and would be ‘ translated ’ as shown below :
however , all are quite [unusual] even in educated varieties of irish english , and would be ‘ translated ’ as shown below :

Once it is accepted that management involves technical expertise , the court could , without departing from the existing but anomalous principle that the standard of care is linked to the attributes of the director , impose an appropriately higher standard , given that most executive directors of large companies do have considerable business experience .
once it is accepted that management involves technical expertise , the court could , without departing from the existing but [unusual] principle that the standard of care is linked to the attributes of the director , impose an appropriately higher standard , given that most executive directors of large companies do have considerable business experience .

The fundamental opposition which may erupt between economy and society was noted by Simmel , who observed that the merchant is identified with the relative autonomy and abstraction of flexible exchange and is therefore often , as ‘ stranger ’ , held in an ambiguous and partially anomalous relation to the host society ( e.g .
the fundamental opposition which may erupt between economy and society was noted by simmel , who observed that the merchant is identified with the relative autonomy and abstraction of flexible exchange and is therefore often , as ‘ stranger ’ , held in an ambiguous and partially [unusual] relation to the host society ( e.g .

We are now in a position to re-formulate our criteria for deciding whether an anomalous sentence is semantically or grammatically deviant :
we are now in a position to re-formulate our criteria for deciding whether an [unusual] sentence is semantically or grammatically deviant :

In 3 , the trait ‘ female ’ is expected , and the trait ‘ male ’ unexpected ; but in 4 , although nurse represents the same lexical unit as in 3 , ‘ female ’ is at the very least canonical ( if not criterial ) , while ‘ male ’ is demoted to anomalous or impossible status.6 As a further example , consider 5 :
in 3 , the trait ‘ female ’ is expected , and the trait ‘ male ’ unexpected ; but in 4 , although nurse represents the same lexical unit as in 3 , ‘ female ’ is at the very least canonical ( if not criterial ) , while ‘ male ’ is demoted to [unusual] or impossible status.6 as a further example , consider 5 :

( We shall consider below why 24 should be anomalous . )
( we shall consider below why 24 should be [unusual] . )

Sentence 55 , on the other hand , is uninterpretable : since the ‘ text ’ reading has been excluded , it appears that there is no other possible reading , so the sentence is anomalous .
sentence 55 , on the other hand , is uninterpretable : since the ‘ text ’ reading has been excluded , it appears that there is no other possible reading , so the sentence is [unusual] .

The legal status of agency workers is at first sight rather anomalous .
the legal status of agency workers is at first sight rather [unusual] .

Mr. Burke urged that the position of a visitor would be anomalous if he were immune from review on the grounds of error of law .
mr. burke urged that the position of a visitor would be [unusual] if he were immune from review on the grounds of error of law .

But when anomalous cards were introduced , such as a red Ace of Spades , then , at first , nearly all subjects initially identified such cards incorrectly as some normal card .
but when [unusual] cards were introduced , such as a red ace of spades , then , at first , nearly all subjects initially identified such cards incorrectly as some normal card .

When , after a period of confusion , subjects began to realize , or were told , that there were anomalous cards among the pack ; they then had no trouble correctly identifying all the cards shown to them , anomalous or otherwise .
when , after a period of confusion , subjects began to realize , or were told , that there were [unusual] cards among the pack ; they then had no trouble correctly identifying all the cards shown to them , [unusual] or otherwise .

One therefore reaches the anomalous situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of subsequent decisions .
one therefore reaches the [unusual] situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of subsequent decisions .

The focus upon identifiable victims in the United States of America legislation has the potential for producing anomalous results .
the focus upon identifiable victims in the united states of america legislation has the potential for producing [unusual] results .

‘ … to regard negligence as the normal requirement of responsibility in tort , and to look upon strict liability as anomalous and unjust seems to … mistake present values as well as past history .
‘ … to regard negligence as the normal requirement of responsibility in tort , and to look upon strict liability as [unusual] and unjust seems to … mistake present values as well as past history .

Conspiracy , it has been said , is a highly anomalous tort , though it has attracted more controversy among academic writers than success in practical application .
conspiracy , it has been said , is a highly [unusual] tort , though it has attracted more controversy among academic writers than success in practical application .

The result of this anomalous position has been that the majority of the disabled have had to suffer great financial hardship .
the result of this [unusual] position has been that the majority of the disabled have had to suffer great financial hardship .

In the past , major criticisms of local government were directed towards : its financial weakness ; the relatively poor calibre of staff for the demanding professional work of modem services ; public apathy and lack of interest ; the inexcusable variations in local standards of basic provision ; and the anomalous division of the country into authorities based on old historical boundaries rather than demographic and economic realities which resulted in a population range of from fewer than 50,000 to over 1 million .
in the past , major criticisms of local government were directed towards : its financial weakness ; the relatively poor calibre of staff for the demanding professional work of modem services ; public apathy and lack of interest ; the inexcusable variations in local standards of basic provision ; and the [unusual] division of the country into authorities based on old historical boundaries rather than demographic and economic realities which resulted in a population range of from fewer than 50,000 to over 1 million .

Both sets of rules for the domestic knockout competitions include the same addendum , which is anomalous on two counts .
both sets of rules for the domestic knockout competitions include the same addendum , which is [unusual] on two counts .

It would be surprising , Mr. Beloff submitted , if Parliament had given the Bank of England the right to issue notices calling for the immediate production of documents which ipso facto overrode court orders , and constitutionally anomalous to allow an executive order to override a judicial order , since it would deny the court an opportunity to balance competing interests ; the court should be slow to conclude that it was excluded from this arena .
it would be surprising , mr. beloff submitted , if parliament had given the bank of england the right to issue notices calling for the immediate production of documents which ipso facto overrode court orders , and constitutionally [unusual] to allow an executive order to override a judicial order , since it would deny the court an opportunity to balance competing interests ; the court should be slow to conclude that it was excluded from this arena .

‘ One therefore reaches the anomalous situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of subsequent decisions .
‘ one therefore reaches the [unusual] situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of subsequent decisions .

The plaintiffs submit that if maladministration includes the provision by an employee of a negligent valuation , then the result would be anomalous because , as is common ground , the provision of such a report by an independent surveyor could not be maladministration .
the plaintiffs submit that if maladministration includes the provision by an employee of a negligent valuation , then the result would be [unusual] because , as is common ground , the provision of such a report by an independent surveyor could not be maladministration .

It is true that this conclusion may appear anomalous in that the right conferred on a borrowing member by section 83 ( 1 ) is confined to cases where the basic valuation is produced by an employee of the society .
it is true that this conclusion may appear [unusual] in that the right conferred on a borrowing member by section 83 ( 1 ) is confined to cases where the basic valuation is produced by an employee of the society .

No such principle applies in civil law countries , and its adoption by the common law has been criticised by comparative lawyers as unnecessary and anomalous .
no such principle applies in civil law countries , and its adoption by the common law has been criticised by comparative lawyers as unnecessary and [unusual] .

There would , therefore , be the anomalous situation that half of the Scottish Bus Group would be subject to a statutory form of supervision which did not apply to the other half and that would be unsatisfactory .
there would , therefore , be the [unusual] situation that half of the scottish bus group would be subject to a statutory form of supervision which did not apply to the other half and that would be unsatisfactory .

She became worried about the appearance of the place , about her cooking , and about her anomalous position in the household .
she became worried about the appearance of the place , about her cooking , and about her [unusual] position in the household .

Slow clockwise circulation of the ice mass in the Arctic basin , coupled with local winds and both horizontal and vertical ( upwelling ) currents , cause the formation of wide cracks and polynyas ( anomalous patches of open water ) .
slow clockwise circulation of the ice mass in the arctic basin , coupled with local winds and both horizontal and vertical ( upwelling ) currents , cause the formation of wide cracks and polynyas ( [unusual] patches of open water ) .

The fact that seeds could be carried for hundreds of miles by strong winds allowed the supporters of dispersal to explain any case of anomalous distribution by invoking such an accidental circumstance .
the fact that seeds could be carried for hundreds of miles by strong winds allowed the supporters of dispersal to explain any case of [unusual] distribution by invoking such an accidental circumstance .

Preston 's fame rests on his discovery of the Anomalous Zeeman Effect , which he first reported in a paper presented to the Royal Dublin Society in December 1897 .
preston 's fame rests on his discovery of the [unusual] zeeman effect , which he first reported in a paper presented to the royal dublin society in december 1897 .

The Zeeman Effect was Anomalous whenever it departed from the form predicted by classical theory .
the zeeman effect was [unusual] whenever it departed from the form predicted by classical theory .

In their anomalous behaviour electric arcs seemed to defy Ohm 's Law and she discovered the cause of this .
in their [unusual] behaviour electric arcs seemed to defy ohm 's law and she discovered the cause of this .

If the shares are those if a listed company this anomalous position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any restrictions on transferability and the personal representative will either obtain registration of himself or execute a transfer to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .
if the shares are those if a listed company this [unusual] position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any restrictions on transferability and the personal representative will either obtain registration of himself or execute a transfer to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .

Since an administrator and liquidator ( particularly the latter ) are more or less statutory trustees for unsecured creditors , it could be argued that there is nothing anomalous about this .
since an administrator and liquidator ( particularly the latter ) are more or less statutory trustees for unsecured creditors , it could be argued that there is nothing [unusual] about this .

Some support for this interpretation may be found in the fact that section 5 affords a speaker or actor the specific defence that he was unaware and had no reason to suspect that his conduct may have been witnessed , and it would be anomalous if there were no similar defence for the more serious offence .
some support for this interpretation may be found in the fact that section 5 affords a speaker or actor the specific defence that he was unaware and had no reason to suspect that his conduct may have been witnessed , and it would be [unusual] if there were no similar defence for the more serious offence .

In a third condition , the target word was semantically anomalous with respect to the context .
in a third condition , the target word was semantically [unusual] with respect to the context .

For example , with the context She cleaned the dirt from her , the targets were shoes ( in the highly predictable condition ) , hands ( in the unlikely condition ) and terms ( in the anomalous condition ) .
for example , with the context she cleaned the dirt from her , the targets were shoes ( in the highly predictable condition ) , hands ( in the unlikely condition ) and terms ( in the [unusual] condition ) .

Results showed that the relationship between the target and context had a strong effect on performance ; words which were highly predictable were responded to more quickly than words which were unlikely , while anomalous words produced the slowest response times of all .
results showed that the relationship between the target and context had a strong effect on performance ; words which were highly predictable were responded to more quickly than words which were unlikely , while [unusual] words produced the slowest response times of all .

These results could have occurred either through facilitation of responses following a predictable context , or through inhibition of anomalous responses .
these results could have occurred either through facilitation of responses following a predictable context , or through inhibition of [unusual] responses .

Close inspection of the data showed that the context effects were due to inhibition : when preceded by an anomalous context , words took an average of 110 milliseconds longer to identify than when preceded by a row of Xs .
close inspection of the data showed that the context effects were due to inhibition : when preceded by an [unusual] context , words took an average of 110 milliseconds longer to identify than when preceded by a row of xs .

Furthermore , the anomalous condition produced the greatest number of incorrect lexical decisions ( i.e .
furthermore , the [unusual] condition produced the greatest number of incorrect lexical decisions ( i.e .

We also saw that context can have an effect on the speed of visual word recognition , although experiments by Fischler and Bloom ( 1979 ; 1980 ) suggest that the effect is inhibitory rather than facilitatory , with a word taking longer to identify when preceded by a context which makes it semantically anomalous .
we also saw that context can have an effect on the speed of visual word recognition , although experiments by fischler and bloom ( 1979 ; 1980 ) suggest that the effect is inhibitory rather than facilitatory , with a word taking longer to identify when preceded by a context which makes it semantically [unusual] .

The British House of Lords is anomalous in that part of its membership is by government appointment and part hereditary .
the british house of lords is [unusual] in that part of its membership is by government appointment and part hereditary .

( a ) What the records contain British Coal 's records show land where underground or opencast workings are ( or are contemplated ) except for the anomalous Forest of Dean Coalfield , Gloucestershire and area , where ancient private rights of mining are not recorded by British Coal .
( a ) what the records contain british coal 's records show land where underground or opencast workings are ( or are contemplated ) except for the [unusual] forest of dean coalfield , gloucestershire and area , where ancient private rights of mining are not recorded by british coal .

At first this seems anomalous .
at first this seems [unusual] .

Geophysical surveys during the late 1950s involving the measurement of the magnetic characteristics of the crust of the ocean floor indicated the presence of anomalous linear patterns ( Fig .
geophysical surveys during the late 1950s involving the measurement of the magnetic characteristics of the crust of the ocean floor indicated the presence of [unusual] linear patterns ( fig .

These anomalous crustal fragments have been given various names-suspect terrane , allochthonous terrane-but we will use the term displaced terrane ( Note that in this book the spelling ‘ terrane ’ is used to refer to structural units whereas ‘ terrain ' is applied in a topographic sense . )
these [unusual] crustal fragments have been given various names-suspect terrane , allochthonous terrane-but we will use the term displaced terrane ( note that in this book the spelling ‘ terrane ’ is used to refer to structural units whereas ‘ terrain ' is applied in a topographic sense . )

Many of these plateaus have anomalous crustal thicknesses of between 20 and 40 km and an upper layer 10 to 15 km thick with P-wave velocities in the range 6.0–6.3 km s-h These values are in the range of granitic rocks in the continental crust and so it is inferred that many oceanic plateaus ( such as the Seychelles Bank ) are drowned continental fragments originating from the edges of ancient land masses and destined to be swept towards a subduction zone in the future .
many of these plateaus have [unusual] crustal thicknesses of between 20 and 40 km and an upper layer 10 to 15 km thick with p-wave velocities in the range 6.0–6.3 km s-h these values are in the range of granitic rocks in the continental crust and so it is inferred that many oceanic plateaus ( such as the seychelles bank ) are drowned continental fragments originating from the edges of ancient land masses and destined to be swept towards a subduction zone in the future .

Along mid-oceanic ridges and subduction zones it is often a problem distinguishing between ‘ normal ’ and anomalous volcanism .
along mid-oceanic ridges and subduction zones it is often a problem distinguishing between ‘ normal ’ and [unusual] volcanism .

Sex , from being a good , companionable , shame-free relationship , becomes secretive , lustful , anomalous .
sex , from being a good , companionable , shame-free relationship , becomes secretive , lustful , [unusual] .

Once again , tolerance decreased and hostility increased quite markedly with age ; and ( with the exception of `` the rather anomalous group who call themselves upper working class `` ) the same was true going down in social class scales .
once again , tolerance decreased and hostility increased quite markedly with age ; and ( with the exception of `` the rather [unusual] group who call themselves upper working class `` ) the same was true going down in social class scales .

Claudius made two other arrangements which seem at first sight to be highly anomalous .
claudius made two other arrangements which seem at first sight to be highly [unusual] .

The creation of these two kingdoms seems quite anomalous at the earlier conquest phase , as has hitherto been assumed .
the creation of these two kingdoms seems quite [unusual] at the earlier conquest phase , as has hitherto been assumed .

Lumping British art with international modern art under the single roof of the Tate has always been anomalous and is now becoming intolerable .
lumping british art with international modern art under the single roof of the tate has always been [unusual] and is now becoming intolerable .

However , to interchange them ( ’ powerful tea ’ & ’ strong car ’ ) would undoubtedly be judged anomalous by most English speakers .
however , to interchange them ( ’ powerful tea ’ & ’ strong car ’ ) would undoubtedly be judged [unusual] by most english speakers .

But while a majority of informed public opinion , the target of persistent lobbying over so long a period , moved decisively towards outright abolition , fortified by the anomalous decisions resulting from the 1957 Homicide Act , the views of the general public continued to be hostile and mostly out of sympathy with the prevailing climate at Westminster and Whitehall .
but while a majority of informed public opinion , the target of persistent lobbying over so long a period , moved decisively towards outright abolition , fortified by the [unusual] decisions resulting from the 1957 homicide act , the views of the general public continued to be hostile and mostly out of sympathy with the prevailing climate at westminster and whitehall .

Indeed , towns were as anomalous as the independent lordships the count of Champagne was bent on integrating into his castellan network .
indeed , towns were as [unusual] as the independent lordships the count of champagne was bent on integrating into his castellan network .

There are some words which are simply anomalous , like women , or once or gaol ( which is , anyway , being pushed out by the more reasonable jail ) .
there are some words which are simply [unusual] , like women , or once or gaol ( which is , anyway , being pushed out by the more reasonable jail ) .

Every effort is being made to persuade the Government to alter the present anomalous regulations and , in company with other charities , the Institution still fears that it could lose its existing zero-rating status after European harmonisation in 1992 .
every effort is being made to persuade the government to alter the present [unusual] regulations and , in company with other charities , the institution still fears that it could lose its existing zero-rating status after european harmonisation in 1992 .

Discovery can not , save in exceptional and anomalous cases , be ordered against third parties .
discovery can not , save in exceptional and [unusual] cases , be ordered against third parties .

The very existence of Article 23 was regarded as indicating that the Convention was not mandatory , on the rather tortuous argument that if the Convention had been intended to replace the broad discovery powers previously exercised by the United States , acceptance of Article 23 ( which enables other States to refuse to operate the Convention in this area ) ‘ would have been most anomalous ’ .
the very existence of article 23 was regarded as indicating that the convention was not mandatory , on the rather tortuous argument that if the convention had been intended to replace the broad discovery powers previously exercised by the united states , acceptance of article 23 ( which enables other states to refuse to operate the convention in this area ) ‘ would have been most [unusual] ’ .

The reluctance of the judge at first instance to adopt a policy approach at a time when the obvious intention of the Act , not to mention the thrust of securities regulation in general , was to clamp down on market abuse , can only be described as an anomalous , not to mention unwelcome , development .
the reluctance of the judge at first instance to adopt a policy approach at a time when the obvious intention of the act , not to mention the thrust of securities regulation in general , was to clamp down on market abuse , can only be described as an [unusual] , not to mention unwelcome , development .

Social policy planners in particular are perplexed and tie themselves in appalling knots trying to work out equitable ways of dealing with this anomalous creature .
social policy planners in particular are perplexed and tie themselves in appalling knots trying to work out equitable ways of dealing with this [unusual] creature .

Particular care should be given to the shape and nature of any anomalous area .
particular care should be given to the shape and nature of any [unusual] area .

Anomalous levels of tin and tungsten ( up to 1000 ppm ) occur in thin quartz-magnetite veins in North Wales ( Reedman and others , 1985 ) .
[unusual] levels of tin and tungsten ( up to 1000 ppm ) occur in thin quartz-magnetite veins in north wales ( reedman and others , 1985 ) .

In a few individuals , especially young men with exercise-induced cardiac arrest , isolated anomalies of the coronary arteries may be found , most commonly an anomalous origin of the left main coronary artery from the right coronary sinus .
in a few individuals , especially young men with exercise-induced cardiac arrest , isolated anomalies of the coronary arteries may be found , most commonly an [unusual] origin of the left main coronary artery from the right coronary sinus .

Anomalous Values of Relative Molecular Mass
[unusual] values of relative molecular mass

Anomalous values are obtained if the solute associates or dissociates in solution .
[unusual] values are obtained if the solute associates or dissociates in solution .

He found them socially and administratively anomalous , but this was also his opinion of Poles .
he found them socially and administratively [unusual] , but this was also his opinion of poles .

The one anomalous department in Table 16 is Sheffield , where the mean value is negative , i.e .
the one [unusual] department in table 16 is sheffield , where the mean value is negative , i.e .

This phenomenon may also explain some of our anomalous fossil distributions and extinctions .
this phenomenon may also explain some of our [unusual] fossil distributions and extinctions .

The ‘ strange and anomalous nature ’ of the ‘ few extraordinary species ’ he had before him pickled in spirits or dried as skins confounded the imagination even of an ornithologist as instinctive as Gould .
the ‘ strange and [unusual] nature ’ of the ‘ few extraordinary species ’ he had before him pickled in spirits or dried as skins confounded the imagination even of an ornithologist as instinctive as gould .

Does my right hon. Friend remember that when the investment income surcharge was abolished in 1984 , the then Chancellor of the Exchequer described it as an unfair and anomalous tax on savings and on the rewards of personal enterprise ? What would he say today to anyone who was stupid enough to recommit himself to reintroducing it , as Labour has done ?
does my right hon. friend remember that when the investment income surcharge was abolished in 1984 , the then chancellor of the exchequer described it as an unfair and [unusual] tax on savings and on the rewards of personal enterprise ? what would he say today to anyone who was stupid enough to recommit himself to reintroducing it , as labour has done ?

The law relating to markets overt is an anomalous survival of a bygone era .
the law relating to markets overt is an [unusual] survival of a bygone era .

By directing funds from low-interest source to higher-interest outlets , interest arbitrage , like money broking , should help to remove anomalous interest rate differentials .
by directing funds from low-interest source to higher-interest outlets , interest arbitrage , like money broking , should help to remove [unusual] interest rate differentials .

This prediction is indeed borne out ; for instance , both cases of ( 22 ) are anomalous :
this prediction is indeed borne out ; for instance , both cases of ( 22 ) are [unusual] :

The prediction is indeed borne out ; contrast ( 13 ) and ( 14 ) : ( 13 ) a total one the mere one ( 14 ) a rudimentary one the deciduous one Even when we can not tell what sort of being or object is designated by one in examples like ( 14 ) , they will still be grammatically acceptable unlike the anomalous phrases in ( 13 ) .
the prediction is indeed borne out ; contrast ( 13 ) and ( 14 ) : ( 13 ) a total one the mere one ( 14 ) a rudimentary one the deciduous one even when we can not tell what sort of being or object is designated by one in examples like ( 14 ) , they will still be grammatically acceptable unlike the [unusual] phrases in ( 13 ) .

It is at first sight difficult to account for the anomalous position of Birmingham , which has a rather high productivity score , but whose proportion of first papers in the core journal set is low .
it is at first sight difficult to account for the [unusual] position of birmingham , which has a rather high productivity score , but whose proportion of first papers in the core journal set is low .

The one anomalous department in Table 16 is Sheffield , where the mean value is negative , i.e .
the one [unusual] department in table 16 is sheffield , where the mean value is negative , i.e .

Paradigm shifts are not usually detected by citation studies , because of the anomalous publication of ‘ delayed-action ’ papers ( Lindsey ) , ( Garfield 's ‘ sleepers ) .
paradigm shifts are not usually detected by citation studies , because of the [unusual] publication of ‘ delayed-action ’ papers ( lindsey ) , ( garfield 's ‘ sleepers ) .

Let it be agreed that the doctrine is anomalous .
let it be agreed that the doctrine is [unusual] .

Anomalies do not justify anomalous exceptions .
anomalies do not justify [unusual] exceptions .

Work based in England sometimes includes Scotland but because of the different degree structures anomalous conclusions may be reached when comparisons are suggested .
work based in england sometimes includes scotland but because of the different degree structures [unusual] conclusions may be reached when comparisons are suggested .

The central target of the new rationalism , however , was the chorus , which now came to be seen as an anomalous relic of the past .
the central target of the new rationalism , however , was the chorus , which now came to be seen as an [unusual] relic of the past .

If ultrasonic methods were used , for example , anomalous effects would be observed when the wavelength was of the order of the phase dimensions .
if ultrasonic methods were used , for example , [unusual] effects would be observed when the wavelength was of the order of the phase dimensions .

We do not , at present , have an adequate explanation for the apparently anomalous effect of phosphate on the fatty acid concentration in faecal water in rats fed the low calcium diet , and this requires further investigation .
we do not , at present , have an adequate explanation for the apparently [unusual] effect of phosphate on the fatty acid concentration in faecal water in rats fed the low calcium diet , and this requires further investigation .

But in a community whose contours were defined by religion more than by Roman law , they were an anomalous , marginal group , who could not , by definition , form part of the ‘ Christian people ’ .
but in a community whose contours were defined by religion more than by roman law , they were an [unusual] , marginal group , who could not , by definition , form part of the ‘ christian people ’ .

In this decade of ‘ caring ’ rock , with its explicitly raised political consciousness and its ‘ new men ’ like Geldof , Bono and Sting , such hard , macho musics easily seem anomalous and distinctly dubious in their appeal .
in this decade of ‘ caring ’ rock , with its explicitly raised political consciousness and its ‘ new men ’ like geldof , bono and sting , such hard , macho musics easily seem [unusual] and distinctly dubious in their appeal .

Anomalous ammonites : the Cretaceous genus Nipponites .
[unusual] ammonites : the cretaceous genus nipponites .

Except in the extreme and anomalous calm of the Sargasso Sea , big floating seaweeds would simply be broken to pieces .
except in the extreme and [unusual] calm of the sargasso sea , big floating seaweeds would simply be broken to pieces .

The side which had lain on the river bed was green and moss-grown and there was nothing about it except for its shape and its anomalous position in the water to show that it might have been used as a lethal weapon .
the side which had lain on the river bed was green and moss-grown and there was nothing about it except for its shape and its [unusual] position in the water to show that it might have been used as a lethal weapon .

Their anomalous position illustrates the danger of reading back ( even into the 1950s , let alone the 1930s ) the more precisely defined contemporary categories , and eventually exposed them to abolition .
their [unusual] position illustrates the danger of reading back ( even into the 1950s , let alone the 1930s ) the more precisely defined contemporary categories , and eventually exposed them to abolition .

The compound was discovered when Jacqueline Doyle and Eugene Nixon of the Department of the Marine Fisheries Research Centre , Dublin , alerted Wright to an anomalous result found during routine monitoring of mussels from Bantry Bay , Ireland .
the compound was discovered when jacqueline doyle and eugene nixon of the department of the marine fisheries research centre , dublin , alerted wright to an [unusual] result found during routine monitoring of mussels from bantry bay , ireland .

They also identified , before they arose , a number of problems which are still unresolved , such as the anomalous position of Harris Tweed weavers under the National Insurance legislation .
they also identified , before they arose , a number of problems which are still unresolved , such as the [unusual] position of harris tweed weavers under the national insurance legislation .

Like most of the pupils , Gedge had not actually done any proper work but did not see anything anomalous about such a grandiose body .
like most of the pupils , gedge had not actually done any proper work but did not see anything [unusual] about such a grandiose body .

Indeed , it was the initial attempt to date these which led to the discovery of anomalous fading .
indeed , it was the initial attempt to date these which led to the discovery of [unusual] fading .

Introducing the bill yesterday , the Lord Chancellor , Lord Mackay , said it was anomalous that solicitors could not appear before judges in the crown court who were former solicitors .
introducing the bill yesterday , the lord chancellor , lord mackay , said it was [unusual] that solicitors could not appear before judges in the crown court who were former solicitors .

Yet in the first half of the century the number of unmarried women increased substantially , so that they formed a significant minority group Spinsters maintained an anomalous social position and were often seen as a threat to a society that assumed all women would marry and be subject to the control of their husbands [ Hill , 229–30 ] .
yet in the first half of the century the number of unmarried women increased substantially , so that they formed a significant minority group spinsters maintained an [unusual] social position and were often seen as a threat to a society that assumed all women would marry and be subject to the control of their husbands [ hill , 229–30 ] .

Incorporation into domestic law to rectify this anomalous situation would have the attractive consequence of reversing the current bias against freedom inherent in the residual approach now applied .
incorporation into domestic law to rectify this [unusual] situation would have the attractive consequence of reversing the current bias against freedom inherent in the residual approach now applied .

It is arguable that there is a spectrum of touchings , ranging from the obviously curative operation , such as the removal of an infected appendix , to the performance of somewhat exotic operations such as silicone breast implants and the removal of ‘ anomalous ’ sexual apparatus in sex-change surgery , including en route such operations as voluntary sterilization , rhinoplasty , and abortion .
it is arguable that there is a spectrum of touchings , ranging from the obviously curative operation , such as the removal of an infected appendix , to the performance of somewhat exotic operations such as silicone breast implants and the removal of ‘ [unusual] ’ sexual apparatus in sex-change surgery , including en route such operations as voluntary sterilization , rhinoplasty , and abortion .

However , some quantitative estimates of inversion within the Sole Pit Basin have been published based on anomalous patterns of Bunter Shale interval velocity ( Glennie & Boegner , 1981 ; Marie , 1975 ) .
however , some quantitative estimates of inversion within the sole pit basin have been published based on [unusual] patterns of bunter shale interval velocity ( glennie & boegner , 1981 ; marie , 1975 ) .

a zone of anomalous data in the south of Quadrant 47 where predicted uplift is not in accordance with the known geological framework .
a zone of [unusual] data in the south of quadrant 47 where predicted uplift is not in accordance with the known geological framework .

However , in the south of Quadrant 47 ( the zone of anomalous data , Fig .
however , in the south of quadrant 47 ( the zone of [unusual] data , fig .

zones of anomalous Bunter Shale uplift are associated with a lack of significant gas fields whereas zones of anomalous Carboniferous uplift are associated with the principal gas discoveries in the area .
zones of [unusual] bunter shale uplift are associated with a lack of significant gas fields whereas zones of [unusual] carboniferous uplift are associated with the principal gas discoveries in the area .

It has therefore been thought prudent to invoke the concept of dual porosity to explain the anomalous behaviour .
it has therefore been thought prudent to invoke the concept of dual porosity to explain the [unusual] behaviour .

What an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the attempt to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with assessment to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central regulation and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and anomalous role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .
what an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the attempt to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with assessment to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central regulation and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and [unusual] role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .

Although accountants may be on hand , the surveyor at partner level in a growing practice , or one of a substantial size , may find himself in the anomalous situation of spending the major part of his time on management for which he received no training rather than on technical matters , in which he is expert .
although accountants may be on hand , the surveyor at partner level in a growing practice , or one of a substantial size , may find himself in the [unusual] situation of spending the major part of his time on management for which he received no training rather than on technical matters , in which he is expert .

The Legal Services Corporation insisted upon the changes , according to its spokesman Eric Kleiman because the New York program 's structure is `` completely anomalous '' in that there are `` two degrees of separation '' between the federal corporation and the programs actually delivering civil legal services .
the legal services corporation insisted upon the changes , according to its spokesman eric kleiman because the new york program 's structure is `` completely [unusual] '' in that there are `` two degrees of separation '' between the federal corporation and the programs actually delivering civil legal services .

Use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent possesses toxicity and in identifying anomalous test results .
use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent possesses toxicity and in identifying [unusual] test results .

Based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .
based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are [unusual] and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .

Use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent possesses toxicity and in identifying anomalous test results .
use of this concept can be helpful in determining whether an effluent possesses toxicity and in identifying [unusual] test results .

Based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are anomalous and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .
based on the review , the guidance provides one of three determinations : that calculated effect concentrations are reliable and should be reported , that calculated effect concentrations are [unusual] and should be explained , or that the test was inconclusive and the test should be repeated with a newly collected sample .

Increasingly , it seems , this is the view being adopted by policy makers—that it is the status quo , rather than prospective policy revision , that is anomalous or hard to justify .
increasingly , it seems , this is the view being adopted by policy makers—that it is the status quo , rather than prospective policy revision , that is [unusual] or hard to justify .

The trade in art has always been anomalous in economic terms .
the trade in art has always been [unusual] in economic terms .

Mockability is an evanescent quality ; it 's the slip-up , the gaffe , the anomalous pratfall .
mockability is an evanescent quality ; it 's the slip-up , the gaffe , the [unusual] pratfall .

The aforementioned anomalous success of the Marine Corps suggests a politically sensitive cause that the Times does n't mention : the feminization of the military has n't made it that much more appealing to women but has made it much less special-seeming to men .
the aforementioned [unusual] success of the marine corps suggests a politically sensitive cause that the times does n't mention : the feminization of the military has n't made it that much more appealing to women but has made it much less special-seeming to men .

An article deplores modern libraries for buying too many expensive , hard-to-use computers and too few books : `` Unique , anomalous , unconventional knowledge '' is being lost .
an article deplores modern libraries for buying too many expensive , hard-to-use computers and too few books : `` unique , [unusual] , unconventional knowledge '' is being lost .

An article deplores modern libraries for buying too many expensive , hard-to-use computers and too few books : `` Unique , anomalous , unconventional knowledge '' is being lost .
an article deplores modern libraries for buying too many expensive , hard-to-use computers and too few books : `` unique , [unusual] , unconventional knowledge '' is being lost .

Sensitive Joseph is a striking departure from male stereotype , yet the key to his anomalous solicitude and eager empathy could not be more obvious .
sensitive joseph is a striking departure from male stereotype , yet the key to his [unusual] solicitude and eager empathy could not be more obvious .

Like them or loathe them , the middle decades of the twentieth century were an entirely anomalous period in American history .
like them or loathe them , the middle decades of the twentieth century were an entirely [unusual] period in american history .

In fact the Regal deal , far from being anomalous , is typical of what KKR has done in the years since the LBO craze came to a screeching halt at the end of the 1980s .
in fact the regal deal , far from being [unusual] , is typical of what kkr has done in the years since the lbo craze came to a screeching halt at the end of the 1980s .

Now that the ' h ' in such words is pronounced , the distinction has become anomalous and will no doubt disappear in time . ''
now that the ' h ' in such words is pronounced , the distinction has become [unusual] and will no doubt disappear in time . ''

Though the term may once have been anomalous when used of a young woman , today it is a recognized common-gender noun , and the next round of dictionaries will no doubt add their authority to the change .
though the term may once have been [unusual] when used of a young woman , today it is a recognized common-gender noun , and the next round of dictionaries will no doubt add their authority to the change .

Bernard not only carefully documents his ideas about the various interpretations that might be given the curiously anomalous references in the song but suggests possible variants .
bernard not only carefully documents his ideas about the various interpretations that might be given the curiously [unusual] references in the song but suggests possible variants .

The histories of these words are generally more recent , rarely reaching back to to proto-language , and are anomalous in some way , deriving , for example , from a historical incident or the name of a person .
the histories of these words are generally more recent , rarely reaching back to to proto-language , and are [unusual] in some way , deriving , for example , from a historical incident or the name of a person .

It should be understood that American Grammar , while it happens to deal with illustrations from American English , describes the grammar of most of English : the title derives from the association with America of the particular kind of grammatical analysis described : except for a few anomalous differences , the grammars of the major dialects of English are , of course , uniform .
it should be understood that american grammar , while it happens to deal with illustrations from american english , describes the grammar of most of english : the title derives from the association with america of the particular kind of grammatical analysis described : except for a few [unusual] differences , the grammars of the major dialects of english are , of course , uniform .

It occurred to me that custom-made anything is approaching the realm of the anomalous : another item for the collection .
it occurred to me that custom-made anything is approaching the realm of the [unusual] : another item for the collection .

