He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area .
he would [give] one of the rescue trucks to the riverside section of the city and the other to the rumford area .

If so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents .
if so , it might be worth while to [give] a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents .

We cannot , of course , assign it any substance .
we cannot , of course , [give] it any substance .

Assign a series of catechism questions to be memorized .
[give] a series of catechism questions to be memorized .

The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy .
the disappearance caused his family to [give] a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy .

It is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life .
it is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to [give] `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life .

Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business .
forty-seven states [give] or provide vehicles for employees on state business .

States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool .
states which provide automobiles for employees [give] them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool .

The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .
the attorney general shall [give] such officers and employees of the department of justice as may be necessary to represent the united states as to any claims of the government of the united states with respect to which the commission has jurisdiction under this title .

In the daytime , on the other hand , since skywave transmission is relatively inefficient , it is possible to assign a substantially larger number of stations on these channels .
in the daytime , on the other hand , since skywave transmission is relatively inefficient , it is possible to [give] a substantially larger number of stations on these channels .

Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .
essentially , the question presented for decision in the present daytime skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to [give] stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for am allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .

In the over-all process , it is difficult to assign a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a built-detergent formulation ; ;
in the over-all process , it is difficult to [give] a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a built-detergent formulation ; ;

and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition agent , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active .
and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition agent , etc. than there is to [give] individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active .

Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other .
neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and [give] the observed phenomena individually to one or the other .

He was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed , precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape , already learned and held in visual memory , as persons of normal vision do .
he was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed , precisely because he could not [give] it to a visual shape , already learned and held in visual memory , as persons of normal vision do .

One can take a vase of about 800 B.C. and , without any knowledge of its place of origin , venture to assign it to a specific area ; ;
one can take a vase of about 800 b.c. and , without any knowledge of its place of origin , venture to [give] it to a specific area ; ;

When so instructed , Autocoder will generate one or more RDWS and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated .
when so instructed , autocoder will generate one or more rdws and [give] them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated .

In some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas .
in some cases , it may be more advantageous to [give] locations to rdws associated with da and dc areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the da or dc areas .

And it says the decision not to assign a psychiatric nurse was made on medical and not financial grounds .
and it says the decision not to [give] a psychiatric nurse was made on medical and not financial grounds .

One solution to this problem would be to assign a length to a probe , rather than treating it as a point , so that short probes could be contained within longer ones .
one solution to this problem would be to [give] a length to a probe , rather than treating it as a point , so that short probes could be contained within longer ones .

The first is the ethical difficulty associated with the need to give a patient the treatment that is believed to be best for him or her as an individual rather than what the statistician 's random allocation might assign .
the first is the ethical difficulty associated with the need to give a patient the treatment that is believed to be best for him or her as an individual rather than what the statistician 's random allocation might [give] .

In most other cases of weak syllables containing a close front unrounded vowel we can assign the vowel to the phoneme , as in the first syllable of ‘ resist ’ , ‘ inane ’ , ‘ enough ’ , the middle syllable of ‘ incident ’ , ‘ orchestra ’ , ‘ artichoke ’ , and the final syllable of ‘ swimming ’ , ‘ liquid ’ , ‘ optic ’ .
in most other cases of weak syllables containing a close front unrounded vowel we can [give] the vowel to the phoneme , as in the first syllable of ‘ resist ’ , ‘ inane ’ , ‘ enough ’ , the middle syllable of ‘ incident ’ , ‘ orchestra ’ , ‘ artichoke ’ , and the final syllable of ‘ swimming ’ , ‘ liquid ’ , ‘ optic ’ .

As an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who discovers an unusual plant will try to assign it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been discovered , and that future examples of this plant will be assigned to this new species .
as an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who discovers an unusual plant will try to [give] it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been discovered , and that future examples of this plant will be assigned to this new species .

We find many cases where it is difficult to assign a particular speech sound to a particular phoneme .
we find many cases where it is difficult to [give] a particular speech sound to a particular phoneme .

Non-monetarists also recognise the role that monetary changes may have on real output , though of course they do not assign them such a major role as the monetarists .
non-monetarists also recognise the role that monetary changes may have on real output , though of course they do not [give] them such a major role as the monetarists .

It is also possible to assign different patches to sets of strings , allowing you to mix and match a piano on strings 1 to 4 and double bass on 5 and 6 , for instance .
it is also possible to [give] different patches to sets of strings , allowing you to mix and match a piano on strings 1 to 4 and double bass on 5 and 6 , for instance .

Assign names and/or symbols , as well as numbers , to up to 500 waypoints , to identify their location or purpose .
[give] names and/or symbols , as well as numbers , to up to 500 waypoints , to identify their location or purpose .

whose achievements were rarely so enduring as to place them in the class apart to which we would assign the truly original thinkers in history .
whose achievements were rarely so enduring as to place them in the class apart to which we would [give] the truly original thinkers in history .

Wordsworth 's was a face which did not assign itself to any class .
wordsworth 's was a face which did not [give] itself to any class .

It is in fact an argument about Godwin 's ideas , and it is difficult to decide whether to assign the victory to Godwin or to the more conservative philosophy which Wordsworth was now beginning to embrace .
it is in fact an argument about godwin 's ideas , and it is difficult to decide whether to [give] the victory to godwin or to the more conservative philosophy which wordsworth was now beginning to embrace .

Development rules involving elements of frontier search need to assign a value to active node k .
development rules involving elements of frontier search need to [give] a value to active node k .

Moreover , though individuals may differ in the weight they assign to various aspects of a job , most individuals are prepared to make trade-offs between different sources of satisfaction .
moreover , though individuals may differ in the weight they [give] to various aspects of a job , most individuals are prepared to make trade-offs between different sources of satisfaction .

Not to assign or sub-let without the Landlord 's consent ( although this consent should not be withheld unreasonably )
not to [give] or sub-let without the landlord 's consent ( although this consent should not be withheld unreasonably )

Respondents were asked to assign scores to the factors influencing choice of venue in terms of general area ( 1 point for the highest importance , 5 for the lowest ) . The results were as follows :
respondents were asked to [give] scores to the factors influencing choice of venue in terms of general area ( 1 point for the highest importance , 5 for the lowest ) . the results were as follows :

On the contrary , we have to assign to each level a peculiar time , relatively autonomous and hence relatively independent , even in its dependence , of the ‘ times ’ of the other levels … Each of these peculiar histories is punctuated with peculiar rhythms and can only be known on condition that we have defined the concept of the specificity of its historical temporality and its punctuations ( continuous development , revolutions , breaks , etc . )
on the contrary , we have to [give] to each level a peculiar time , relatively autonomous and hence relatively independent , even in its dependence , of the ‘ times ’ of the other levels … each of these peculiar histories is punctuated with peculiar rhythms and can only be known on condition that we have defined the concept of the specificity of its historical temporality and its punctuations ( continuous development , revolutions , breaks , etc . )

One solution , widely endorsed , is to break down psychological processes into putative substages and assign these to different parts of the brain ( Dean 1982 ; Luria 1973 ) .
one solution , widely endorsed , is to break down psychological processes into putative substages and [give] these to different parts of the brain ( dean 1982 ; luria 1973 ) .

The new scale will assign an arbitrary mean score to those children with average scores , and children performing above and below the mean will be assigned higher and lower scores on the new scale .
the new scale will [give] an arbitrary mean score to those children with average scores , and children performing above and below the mean will be assigned higher and lower scores on the new scale .

It may be at least partly an artefact of the methodology used to assign speakers to social classes .
it may be at least partly an artefact of the methodology used to [give] speakers to social classes .

How then do we decide which class to assign a couple to where he is a builder and she is a secretary ( not that uncommon a scenario ) ?
how then do we decide which class to [give] a couple to where he is a builder and she is a secretary ( not that uncommon a scenario ) ?

If a tenant exercises an existing right , for example to assign the lease or grant a sublease or alter the building , he usually must reimburse the landlord 's incidental costs , for example the legal or survey fees .
if a tenant exercises an existing right , for example to [give] the lease or grant a sublease or alter the building , he usually must reimburse the landlord 's incidental costs , for example the legal or survey fees .

Its disciplinary role is to investigate and , if necessary , assign penalties for past disciplinary offences .
its disciplinary role is to investigate and , if necessary , [give] penalties for past disciplinary offences .

Such an assertion presupposes a well-founded theory of performance , one which was able to assign periods of time to mental processes .
such an assertion presupposes a well-founded theory of performance , one which was able to [give] periods of time to mental processes .

Although landlords are prepared to squeeze margins by offering a variety of incentives — rent reductions , rent-free periods and payment of fitting-out costs — demand refuses to pick up because many tenants are lumbered with expensive leases they can not assign .
although landlords are prepared to squeeze margins by offering a variety of incentives — rent reductions , rent-free periods and payment of fitting-out costs — demand refuses to pick up because many tenants are lumbered with expensive leases they can not [give] .

Nevertheless , we were always able to assign a cone to one of three categories without ambiguity .
nevertheless , we were always able to [give] a cone to one of three categories without ambiguity .

Chafe ( 1977:244 ) criticises the typical psycholinguistic tree structures which assign agents and roles to the words used in the recall as being ‘ able to capture only certain decisions that were made during certain particular verbalisations .
chafe ( 1977:244 ) criticises the typical psycholinguistic tree structures which [give] agents and roles to the words used in the recall as being ‘ able to capture only certain decisions that were made during certain particular verbalisations .

And the sort of reason which a trader might give ( ‘ We assign numerical values to all the factors given in application forms , on the basis of past experience of credit-worthiness , and in your case these values fell below the limit we require for credit applicants .
and the sort of reason which a trader might give ( ‘ we [give] numerical values to all the factors given in application forms , on the basis of past experience of credit-worthiness , and in your case these values fell below the limit we require for credit applicants .

10.1 The Academic Parties undertake that as respects copyright and other intellectual property rights in any items comprising technical information in respect of their results they will at the request and cost of the Non-academic Parties to this Agreement assign to and execute and do all such deeds acts matters and things as may be requisite for vesting such rights in an Non-academic Party either along or jointly with other Non-academic Parties to this Agreement .
10.1 the academic parties undertake that as respects copyright and other intellectual property rights in any items comprising technical information in respect of their results they will at the request and cost of the non-academic parties to this agreement [give] to and execute and do all such deeds acts matters and things as may be requisite for vesting such rights in an non-academic party either along or jointly with other non-academic parties to this agreement .

may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without prior written consent of .
may not [give] any of its rights or obligations under this agreement without prior written consent of .

After notifying the Programmer , the Publisher shall be free to assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to another publisher .
after notifying the programmer , the publisher shall be free to [give] its rights and obligations under this agreement to another publisher .

After notifying the Programmer , the Publisher shall be free to assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to another publisher .
after notifying the programmer , the publisher shall be free to [give] its rights and obligations under this agreement to another publisher .

First , they assign ‘ primary ’ importance to class struggle in understanding politics as well as economics and culture .
first , they [give] ‘ primary ’ importance to class struggle in understanding politics as well as economics and culture .

If we knew all the pleasures and pains liable to be produced by an action , and could assign a degree of intensity , a duration , and a probability ( represented as a fraction of one ) to each , then the multiplication of these by each other , treating pleasure as a positive and pain as a negative quantity , would give the total positive or negative value of the action 's consequences , and it would be a good or right act if the result was positive , bad or wrong if it was negative .
if we knew all the pleasures and pains liable to be produced by an action , and could [give] a degree of intensity , a duration , and a probability ( represented as a fraction of one ) to each , then the multiplication of these by each other , treating pleasure as a positive and pain as a negative quantity , would give the total positive or negative value of the action 's consequences , and it would be a good or right act if the result was positive , bad or wrong if it was negative .

Taking that principle as a starting point , an attempt was made in Belfast to assign to the fieldworker a clear social identity which allowed him or her to claim a role in the community .
taking that principle as a starting point , an attempt was made in belfast to [give] to the fieldworker a clear social identity which allowed him or her to claim a role in the community .

But such an interpretation of the very salient sex differences which plainly do exist , and are moreover theoretically important , relies on the analyst 's capacity to assign a comparable social class index score to both males and females .
but such an interpretation of the very salient sex differences which plainly do exist , and are moreover theoretically important , relies on the analyst 's capacity to [give] a comparable social class index score to both males and females .

It is possible to assign to an individual a numerical score which reflects the structure of his or her personal network with reference to the key concepts of multiplexity and density .
it is possible to [give] to an individual a numerical score which reflects the structure of his or her personal network with reference to the key concepts of multiplexity and density .

Anybody did n't arrive Labov had hypothesized that there was ‘ a regular gradient of negative attraction to quantifiers , strongest to any , weaker for each and every , weakest for all ’ ( 1975 : 19 ) . This is parallel to the gradient of acceptability which emerged from Harris 's results , and Labov attempted to accommodate the tendency of speakers to avoid making absolute judgements by asking them to assign to each sentence a score on a four-point scale , as follows :
anybody did n't arrive labov had hypothesized that there was ‘ a regular gradient of negative attraction to quantifiers , strongest to any , weaker for each and every , weakest for all ’ ( 1975 : 19 ) . this is parallel to the gradient of acceptability which emerged from harris 's results , and labov attempted to accommodate the tendency of speakers to avoid making absolute judgements by asking them to [give] to each sentence a score on a four-point scale , as follows :

That one is particularly pleasing , as it conveys the idea of equality wrapped up in more recent connotations which assign customer status to both patron and client .
that one is particularly pleasing , as it conveys the idea of equality wrapped up in more recent connotations which [give] customer status to both patron and client .

For example , a business in the United States may wish to assign an engineer to work in Japan for some months .
for example , a business in the united states may wish to [give] an engineer to work in japan for some months .

Although , as we shall illustrate in Part Two , it is an over-simplification to assign certain categories of evaluation strategies to specific locations on a hard/soft spectrum , Nisbet 's analysis serves to map the field of actual and possible accountability procedures .
although , as we shall illustrate in part two , it is an over-simplification to [give] certain categories of evaluation strategies to specific locations on a hard/soft spectrum , nisbet 's analysis serves to map the field of actual and possible accountability procedures .

It is characterized by a tendency to stereotype , that is , a tendency to assign identical characteristics to whole groups regardless of individual variations ( Twitchin and Demuth , 1985 , p. 170 ; Aronson , 1980 , p. 197 ) .
it is characterized by a tendency to stereotype , that is , a tendency to [give] identical characteristics to whole groups regardless of individual variations ( twitchin and demuth , 1985 , p. 170 ; aronson , 1980 , p. 197 ) .

From this you can identify the trends and thus assign probabilities to the various types of question likely to appear on the next occasion .
from this you can identify the trends and thus [give] probabilities to the various types of question likely to appear on the next occasion .

We can arbitrarily assign .
we can arbitrarily [give] .

This is , ‘ to assign the work now done at the police station to another agency which has responsibilities and characteristics more consistent with the way we want the work done .
this is , ‘ to [give] the work now done at the police station to another agency which has responsibilities and characteristics more consistent with the way we want the work done .

Since all action is meaningful , it can only be understood by discovering the meanings which actors assign to their activities .
since all action is meaningful , it can only be understood by discovering the meanings which actors [give] to their activities .

Tumin concludes that stratification , by its very nature , can never adequately perform the functions which Davis and Moore assign to it .
tumin concludes that stratification , by its very nature , can never adequately perform the functions which davis and moore [give] to it .

In our transit across public places we rely on others recognising the rules which assign us the right to proceed without being inconvenienced by impudent stares or unsolicited conversational openings .
in our transit across public places we rely on others recognising the rules which [give] us the right to proceed without being inconvenienced by impudent stares or unsolicited conversational openings .

Assign one to ride with me .
[give] one to ride with me .

This is not surprising as the algorithm to assign risk is weighted in favour of such cases .
this is not surprising as the algorithm to [give] risk is weighted in favour of such cases .

Mother 's address as recorded in the delivery register was used to assign births to 5 km bands round the nuclear establishments in the study area , and controls were chosen from the same 5 km band as their associated case .
mother 's address as recorded in the delivery register was used to [give] births to 5 km bands round the nuclear establishments in the study area , and controls were chosen from the same 5 km band as their associated case .

This has important implications for patient preference as such studies should provide a basis for each person to assign his or her own values to different levels of risk and benefit .
this has important implications for patient preference as such studies should provide a basis for each person to [give] his or her own values to different levels of risk and benefit .

In other words , they assign a special status to ‘ scientific understanding ’ and allow for political engagement in the form of ‘ theoretical practice ’ .
in other words , they [give] a special status to ‘ scientific understanding ’ and allow for political engagement in the form of ‘ theoretical practice ’ .

To assign a role to culture is not to resolve the problems of structure versus action because the here and now culture , whatever its foundations in historical action , can be regarded as a component of social structure in a general sense .
to [give] a role to culture is not to resolve the problems of structure versus action because the here and now culture , whatever its foundations in historical action , can be regarded as a component of social structure in a general sense .

Is it possible to assign one function to each , or are some of mixed function ? How might the function of each utterance vary according to context ?
is it possible to [give] one function to each , or are some of mixed function ? how might the function of each utterance vary according to context ?

If we assign positions to particular instances of discourse we find firstly that there are many intermediate cases , and secondly that absolutely nonreciprocal discourse is unlikely .
if we [give] positions to particular instances of discourse we find firstly that there are many intermediate cases , and secondly that absolutely nonreciprocal discourse is unlikely .

An adequate representation of a text must assign speeches to the correct characters , sentences to the correct paragraphs , and paragraphs to the correct chapters .
an adequate representation of a text must [give] speeches to the correct characters , sentences to the correct paragraphs , and paragraphs to the correct chapters .

Where handwritten texts are at issue , it is often the case that the individual reproducing the text in a printed version has to make a considerable effort of interpretation to assign a value to some of the less legible words .
where handwritten texts are at issue , it is often the case that the individual reproducing the text in a printed version has to make a considerable effort of interpretation to [give] a value to some of the less legible words .

This is particularly clear in the handwritten attempts of very young children where the adult is obliged to assign each large painstakingly formed letter token to a particular type of letter , which he may then re-interpret in the light of the larger message .
this is particularly clear in the handwritten attempts of very young children where the adult is obliged to [give] each large painstakingly formed letter token to a particular type of letter , which he may then re-interpret in the light of the larger message .

For our present purposes we should note that Lewis ' list , like Hymes ' , makes reference to the speaker and hearer in order to assign values to the deictic categories of speaker and audience ( addressor / addressee ) realised in first and second person pronouns .
for our present purposes we should note that lewis ' list , like hymes ' , makes reference to the speaker and hearer in order to [give] values to the deictic categories of speaker and audience ( addressor / addressee ) realised in first and second person pronouns .

The second value we can assign to it is the backed up value of the position HisPos which the program chooses to move to .
the second value we can [give] to it is the backed up value of the position hispos which the program chooses to move to .

We can now assign to each species the various clusters which it is in . Thus , a sparrow
we can now [give] to each species the various clusters which it is in . thus , a sparrow

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not [give] or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

An occam process may assign values to its variables .
an occam process may [give] values to its variables .

In many practical cases the program will be deterministic , in that it can not diverge and never has any choice over what to communicate or what to assign to its free variables .
in many practical cases the program will be deterministic , in that it can not diverge and never has any choice over what to communicate or what to [give] to its free variables .

If a lifestyle can be accurately described , and the numbers of people following it quantified , then marketers can assign and target products and promotion upon this particular target life.style group .
if a lifestyle can be accurately described , and the numbers of people following it quantified , then marketers can [give] and target products and promotion upon this particular target life.style group .

On the one hand , it is difficult to see how some of Porter 's ten cost-drivers can be used to assign costs to products in an activity-based costing sense .
on the one hand , it is difficult to see how some of porter 's ten cost-drivers can be used to [give] costs to products in an activity-based costing sense .

If we preserve both standards of review we then have to assign different subject-matter areas to each test .
if we preserve both standards of review we then have to [give] different subject-matter areas to each test .

Such an approach is exceedingly complex , given that one must assign values for all kinds of pollution damage including premature death , varying degrees of illness , property deterioration , reductions in yield and quality of crops , damage to irreplaceable historic monuments , and visibility degradation .
such an approach is exceedingly complex , given that one must [give] values for all kinds of pollution damage including premature death , varying degrees of illness , property deterioration , reductions in yield and quality of crops , damage to irreplaceable historic monuments , and visibility degradation .

How can he assign any motive but an honourable one to such a request ?
how can he [give] any motive but an honourable one to such a request ?

Thru literalizes this defining characteristic of narrative by constantly thwarting the reader 's attempts to assign the text to a given ‘ voice ’ .
thru literalizes this defining characteristic of narrative by constantly thwarting the reader 's attempts to [give] the text to a given ‘ voice ’ .

‘ When you telephone us for a quote , we will assign a member of staff to you , whom you can contact whenever you need to , without fear of being charged extra in costs , as some solicitors are wont to do every time you telephone them .
‘ when you telephone us for a quote , we will [give] a member of staff to you , whom you can contact whenever you need to , without fear of being charged extra in costs , as some solicitors are wont to do every time you telephone them .

In the Tudor Grange case Sir Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson noted that ‘ it has never been decided and was left open in that case whether a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator could assign otherwise than for value received by the estate of which he is the trustee .
in the tudor grange case sir nicolas browne-wilkinson noted that ‘ it has never been decided and was left open in that case whether a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator could [give] otherwise than for value received by the estate of which he is the trustee .

The Crown 's credit was good , but still it needed to assign some regular revenue : thus Cade had the farm of Dover from 1154 ( and presumably earlier ) until 1161 .
the crown 's credit was good , but still it needed to [give] some regular revenue : thus cade had the farm of dover from 1154 ( and presumably earlier ) until 1161 .

Individuals might assign the income from specified lands to pay off their debts , pledge their own faith , and produce guarantors .
individuals might [give] the income from specified lands to pay off their debts , pledge their own faith , and produce guarantors .

Where the court held that a fixed charge had been created in favour of a bank over book debts ( in this case bills of exchange ) where the charge provided that the company could not charge or assign these debts and , most importantly , had to pay the proceeds into an account with the chargee bank which the company could not operate without the consent of the bank .
where the court held that a fixed charge had been created in favour of a bank over book debts ( in this case bills of exchange ) where the charge provided that the company could not charge or [give] these debts and , most importantly , had to pay the proceeds into an account with the chargee bank which the company could not operate without the consent of the bank .

Less controversially , it soon becomes apparent to personnel involved in course and presenter evaluation that student respondents rarely assign very poor ratings , or make extremely negative comments , even when other indicators such as colleague judgement suggest that a course has been presented particularly poorly .
less controversially , it soon becomes apparent to personnel involved in course and presenter evaluation that student respondents rarely [give] very poor ratings , or make extremely negative comments , even when other indicators such as colleague judgement suggest that a course has been presented particularly poorly .

Rating scales are a subset of questionnaires which invite informants to select a number corresponding to the extent of their response , or to select one of a series of descriptions , usually corresponding to an ordinal scale with a neutral midpoint , to which the investigator can easily assign numbers .
rating scales are a subset of questionnaires which invite informants to select a number corresponding to the extent of their response , or to select one of a series of descriptions , usually corresponding to an ordinal scale with a neutral midpoint , to which the investigator can easily [give] numbers .

It may be premature to assign the Newton St. Loe mosaic to such a school : indeed , given the vagueries of stylistic relationships in this region it might be rash .
it may be premature to [give] the newton st. loe mosaic to such a school : indeed , given the vagueries of stylistic relationships in this region it might be rash .

It is thus possible that in the course of the next few years Council will assign the headship for a period to the holder of the Halford Mackinder Professorship , who will among those carrying an obligation to serve if so requested .
it is thus possible that in the course of the next few years council will [give] the headship for a period to the holder of the halford mackinder professorship , who will among those carrying an obligation to serve if so requested .

The landlord may , however , assign its reversion and there is no objection to clause 1.1 as drafted .
the landlord may , however , [give] its reversion and there is no objection to clause 1.1 as drafted .

Clause 1.2 is not acceptable as it is inadvisable to agree any unreasonable fetters on the tenant 's right to assign the benefit of the agreement .
clause 1.2 is not acceptable as it is inadvisable to agree any unreasonable fetters on the tenant 's right to [give] the benefit of the agreement .

There may for some reason be a substantial delay between the date of the agreement and the grant of the lease during which time the tenant may wish to assign its interest in it .
there may for some reason be a substantial delay between the date of the agreement and the grant of the lease during which time the tenant may wish to [give] its interest in it .

The Tenant shall not assign underlet charge or otherwise deal in any way with the benefit of this agreement in whole or in part and the Landlord shall not be obliged to grant the Lease to any person other than the Tenant This is not acceptable and must at least be qualified to allow the tenant to mortgage or charge the premises which might be vital to the tenant to fund the tenant 's works or its business in general .
the tenant shall not [give] underlet charge or otherwise deal in any way with the benefit of this agreement in whole or in part and the landlord shall not be obliged to grant the lease to any person other than the tenant this is not acceptable and must at least be qualified to allow the tenant to mortgage or charge the premises which might be vital to the tenant to fund the tenant 's works or its business in general .

Provided that if the Lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the Tenant shall be at liberty to assign underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same conditions as would be applicable to a corresponding transaction if the Lease had then been granted
provided that if the lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the tenant shall be at liberty to [give] underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same conditions as would be applicable to a corresponding transaction if the lease had then been granted

This is self-explanatory and the tenant should be cautious of allowing the landlord to include various prohibited users which may not affect the tenant 's business but could restrict the persons to whom the tenant may wish to assign or sublet the premises .
this is self-explanatory and the tenant should be cautious of allowing the landlord to include various prohibited users which may not affect the tenant 's business but could restrict the persons to whom the tenant may wish to [give] or sublet the premises .

The tenant will not wish to restrict himself to too narrow a use , for while this might be satisfactory in the short term , if the lease is for 25 years much can happen to the tenant 's business , eg expansion or contraction resulting in the necessity for the tenant to assign or sublet the premises , in which case the assignee or subtenant may wish to carry on a different use .
the tenant will not wish to restrict himself to too narrow a use , for while this might be satisfactory in the short term , if the lease is for 25 years much can happen to the tenant 's business , eg expansion or contraction resulting in the necessity for the tenant to [give] or sublet the premises , in which case the assignee or subtenant may wish to carry on a different use .

5.9.2 Not to assign [ underlet ] or charge part only of the Premises [ and not to underlet the whole or any part of the Premises ]
5.9.2 not to [give] [ underlet ] or charge part only of the premises [ and not to underlet the whole or any part of the premises ]

5.9.3 Not to assign [ underlet ] or charge the whole of the Premises without the prior consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed
5.9.3 not to [give] [ underlet ] or charge the whole of the premises without the prior consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed

Some alienation provisions contain surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be permitted to assign the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant obtaining less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .
some alienation provisions contain surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be permitted to [give] the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant obtaining less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .

Those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to proceed with the grant of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to grant a licence to assign may be contested by the tenant , with subsequent expensive court proceedings .
those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to proceed with the grant of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to grant a licence to [give] may be contested by the tenant , with subsequent expensive court proceedings .

9 . Licence to assign a lease
9 . licence to [give] a lease

Short-term leases , if they do n't contain an absolute bar to assignment , commonly contain a covenant by the lessee not to assign the lease without the lessor 's licence , and usually provide that such licence shall not be unreasonably withheld — if such proviso is omitted , then acting for a prospective lessee you should always insert it in the draft .
short-term leases , if they do n't contain an absolute bar to assignment , commonly contain a covenant by the lessee not to [give] the lease without the lessor 's licence , and usually provide that such licence shall not be unreasonably withheld — if such proviso is omitted , then acting for a prospective lessee you should always insert it in the draft .

Long leases , on the other hand , rarely have any such clog on the right to assign , mortgage , etc , and in general ought not to ; in the event of a draft lease ( when acting for the original lessee ) you should always delete the offending provision should it occur , and always have it in mind when perusing the draft .
long leases , on the other hand , rarely have any such clog on the right to [give] , mortgage , etc , and in general ought not to ; in the event of a draft lease ( when acting for the original lessee ) you should always delete the offending provision should it occur , and always have it in mind when perusing the draft .

In the case of a sale of leasehold property where the lessor 's licence to assign is required , the form of licence sometimes requires signing of a counterpart licence by the seller , and frequently by the buyer too , whereby the latter explicitly becomes responsible for the tenant 's covenants in the lease ; this is a reminder in case the seller must execute the document .
in the case of a sale of leasehold property where the lessor 's licence to [give] is required , the form of licence sometimes requires signing of a counterpart licence by the seller , and frequently by the buyer too , whereby the latter explicitly becomes responsible for the tenant 's covenants in the lease ; this is a reminder in case the seller must execute the document .

( e ) Leasehold property When your client is buying a leasehold property in a case where the lessor 's licence to assign is required , the licence ( which is always prepared by the lessor 's solicitor , who should submit the draft to you for your approval ) may require your client 's execution of a counterpart of the licence .
( e ) leasehold property when your client is buying a leasehold property in a case where the lessor 's licence to [give] is required , the licence ( which is always prepared by the lessor 's solicitor , who should submit the draft to you for your approval ) may require your client 's execution of a counterpart of the licence .

He said that the agreement was on its face unduly restrictive having regard to : ( a ) its likely duration ; ( b ) the publishers ' right to assign copyright in songs which they had acquired in full under the agreement , so that it could not be argued that they would be unlikely to act oppressively and so damage their goodwill ; ( c ) the fact that the publishers were not bound to publish or promote the songwriter 's work if they chose not to do so , so that he might earn nothing , and his talents be sterilised , contrary to the public interest ; and ( d ) the absence of any provision entitling the songwriter to terminate the agreement .
he said that the agreement was on its face unduly restrictive having regard to : ( a ) its likely duration ; ( b ) the publishers ' right to [give] copyright in songs which they had acquired in full under the agreement , so that it could not be argued that they would be unlikely to act oppressively and so damage their goodwill ; ( c ) the fact that the publishers were not bound to publish or promote the songwriter 's work if they chose not to do so , so that he might earn nothing , and his talents be sterilised , contrary to the public interest ; and ( d ) the absence of any provision entitling the songwriter to terminate the agreement .

If you subsequently assign a longer string to the variable there will be insufficient room for it and the string will have to occupy a different area in memory .
if you subsequently [give] a longer string to the variable there will be insufficient room for it and the string will have to occupy a different area in memory .

If your program needs to find an empty string the first time it is used , you can subsequently assign a null string to it .
if your program needs to find an empty string the first time it is used , you can subsequently [give] a null string to it .

It can be used to assign a value to a variable or as part of a test .
it can be used to [give] a value to a variable or as part of a test .

It might be more or less efficient or more or less fair to assign liability to one party or the other , and this is why it is important that the legislature or the courts , whichever first have occasion to set the rule , make the right substantive decision .
it might be more or less efficient or more or less fair to [give] liability to one party or the other , and this is why it is important that the legislature or the courts , whichever first have occasion to set the rule , make the right substantive decision .

Should we tamper with majority rule by giving special voting strength to one economic group , beyond what its numbers would justify , because we fear that straight majority rule would assign it less than its just share ?
should we tamper with majority rule by giving special voting strength to one economic group , beyond what its numbers would justify , because we fear that straight majority rule would [give] it less than its just share ?

The husband , even in the absence of valuable consideration , should assign his share or interest in the matrimonial home as `` beneficial owner `` for the reasons set out in Chapter 3 .
the husband , even in the absence of valuable consideration , should [give] his share or interest in the matrimonial home as `` beneficial owner `` for the reasons set out in chapter 3 .

The tubes may not be straight , but one does not have enough information to assign any other shape to them .
the tubes may not be straight , but one does not have enough information to [give] any other shape to them .

It was therefore considered appropriate to assign responses such as these to the ‘ other ’ rather than the ‘ no ’ category and this accounts for the rather unusual statistics .
it was therefore considered appropriate to [give] responses such as these to the ‘ other ’ rather than the ‘ no ’ category and this accounts for the rather unusual statistics .

The constricted room for manoeuvre that Friedman had been prepared to assign to monetary ( but not fiscal ) policy in affecting real variables was repudiated in the writings of the new classical school .
the constricted room for manoeuvre that friedman had been prepared to [give] to monetary ( but not fiscal ) policy in affecting real variables was repudiated in the writings of the new classical school .

The traditional Keynesian view of the conduct of monetary policy has been to assign to it the role of interest rate and/or exchange rate stabilization .
the traditional keynesian view of the conduct of monetary policy has been to [give] to it the role of interest rate and/or exchange rate stabilization .

If the interim payment was specifically assigned to one head of damage ( eg on account of nursing services or the cost of a specially modified bungalow for a quadraplegic ) there is no difficulty , and the note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 White Book encourages the court to assign the payment to special damages to simplify the calculation of interest at trial .
if the interim payment was specifically assigned to one head of damage ( eg on account of nursing services or the cost of a specially modified bungalow for a quadraplegic ) there is no difficulty , and the note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 white book encourages the court to [give] the payment to special damages to simplify the calculation of interest at trial .

One area of boilerplate which concerns the buyer rather more than the seller is the question of the right to assign or sub-contract all or part of the order .
one area of boilerplate which concerns the buyer rather more than the seller is the question of the right to [give] or sub-contract all or part of the order .

Even sellers may prefer their buyer not to have the option to assign the contract , given that one of the important factors for sellers when deciding to enter into a contract may well be the creditworthiness of the buyer .
even sellers may prefer their buyer not to have the option to [give] the contract , given that one of the important factors for sellers when deciding to enter into a contract may well be the creditworthiness of the buyer .

In standard conditions of sale , therefore , many sellers would choose the option of a clause forbidding both parties to assign ( in whole or part ) as the most commercially acceptable way of proceeding .
in standard conditions of sale , therefore , many sellers would choose the option of a clause forbidding both parties to [give] ( in whole or part ) as the most commercially acceptable way of proceeding .

Thus clauses which use wording forbidding the seller to assign the `` benefit or burden `` of the contract are undesirable .
thus clauses which use wording forbidding the seller to [give] the `` benefit or burden `` of the contract are undesirable .

As long as the seller can not assign the contract itself , he should be free to deal with the benefit thereof ( ie the resulting revenue stream and book debts ) as he sees fit .
as long as the seller can not [give] the contract itself , he should be free to deal with the benefit thereof ( ie the resulting revenue stream and book debts ) as he sees fit .

9.1 You may not assign or transfer this order or part thereof to any other person without our written consent .
9.1 you may not [give] or transfer this order or part thereof to any other person without our written consent .

( ii ) on either party assigning or attempting to assign this Agreement other than to a subsidiary or associated company .
( ii ) on either party assigning or attempting to [give] this agreement other than to a subsidiary or associated company .

In addition the tenant may have to pay compensation to occupying subtenants for non-renewal of tenancies under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and may himself have to pay damages for breach of obligation ( eg an unreasonable refusal of consent to assign ) .
in addition the tenant may have to pay compensation to occupying subtenants for non-renewal of tenancies under the landlord and tenant act 1954 and may himself have to pay damages for breach of obligation ( eg an unreasonable refusal of consent to [give] ) .

The main consents required are discussed later , but include landlord 's consent to assign leases and major customer 's or supplier 's consents to assign contracts .
the main consents required are discussed later , but include landlord 's consent to [give] leases and major customer 's or supplier 's consents to [give] contracts .

Nearly all leases contain restrictions against alienation restricting the circumstances in which the lessee ( the vendor ) may assign , sub-let or share occupation of the property .
nearly all leases contain restrictions against alienation restricting the circumstances in which the lessee ( the vendor ) may [give] , sub-let or share occupation of the property .

The effect of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1988 , however , is to impose a statutory duty on the landlord to consider an application for consent to assign `` within a reasonable time `` .
the effect of the landlord and tenant act 1988 , however , is to impose a statutory duty on the landlord to consider an application for consent to [give] `` within a reasonable time `` .

The vendor will then be in a similar position as if it were still the original tenant under the lease and it will remain liable if an assignee defaults unless the landlord releases to vendor in the licence to assign .
the vendor will then be in a similar position as if it were still the original tenant under the lease and it will remain liable if an assignee defaults unless the landlord releases to vendor in the licence to [give] .

If there are contracts which are essential to the conduct of the business , the purchaser should make obtaining consent to assign or novate these a condition precedent .
if there are contracts which are essential to the conduct of the business , the purchaser should make obtaining consent to [give] or novate these a condition precedent .

If these contracts require consent to assign or novate the purchaser may insist that completion only takes place once a specified number of consents have been given or , in particular , consents in relation to the most important contracts comprising a specified percentage of annual turnover .
if these contracts require consent to [give] or novate the purchaser may insist that completion only takes place once a specified number of consents have been given or , in particular , consents in relation to the most important contracts comprising a specified percentage of annual turnover .

All but 1 % of the remainder were willing to assign to themselves , when prompted , a middle- or working-class label .
all but 1 % of the remainder were willing to [give] to themselves , when prompted , a middle- or working-class label .

Finally , of all schemes which assign gender to different persons of the Godhead , which suggest that God in God 's undifferentiated unity is female and as differentiated is male , or which see God as ‘ male ’ and humanity as ‘ female ’ in relation to God , it must be said that they necessarily fuel gender differentiation .
finally , of all schemes which [give] gender to different persons of the godhead , which suggest that god in god 's undifferentiated unity is female and as differentiated is male , or which see god as ‘ male ’ and humanity as ‘ female ’ in relation to god , it must be said that they necessarily fuel gender differentiation .

Children assign distinct meanings to distinct forms , but the distinctions they make early on do not always coincide exactly with the conventional adult ones .
children [give] distinct meanings to distinct forms , but the distinctions they make early on do not always coincide exactly with the conventional adult ones .

’ Readers wishing to make a similar tray should note that it is not possible to assign values arbitrarily to the sides of the rectangle and ‘ rise ’ of both flaps and expect the resulting outline to be a smooth one .
’ readers wishing to make a similar tray should note that it is not possible to [give] values arbitrarily to the sides of the rectangle and ‘ rise ’ of both flaps and expect the resulting outline to be a smooth one .

This arrangement depended upon the Goldsmiths ' willingness to undertake the task but the executors had the power , if the Company declined , to assign the property elsewhere .
this arrangement depended upon the goldsmiths ' willingness to undertake the task but the executors had the power , if the company declined , to [give] the property elsewhere .

In Equation ( 2.6.1 ) we arbitrarily assign ( n — 2 ) different values to ( other than = 0 , which we have in effect used to determine pn ) and then evaluate the ( numerical ) determinant for each of these .
in equation ( 2.6.1 ) we arbitrarily [give] ( n — 2 ) different values to ( other than = 0 , which we have in effect used to determine pn ) and then evaluate the ( numerical ) determinant for each of these .

One element of can be arbitrarily assigned : here we assign the value 1 to the third element and solve which , if we omit one column ( e.g .
one element of can be arbitrarily assigned : here we [give] the value 1 to the third element and solve which , if we omit one column ( e.g .

For example , assign your service manager a budget and let him control his own expenditure .
for example , [give] your service manager a budget and let him control his own expenditure .

In other words , the best we can do is to assign a probability a for the photon to get through ( and , of course , a complementary probability that it does not ) .
in other words , the best we can do is to [give] a probability a for the photon to get through ( and , of course , a complementary probability that it does not ) .

Feynman tells us to consider all such possibilities and to assign to each a complex probability amplitude .
feynman tells us to consider all such possibilities and to [give] to each a complex probability amplitude .

We are not unfamiliar with situations where the best we can do in practice is to assign probabilities , not because events are fundamentally acausal but because their detailed mechanism lies at a level too deep to be accessible to us .
we are not unfamiliar with situations where the best we can do in practice is to [give] probabilities , not because events are fundamentally acausal but because their detailed mechanism lies at a level too deep to be accessible to us .

What fixes the result of a particular experiment when the theory is only able to assign probabilities for a variety of possible outcomes ?
what fixes the result of a particular experiment when the theory is only able to [give] probabilities for a variety of possible outcomes ?

In addition , the conference plans to assign supplementary frequencies for the steadily rising demands of mobile satellite and other mobile communication services .
in addition , the conference plans to [give] supplementary frequencies for the steadily rising demands of mobile satellite and other mobile communication services .

Assign a rating on a ten-point scale as to how important each consideration is .
[give] a rating on a ten-point scale as to how important each consideration is .

People and their roles have status because other people assign it to them .
people and their roles have status because other people [give] it to them .

The holder can not cash the cheque , but only pay it in to a bank account , or savings bank , or assign it to a third party .
the holder can not cash the cheque , but only pay it in to a bank account , or savings bank , or [give] it to a third party .

assign the problem report to the Computer Group Manager
[give] the problem report to the computer group manager

assign the problem report to the person within the Computer Group who will resolve the problem , i.e. to the Problem Solver
[give] the problem report to the person within the computer group who will resolve the problem , i.e. to the problem solver

for problems which are likely to require considerable effort to resolve , assign a priority , and schedule actions as necessary
for problems which are likely to require considerable effort to resolve , [give] a priority , and schedule actions as necessary

for other problems , assign the computer-based problem report to the person within the Computer Group who will resolve the problem , i.e. to the Problem Solver . The Problem Solver 's name and today 's date should be added to the detailed description of the problem report , together with any scheduling and priority instructions
for other problems , [give] the computer-based problem report to the person within the computer group who will resolve the problem , i.e. to the problem solver . the problem solver 's name and today 's date should be added to the detailed description of the problem report , together with any scheduling and priority instructions

assign the problem report to the Computer Group Manager
[give] the problem report to the computer group manager

assign a report to another person
[give] a report to another person

assign a report locally
[give] a report locally

assign a report to another person
[give] a report to another person

assign a change reference number to the change request . The change reference number will subsequently by used to identify the change
[give] a change reference number to the change request . the change reference number will subsequently by used to identify the change

In addition , the system manager should be able to assign priorities for processor utilization when this is desirable .
in addition , the system manager should be able to [give] priorities for processor utilization when this is desirable .

Patrick smiled ruefully ; he was nineteen going on twenty — what right had he to assign motives to a woman ?
patrick smiled ruefully ; he was nineteen going on twenty — what right had he to [give] motives to a woman ?

Norm-referenced tests or examinations are particularly suitable for allocating pupils to particular classes or to assign grade levels , when there is not usually a need to describe knowledge and skills with any precision .
norm-referenced tests or examinations are particularly suitable for allocating pupils to particular classes or to [give] grade levels , when there is not usually a need to describe knowledge and skills with any precision .

We are tempted , perhaps , to associate them with what they are of , or what they represent , and hence to remove them from where they otherwise would seem to be , and hence to be lost for a location to which to assign them .
we are tempted , perhaps , to associate them with what they are of , or what they represent , and hence to remove them from where they otherwise would seem to be , and hence to be lost for a location to which to [give] them .

Referring to recent studies indicating that some people are particularly vulnerable to the effects of sleep disruption , the authors of this report suggested that work should be done to identify those doctors who are most at risk , in order to assign them to other duties .
referring to recent studies indicating that some people are particularly vulnerable to the effects of sleep disruption , the authors of this report suggested that work should be done to identify those doctors who are most at risk , in order to [give] them to other duties .

, but which may differ in the relative emphasis which they assign to certain specific factors or variables for explaining that behaviour .
, but which may differ in the relative emphasis which they [give] to certain specific factors or variables for explaining that behaviour .

perfect information ( the agent has true — or at least rational — beliefs on all relevant matters ; and , where an action may have several possible consequences , can assign a subjective probability to each ) ; and
perfect information ( the agent has true — or at least rational — beliefs on all relevant matters ; and , where an action may have several possible consequences , can [give] a subjective probability to each ) ; and

It is even just that we should assign a greater degree of responsibility to children , for madmen , by virtue of their lack of free will , are completely without responsibility , while children , insofar as they possess reason in a partially developed form , can be held responsible ( i.e .
it is even just that we should [give] a greater degree of responsibility to children , for madmen , by virtue of their lack of free will , are completely without responsibility , while children , insofar as they possess reason in a partially developed form , can be held responsible ( i.e .

In return , the supplier agrees to , or may assign his obligations to , buy goods or technology of equivalent value , from the purchaser or the purchaser 's country or state .
in return , the supplier agrees to , or may [give] his obligations to , buy goods or technology of equivalent value , from the purchaser or the purchaser 's country or state .

For both tests , data from control studies were used to derive 95 % confidence intervals for all points on the emptying curves for normal subjects , which were then used to assign normality or abnormality to the results of subsequent studies .
for both tests , data from control studies were used to derive 95 % confidence intervals for all points on the emptying curves for normal subjects , which were then used to [give] normality or abnormality to the results of subsequent studies .

When asked point-blank if the inquiry will examine 1980s events and assign liability , Foster told reporters , ‘ there is no intention to put any sort of difficulties in front of the commission .
when asked point-blank if the inquiry will examine 1980s events and [give] liability , foster told reporters , ‘ there is no intention to put any sort of difficulties in front of the commission .

In addition even if we could identify the decline in utility and the utility remaining we still have to assign some monetary amount to both parts .
in addition even if we could identify the decline in utility and the utility remaining we still have to [give] some monetary amount to both parts .

Similarly , if your device name is longer than 19 characters ( 20 with the colon ) , you need to assign a shorter name to it as a system-wide logical , or use a pseudo-device name .
similarly , if your device name is longer than 19 characters ( 20 with the colon ) , you need to [give] a shorter name to it as a system-wide logical , or use a pseudo-device name .

The first thing you must do is to assign any system-wide logical names required by the process , eg. pseudo-devices used for the process or storage directories , and all the logicals for all the storage directories known to the process .
the first thing you must do is to [give] any system-wide logical names required by the process , eg. pseudo-devices used for the process or storage directories , and all the logicals for all the storage directories known to the process .

You must have Project Administrator privilege to be able to assign roles to users using option 7.2.2 .
you must have project administrator privilege to be able to [give] roles to users using option 7.2.2 .

You must have Project Administrator privilege to assign or deassign roles to users using option 7.2.2 .
you must have project administrator privilege to [give] or deassign roles to users using option 7.2.2 .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the Accountant of Court a bond binding himself to lodge Accounts annually with the Accountant of Court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of Scotland ; to appear before the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the Court of Session for said purposes and to assign an address in Scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the accountant of court a bond binding himself to lodge accounts annually with the accountant of court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of scotland ; to appear before the lords of council and session in scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the court of session for said purposes and to [give] an address in scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

Some items of revenue and expense may be easy to assign to specific accounting periods but incomplete transactions raise problems .
some items of revenue and expense may be easy to [give] to specific accounting periods but incomplete transactions raise problems .

Miliutin and other committed reformers had hoped to assign peasants the areas they were working already , but in the event they lost about 20 per cent of the land they had been using .
miliutin and other committed reformers had hoped to [give] peasants the areas they were working already , but in the event they lost about 20 per cent of the land they had been using .

It is closely related to a longer version extant in four manuscripts three of which assign it to him .
it is closely related to a longer version extant in four manuscripts three of which [give] it to him .

The scheme uses a set of grade boundaries in order to assign posts to grades .
the scheme uses a set of grade boundaries in order to [give] posts to grades .

Having found this macro we want to assign it to an icon but this entails designing an appropriate one .
having found this macro we want to [give] it to an icon but this entails designing an appropriate one .

Once you come into contact with the other side you can drop down into command the individual tanks and engage in fast armoured conflict — the controls here do take some getting used to , although you can opt to assign either the driving or firing to the computer .
once you come into contact with the other side you can drop down into command the individual tanks and engage in fast armoured conflict — the controls here do take some getting used to , although you can opt to [give] either the driving or firing to the computer .

It is not possible to explain the vast structure of institutions to which we assign the name of property as the expression , the means of satisfaction , of man 's desire for physical objects .
it is not possible to explain the vast structure of institutions to which we [give] the name of property as the expression , the means of satisfaction , of man 's desire for physical objects .

This buffer is used to ‘ look ahead ’ at the data which will follow before making a decision about the parse to assign to the input .
this buffer is used to ‘ look ahead ’ at the data which will follow before making a decision about the parse to [give] to the input .

It would be beneficial to know the ‘ best ’ grammatical category for any particular word when attempting to determine the probable parse to assign to a sequence of words .
it would be beneficial to know the ‘ best ’ grammatical category for any particular word when attempting to determine the probable parse to [give] to a sequence of words .

The problem with using incomplete data is that should a transition occur that was absent from the training corpus then the model would assert that such a transition was impossible , assign zero probability and produce errors .
the problem with using incomplete data is that should a transition occur that was absent from the training corpus then the model would assert that such a transition was impossible , [give] zero probability and produce errors .

The computer must have some basis for assigning indexing terms ; if a pre-assigned list of terms is not supplied , the computer itself must assign terms on the basis of those present in the document being indexed .
the computer must have some basis for assigning indexing terms ; if a pre-assigned list of terms is not supplied , the computer itself must [give] terms on the basis of those present in the document being indexed .

From the point of view of a science of politics classification can be seen as an elementary form of theory construction which involves the kind of generalization required in order to assign phenomena to particular classes .
from the point of view of a science of politics classification can be seen as an elementary form of theory construction which involves the kind of generalization required in order to [give] phenomena to particular classes .

Returning to the expected tetrahedral form , we can assign the polarized Raman bands to three of the four expected a 1 modes .
returning to the expected tetrahedral form , we can [give] the polarized raman bands to three of the four expected a 1 modes .

The important question , though , is not so much whether such features are or are not objectively present , but what significance and function one should assign to them if they are .
the important question , though , is not so much whether such features are or are not objectively present , but what significance and function one should [give] to them if they are .

Both , as we have already seen , propose definitions of the specifically literary or poetic properties of texts , definitions which assign a dominant role to language , and which treat the relationship between text and author and text and reality as only secondary considerations .
both , as we have already seen , propose definitions of the specifically literary or poetic properties of texts , definitions which [give] a dominant role to language , and which treat the relationship between text and author and text and reality as only secondary considerations .

the structural engineer 's design drawings did not clearly assign design responsibility to the steel fabricator
the structural engineer 's design drawings did not clearly [give] design responsibility to the steel fabricator

The first process in scoring the data was to assign descriptions to particular junctions , this was done by the experimenter .
the first process in scoring the data was to [give] descriptions to particular junctions , this was done by the experimenter .

Sonar contacts were then photographed in order that the Commission could assign recovery priorities .
sonar contacts were then photographed in order that the commission could [give] recovery priorities .

If we say that such-and-such a group of words are the `` subject `` or that some other group of words are the `` predicate `` in a copular verb phrase , we are , by such observations , recognizing the speaker 's intention to construct expressions which will identify certain properties and entities , and to assign some of the former to one of the latter , so as to let an audience know what entities are under attention and which properties are claimed to hold for which entities ; we take this to be the essence of what goes on in the use and understanding of linguistic expression ( whatever the purpose to which individual acts of communication are directed ) .
if we say that such-and-such a group of words are the `` subject `` or that some other group of words are the `` predicate `` in a copular verb phrase , we are , by such observations , recognizing the speaker 's intention to construct expressions which will identify certain properties and entities , and to [give] some of the former to one of the latter , so as to let an audience know what entities are under attention and which properties are claimed to hold for which entities ; we take this to be the essence of what goes on in the use and understanding of linguistic expression ( whatever the purpose to which individual acts of communication are directed ) .

( As specified in Chapter 1 , we shall normally use assign to mean assign the relation of qualification , although it is also possible to assign the relation of equation . )
( as specified in chapter 1 , we shall normally use [give] to mean [give] the relation of qualification , although it is also possible to [give] the relation of equation . )

Moreover , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not assign their property to the entity identified by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in Chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .
moreover , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not [give] their property to the entity identified by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .

But if it is desirable to assign a property to an entity , then that will far more frequently , although not invariably , be needed precisely when the property is not an inherent quality of the entity in question ; further , this will especially be so when the property is tied to some particular event — hence the high incidence of present and past participles among postnominals .
but if it is desirable to [give] a property to an entity , then that will far more frequently , although not invariably , be needed precisely when the property is not an inherent quality of the entity in question ; further , this will especially be so when the property is tied to some particular event — hence the high incidence of present and past participles among postnominals .

There , too , one can assign a co-ordination of properties , as in ( 44 ) , or a single complex property , ( 45 ) , but it is simply taken for granted that one does not produce grammatical monstrosities such as ( 46 ) and ( 47 ) with , respectively , simultaneous and successive ( but in neither case co-ordinated ) assignment of different properties .
there , too , one can [give] a co-ordination of properties , as in ( 44 ) , or a single complex property , ( 45 ) , but it is simply taken for granted that one does not produce grammatical monstrosities such as ( 46 ) and ( 47 ) with , respectively , simultaneous and successive ( but in neither case co-ordinated ) assignment of different properties .

The unacceptability of ( 29 ) , however , exists because the structure purports to assign very to the entity behind man , but the meaning of very demands assignment to the , and the notion of using predicative position to assign a property to a subordinate part of the subject phrase ( the definite article ) is altogether alien to English ( and probably to any other language ) .
the unacceptability of ( 29 ) , however , exists because the structure purports to [give] very to the entity behind man , but the meaning of very demands assignment to the , and the notion of using predicative position to [give] a property to a subordinate part of the subject phrase ( the definite article ) is altogether alien to english ( and probably to any other language ) .

When a thesis receives one citation in each of five separate years , it is impossible to assign a peak .
when a thesis receives one citation in each of five separate years , it is impossible to [give] a peak .

Gender ideologies also assign to women a primary role as carers of the sick , disabled and elderly .
gender ideologies also [give] to women a primary role as carers of the sick , disabled and elderly .

He could sell on the term ( as lawyers say , `` assign `` it ) .
he could sell on the term ( as lawyers say , `` [give] `` it ) .

Covenants not to assign or sublet
covenants not to [give] or sublet

Leases frequently include express covenants restricting the right of the tenant to assign or sublet the property .
leases frequently include express covenants restricting the right of the tenant to [give] or sublet the property .

These covenants may be : ( a ) absolute — where the tenant agrees not to assign or sublet at all ; or ( b ) qualified — where the tenant may only assign or sublet with the consent of the landlord ; or ( c ) fully qualified — as in ( b ) but the landlord may not withhold consent unreasonably .
these covenants may be : ( a ) absolute — where the tenant agrees not to [give] or sublet at all ; or ( b ) qualified — where the tenant may only [give] or sublet with the consent of the landlord ; or ( c ) fully qualified — as in ( b ) but the landlord may not withhold consent unreasonably .

Provisions as to covenants not to assign , etc. , without licence or consent
provisions as to covenants not to [give] , etc. , without licence or consent

141 made a number of recommendations with respect to covenants in leases which place restrictions upon a tenant 's ability to assign or sublet .
141 made a number of recommendations with respect to covenants in leases which place restrictions upon a tenant 's ability to [give] or sublet .

What this appeal is concerned with , however , is only the landlord 's obligation to repay once the lease has expired without breach of covenant , there being neither any obligation on the original landlord to pay over the amount of the deposit to an assignee of the reversion nor any obligation on the original tenant to assign to an assignee of the term his contractual right to receive back the amount of the deposit when and if the condition for its repayment is fulfilled …
what this appeal is concerned with , however , is only the landlord 's obligation to repay once the lease has expired without breach of covenant , there being neither any obligation on the original landlord to pay over the amount of the deposit to an assignee of the reversion nor any obligation on the original tenant to [give] to an assignee of the term his contractual right to receive back the amount of the deposit when and if the condition for its repayment is fulfilled …

More recently , it has been made clear that breach of a covenant not to assign or sublet is similarly irremediable .
more recently , it has been made clear that breach of a covenant not to [give] or sublet is similarly irremediable .

Licensees of software should not assign or transfer their rights if the licence agreement prohibits this .
licensees of software should not [give] or transfer their rights if the licence agreement prohibits this .

We are arrested , fascinated , by a convulsion of sound to which we are unable to assign a meaning .
we are arrested , fascinated , by a convulsion of sound to which we are unable to [give] a meaning .

Note We will make payments as stated above provided ( a ) the injured clients notify us of any claim for personal injury within 3 months of their return from holiday ; ( b ) they assign to Horizon Holidays Ltd. any rights against a supplier or any other person or party they may have relating to the claim ; and ( c ) they agree to co-operate fully with us should we or our insurers wish to enforce those rights which have been assigned to us or to which we are subrogated .
note we will make payments as stated above provided ( a ) the injured clients notify us of any claim for personal injury within 3 months of their return from holiday ; ( b ) they [give] to horizon holidays ltd. any rights against a supplier or any other person or party they may have relating to the claim ; and ( c ) they agree to co-operate fully with us should we or our insurers wish to enforce those rights which have been assigned to us or to which we are subrogated .

They may , for instance , assign the proceeds of a Credit to the bank to gain an increase in overdraft facilities or an exporter will ask his bank to issue a Credit to his supplier — an arrangement known as a ‘ Back-to-Back ’ Credit .
they may , for instance , [give] the proceeds of a credit to the bank to gain an increase in overdraft facilities or an exporter will ask his bank to issue a credit to his supplier — an arrangement known as a ‘ back-to-back ’ credit .

This means that you must agree to assign that part of your rights to us and we will be subrogated to those rights .
this means that you must agree to [give] that part of your rights to us and we will be subrogated to those rights .

Certain plants have Gaelic names which assign particular qualities to them , such as ‘ the beer plant ’ , which is commonly known as hop ( s ) ( Humulus lupulus ) .
certain plants have gaelic names which [give] particular qualities to them , such as ‘ the beer plant ’ , which is commonly known as hop ( s ) ( humulus lupulus ) .

One final aspect on the redemption was the slow realisation that bondholders could still to enjoy perpetual free membership after redemption and assign it in accordance with the rules .
one final aspect on the redemption was the slow realisation that bondholders could still to enjoy perpetual free membership after redemption and [give] it in accordance with the rules .

’ Given that there is little sign in early 1930s films of political comment disguised as fantasy or allegory , it is reasonable to assign limitations of these pictures more to filmmakers ' sensibilities than censors ' rules .
’ given that there is little sign in early 1930s films of political comment disguised as fantasy or allegory , it is reasonable to [give] limitations of these pictures more to filmmakers ' sensibilities than censors ' rules .

But Roman catholic adoption agencies , the source for the majority of children awaiting adoption , are not obliged to assign baptized Roman catholic children to such couples , and whether they do or not is not a matter of public knowledge .
but roman catholic adoption agencies , the source for the majority of children awaiting adoption , are not obliged to [give] baptized roman catholic children to such couples , and whether they do or not is not a matter of public knowledge .

Assign clear responsibility and provide appropriate resources .
[give] clear responsibility and provide appropriate resources .

Head office managers often rely on obtaining information in face-to-face discussions with subordinates , and will happily assign large sums of money to travel budgets in order for meetings with executives abroad to take place .
head office managers often rely on obtaining information in face-to-face discussions with subordinates , and will happily [give] large sums of money to travel budgets in order for meetings with executives abroad to take place .

Thus evidence of glacial and interglacial periods , such as the type of flora and fauna present , can sometimes be used to assign a sequence to events , but , as with any relative dating technique , events are only set in order .
thus evidence of glacial and interglacial periods , such as the type of flora and fauna present , can sometimes be used to [give] a sequence to events , but , as with any relative dating technique , events are only set in order .

To assign them to a calendar scale and determine the sizes of the intervals between them requires absolute dating methods , such as those described above or those based on radioactive decay .
to [give] them to a calendar scale and determine the sizes of the intervals between them requires absolute dating methods , such as those described above or those based on radioactive decay .

There are those who wish to mechanise man and to assign pain to the operation of a specific Cartesian mechanism whose job is to detect injury and inevitably provoke the pain response .
there are those who wish to mechanise man and to [give] pain to the operation of a specific cartesian mechanism whose job is to detect injury and inevitably provoke the pain response .

… watching vigilantly the movements of all suspicious persons who pass through his beat … If it be at an untimely hour , or if they fail to assign a proper reason for being in a place , he is to arrest them … showing bad characters that they are known and watched by him … their habits will point them out without further ado … For the purpose of seeing whether his suspicions are well-founded , he may … stop any person carrying goods which he suspects to have been stolen , he may also examine the person and detain him .
… watching vigilantly the movements of all suspicious persons who pass through his beat … if it be at an untimely hour , or if they fail to [give] a proper reason for being in a place , he is to arrest them … showing bad characters that they are known and watched by him … their habits will point them out without further ado … for the purpose of seeing whether his suspicions are well-founded , he may … stop any person carrying goods which he suspects to have been stolen , he may also examine the person and detain him .

They decided to assign all these assets to five of their number as Trustees for Sale .
they decided to [give] all these assets to five of their number as trustees for sale .

But the misery of those who could not obtain their release , either honestly or dishonestly , by appearing before an Insolvent Debtors Court and agreeing to assign their property , still drew sympathy . The debtor might have been reduced to his inability to satisfy his creditor , asserted Thomas Foxwell Buxton ,
but the misery of those who could not obtain their release , either honestly or dishonestly , by appearing before an insolvent debtors court and agreeing to [give] their property , still drew sympathy . the debtor might have been reduced to his inability to satisfy his creditor , asserted thomas foxwell buxton ,

First , it means that there must be some form of cost/benefit analysis , however distasteful it is to assign money values to life or ill-health .
first , it means that there must be some form of cost/benefit analysis , however distasteful it is to [give] money values to life or ill-health .

It is obvious that there can be many branches that have to be studied , but if we assign probabilities of success or failure , not only can event-trees define possible accident sequences that can release radioactivity into the environment , but they also enable us to calculate the probability for each sequence , and the associated risk .
it is obvious that there can be many branches that have to be studied , but if we [give] probabilities of success or failure , not only can event-trees define possible accident sequences that can release radioactivity into the environment , but they also enable us to calculate the probability for each sequence , and the associated risk .

These programs have to accommodate conservatively any uncertainties in data , and then assign an overall value of uncertainty to the probability of the system failure .
these programs have to accommodate conservatively any uncertainties in data , and then [give] an overall value of uncertainty to the probability of the system failure .

Whatever may have been the cause of that allegiance to the ‘ gods ’ of their beliefs , does not really matter , for the teachings of all of them contain items aide wisdom which are available to all humanity , and can be used to provide further units of ‘ goodness ’ for the minds of men to assign to the store which is the Created God .
whatever may have been the cause of that allegiance to the ‘ gods ’ of their beliefs , does not really matter , for the teachings of all of them contain items aide wisdom which are available to all humanity , and can be used to provide further units of ‘ goodness ’ for the minds of men to [give] to the store which is the created god .

Few were noted as making prolonged stays and it is difficult to assign any particular record as a wintering or passage bird .
few were noted as making prolonged stays and it is difficult to [give] any particular record as a wintering or passage bird .

These reasons do not justify the righteous role which they assign to the avenging vigilante .
these reasons do not justify the righteous role which they [give] to the avenging vigilante .

When adults control children ’ s games , place heavy pressure on them to win , and assign them to speciﬁc roles so they lose the opportunity to experiment with rules and strategies , then the arguments of critics are valid .
when adults control children ’ s games , place heavy pressure on them to win , and [give] them to speciﬁc roles so they lose the opportunity to experiment with rules and strategies , then the arguments of critics are valid .

Figuring out how to assign products to plants rests on two findings explored in this chapter .
figuring out how to [give] products to plants rests on two findings explored in this chapter .

Consequently it was easy to assign unexplainable natural phenomena to the work of witches , and these beliefs have persisted over hundreds of years .
consequently it was easy to [give] unexplainable natural phenomena to the work of witches , and these beliefs have persisted over hundreds of years .

The deepest one can go into the chaotic regime is to assign at random the successor state for each state .
the deepest one can go into the chaotic regime is to [give] at random the successor state for each state .

To study the generic features of such systems , I assign , once and for all , a random “ fitness contribution ” to each of the to the ( K + ) combinations of allele states aecting each of the N genes .
to study the generic features of such systems , i [give] , once and for all , a random “ fitness contribution ” to each of the to the ( k + ) combinations of allele states aecting each of the n genes .

It seems fully legitimate to assign the concepts of sign , signified , and significans to the genetic code .
it seems fully legitimate to [give] the concepts of sign , signified , and significans to the genetic code .

For each pathway , there is a well-defined procedure to assign an “ action. ” This action can be thought of as having an amplitude and a phase , and the phase rotates through a full circle , pi , many times along the pathway .
for each pathway , there is a well-defined procedure to [give] an “ action. ” this action can be thought of as having an amplitude and a phase , and the phase rotates through a full circle , pi , many times along the pathway .

Each spin network in each gamma ring represents a specific geometry , subject to the constraint that two spin network tetrahedra that share one triangular face must assign the same spin labels to the common edges , hence , the same area to the common face .
each spin network in each gamma ring represents a specific geometry , subject to the constraint that two spin network tetrahedra that share one triangular face must [give] the same spin labels to the common edges , hence , the same area to the common face .

The allocation base used to assign a cost to objects is not necessarily the cause of the cost .
the allocation base used to [give] a cost to objects is not necessarily the cause of the cost .

TRACEABILITY - The ability to assign a cost directly to a specific activity or cost object by identifying or observing specific resources consumed by the activity or cost object .
traceability - the ability to [give] a cost directly to a specific activity or cost object by identifying or observing specific resources consumed by the activity or cost object .

Because the various regulations , forms , and rules that are being amended by this rulemaking already possessed OMB control numbers , OMB did not assign new control numbers .
because the various regulations , forms , and rules that are being amended by this rulemaking already possessed omb control numbers , omb did not [give] new control numbers .

Those vital few measures should cover the key performance dimensions that will enable an organization to assess accomplishments , make decisions , realign processes , and assign accountability .
those vital few measures should cover the key performance dimensions that will enable an organization to assess accomplishments , make decisions , realign processes , and [give] accountability .

Agency policy must assign accountability for recording and maintaining T & A data referred to in the previous section .
agency policy must [give] accountability for recording and maintaining t & a data referred to in the previous section .

It provides managers flexibility to assign employees in a manner that is more suitable to multi-tasking and the full use of staff .
it provides managers flexibility to [give] employees in a manner that is more suitable to multi-tasking and the full use of staff .

While the analysis states that EPA is confident of the cost figures included in the analysis , an estimation of the benefits is more difficult because of EPA 's inability to quantitatively evaluate all human and ecosystem benefits and to assign monetary values to these benefits for a comparison in a standard cost-benefit framework .
while the analysis states that epa is confident of the cost figures included in the analysis , an estimation of the benefits is more difficult because of epa 's inability to quantitatively evaluate all human and ecosystem benefits and to [give] monetary values to these benefits for a comparison in a standard cost-benefit framework .

Among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level audit follow-up official , ( 2 ) maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) assign a high priority to following up on audit recommendations .
among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level audit follow-up official , ( 2 ) maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) [give] a high priority to following up on audit recommendations .

Viewing information and technology not just as assets to manage , these CEOs assign their information technology and management leaders a prominent role in business decision making .
viewing information and technology not just as assets to manage , these ceos [give] their information technology and management leaders a prominent role in business decision making .

They produce plans that link to overall business plans and assign managers to act as liaisons between business units and CIO organizations .
they produce plans that link to overall business plans and [give] managers to act as liaisons between business units and cio organizations .

The weight that senior executives assign to each of these criteria in selecting a CIO depends on the information management leadership model and the needs of the enterprise .
the weight that senior executives [give] to each of these criteria in selecting a cio depends on the information management leadership model and the needs of the enterprise .

The directive also provided that where incidents are `` so multifaceted that no one agency immediately stands out as the Incident Commander , OEM will assign the role of Incident Commander to an agency as the situation demands . ''
the directive also provided that where incidents are `` so multifaceted that no one agency immediately stands out as the incident commander , oem will [give] the role of incident commander to an agency as the situation demands . ''

Prior to 9/11 , the special agent in charge was in general free to set his or her office 's priorities and assign personnel accordingly .
prior to 9/11 , the special agent in charge was in general free to set his or her office 's priorities and [give] personnel accordingly .

In each of our examples , no one was firmly in charge of managing the case and able to draw relevant intelligence from anywhere in the government , assign responsibilities across the agencies ( foreign or domestic ) , track progress , and quickly bring obstacles up to the level where they could be resolved .
in each of our examples , no one was firmly in charge of managing the case and able to draw relevant intelligence from anywhere in the government , [give] responsibilities across the agencies ( foreign or domestic ) , track progress , and quickly bring obstacles up to the level where they could be resolved .

The plans would assign operational responsibilities to lead agencies , such as State , the CIA , the FBI , Defense and its combatant commands , Homeland Security , and other agencies .
the plans would [give] operational responsibilities to lead agencies , such as state , the cia , the fbi , defense and its combatant commands , homeland security , and other agencies .

Then they assign personnel and units to the joint combatant commander , like the commanding general of the Central Command ( CENTCOM ) .
then they [give] personnel and units to the joint combatant commander , like the commanding general of the central command ( centcom ) .

Thus , like any powerful bureaucrat defending his domain , Hambali objected when al Qaeda leadership tried to assign JI members to terrorist projects without notifying him .
thus , like any powerful bureaucrat defending his domain , hambali objected when al qaeda leadership tried to [give] ji members to terrorist projects without notifying him .

Our aim has not been to assign individual blame .
our aim has not been to [give] individual blame .

The plan should assign roles and missions to the relevant authorities ( federal , state , regional , and local ) and to private stakeholders .
the plan should [give] roles and missions to the relevant authorities ( federal , state , regional , and local ) and to private stakeholders .

That is , we shuffle the dates/times and assign them to the original set of case locations , ensuring that both the spatial and temporal marginals are unchanged .
that is , we shuffle the dates/times and [give] them to the original set of case locations , ensuring that both the spatial and temporal marginals are unchanged .

Wheatstone insisted that the images in the each eye had identifiable landmarks that were combined to assign depth to the landmarks .
wheatstone insisted that the images in the each eye had identifiable landmarks that were combined to [give] depth to the landmarks .

Put simply , the intent of DNA barcoding is to use large-scale screening of one or a few reference genes in order to ( i ) assign unknown individuals to species , and ( ii ) enhance discovery of new species ( Hebert et al .
put simply , the intent of dna barcoding is to use large-scale screening of one or a few reference genes in order to ( i ) [give] unknown individuals to species , and ( ii ) enhance discovery of new species ( hebert et al .

In practice , academic authors typically assign full copyrights to their articles to the publishers of the journals in which the works appear .
in practice , academic authors typically [give] full copyrights to their articles to the publishers of the journals in which the works appear .

The brain may assign more or less attention energy , ranking by importance or immediacy or proximity or some other order -- or not .
the brain may [give] more or less attention energy , ranking by importance or immediacy or proximity or some other order -- or not .

Not only did Dr. Diink cancel his appearance , but the hospital also invited talks by adult survivors of early childhood surgery intended to assign an infant to one gender or the other .
not only did dr. diink cancel his appearance , but the hospital also invited talks by adult survivors of early childhood surgery intended to [give] an infant to one gender or the other .

If we assume that almost everyone derives the same amount of pleasure from a given piece of cake , then the amount of cake you will eat depends upon how much `` utility '' you assign to your life in the future .
if we assume that almost everyone derives the same amount of pleasure from a given piece of cake , then the amount of cake you will eat depends upon how much `` utility '' you [give] to your life in the future .

The key issue is American 's plan to assign more flights to lower-paid commuter-airline pilots .
the key issue is american 's plan to [give] more flights to lower-paid commuter-airline pilots .

The inability to distinguish Mary from Jane makes it harder to assign them to appropriate tasks .
the inability to distinguish mary from jane makes it harder to [give] them to appropriate tasks .

Partly , it 's because colleges do n't assign grades .
partly , it 's because colleges do n't [give] grades .

Professors assign grades , and professors face perverse incentives .
professors [give] grades , and professors face perverse incentives .

Second , the dean 's office could assign each professor a `` grade budget '' consisting of a certain number of A 's , B 's , etc .
second , the dean 's office could [give] each professor a `` grade budget '' consisting of a certain number of a 's , b 's , etc .

It 's not stretching to assign Donald Trump to the Northern progressive camp .
it 's not stretching to [give] donald trump to the northern progressive camp .

It is ludicrous to suggest , as Landsburg does in his Mary and Jane example , that employers assign tasks and corresponding salaries based on grades .
it is ludicrous to suggest , as landsburg does in his mary and jane example , that employers [give] tasks and corresponding salaries based on grades .

What value you assign to this story depends on how valid you think Reich 's policy is .
what value you [give] to this story depends on how valid you think reich 's policy is .

It does it the old-fashioned way , hiring people to look at each site and assign it an abstract and one or more categories .
it does it the old-fashioned way , hiring people to look at each site and [give] it an abstract and one or more categories .

Chatterbox ca n't know , of course , how the Sorting Hat would assign the current candidates in the Democratic and Republican primary races , but in the spirit of political punditry offers the following prediction :
chatterbox ca n't know , of course , how the sorting hat would [give] the current candidates in the democratic and republican primary races , but in the spirit of political punditry offers the following prediction :

If I were certified insane , I might want the government to assign a guardian who would act to protect my reproductive rights , as I would not have the mental faculties do so myself .
if i were certified insane , i might want the government to [give] a guardian who would act to protect my reproductive rights , as i would not have the mental faculties do so myself .

The Brookings study Jodie T. Allen cites in `` Killer Air Bags '' calls , at least implicitly , for us to assign a value to our time , and to use that to determine the value of the total time we spend buckling up .
the brookings study jodie t. allen cites in `` killer air bags '' calls , at least implicitly , for us to [give] a value to our time , and to use that to determine the value of the total time we spend buckling up .

Why did n't the Post assign this at least the same priority as such front-pagers as organic school lunches and a summer camp for women ?
why did n't the post [give] this at least the same priority as such front-pagers as organic school lunches and a summer camp for women ?

My wife , who is a schoolteacher , has developed an insatiable appetite for young-adult historical fiction quite independent of the professional requirements of keeping up with what her students are reading , finding new texts to assign , and so forth .
my wife , who is a schoolteacher , has developed an insatiable appetite for young-adult historical fiction quite independent of the professional requirements of keeping up with what her students are reading , finding new texts to [give] , and so forth .

This created a predictable ( and justified ) uproar at the paper , which caused the publisher , Kathryn Downing , to apologize and mumble some nonsense about how she was unfamiliar with newspaper etiquette , which encouraged reporters and editors at the paper to push editor Michael Parks to assign a story about the whole fiasco , which he eventually did ( to David Shaw , the paper 's Pulitzer-winning media critic ) .
this created a predictable ( and justified ) uproar at the paper , which caused the publisher , kathryn downing , to apologize and mumble some nonsense about how she was unfamiliar with newspaper etiquette , which encouraged reporters and editors at the paper to push editor michael parks to [give] a story about the whole fiasco , which he eventually did ( to david shaw , the paper 's pulitzer-winning media critic ) .

State regulators will determine the level to which pollution must be reduced in a body of water and then assign quotas to individual polluters .
state regulators will determine the level to which pollution must be reduced in a body of water and then [give] quotas to individual polluters .

The heroine of Lucy rejects the meek role that life tries to assign her , announcing , `` I wanted to have a powerful odor and would not care if it gave offense . ''
the heroine of lucy rejects the meek role that life tries to [give] her , announcing , `` i wanted to have a powerful odor and would not care if it gave offense . ''

Kinsey 's assignment of `` 0 '' to the exclusively heterosexual and `` 6 '' to the exclusively homosexual in his famous scale leads Jones to comment : `` [ H ] ow interesting that he should assign this [ heterosexuality ] no value . ''
kinsey 's assignment of `` 0 '' to the exclusively heterosexual and `` 6 '' to the exclusively homosexual in his famous scale leads jones to comment : `` [ h ] ow interesting that he should [give] this [ heterosexuality ] no value . ''

An article contends that Tony Blair 's legislative proposals ( to adopt a bill of rights , abolish hereditary rights in the House of Lords , impose proportional representation , assign interest-rate control to a central bank , and establish parliaments for Scotland and Wales ) will change Britain as much as Thatcherism did .
an article contends that tony blair 's legislative proposals ( to adopt a bill of rights , abolish hereditary rights in the house of lords , impose proportional representation , [give] interest-rate control to a central bank , and establish parliaments for scotland and wales ) will change britain as much as thatcherism did .

What is more , the insider-driven process of privatization -- in which state assets were in effect distributed to political supporters , much as a medieval king might assign dukedoms to his lieutenants -- has led to highly concentrated ownership of these resources .
what is more , the insider-driven process of privatization -- in which state assets were in effect distributed to political supporters , much as a medieval king might [give] dukedoms to his lieutenants -- has led to highly concentrated ownership of these resources .

They could certainly print the same ones verbatim every year , but instead they assign some poor beleaguered writer to dress them up by adding a few expressions from rap records .
they could certainly print the same ones verbatim every year , but instead they [give] some poor beleaguered writer to dress them up by adding a few expressions from rap records .

These stories particularly reveal Ellison 's concerns with the individual 's complex confrontation with his society and his group , and the way they assign him roles and identities .
these stories particularly reveal ellison 's concerns with the individual 's complex confrontation with his society and his group , and the way they [give] him roles and identities .

You suggest that public schools assign more than private schools .
you suggest that public schools [give] more than private schools .

In my experience , there are private schools that assign a lot and private schools that assign a little , and likewise with the public schools .
in my experience , there are private schools that [give] a lot and private schools that [give] a little , and likewise with the public schools .

All but one of Yardeni 's `` great or terrible '' ratings fall in the `` great '' category ; the only movie Yardeni appears to have outright hated in recent years was Boogie Nights , * a film that Chatterbox would assign at least one plus sign .
all but one of yardeni 's `` great or terrible '' ratings fall in the `` great '' category ; the only movie yardeni appears to have outright hated in recent years was boogie nights , * a film that chatterbox would [give] at least one plus sign .

Either jurors are capable of deciding how much weight to assign a given bit of evidence or they 're not .
either jurors are capable of deciding how much weight to [give] a given bit of evidence or they 're not .

There 's obviously nothing close to a consensus on how to assign rights to the unborn , so we can hardly hope for a consensus on how to assign rights to the unconceived .
there 's obviously nothing close to a consensus on how to [give] rights to the unborn , so we can hardly hope for a consensus on how to [give] rights to the unconceived .

Others tow all cars within a one-mile radius , weld closed all manhole covers , remove all trash cans , lock all mailboxes , and assign 7,000 cops to the scene , while denying the existence of any specific threat .
others tow all cars within a one-mile radius , weld closed all manhole covers , remove all trash cans , lock all mailboxes , and [give] 7,000 cops to the scene , while denying the existence of any specific threat .

The nonbinding resolution backing President Clinton 's plan to assign 4,000 soldiers to a peacekeeping force passed 219-191 .
the nonbinding resolution backing president clinton 's plan to [give] 4,000 soldiers to a peacekeeping force passed 219-191 .

Kutchins and Kirk appear to believe that attaching diagnoses to victims must necessarily be in the service of evil conservatism , but pathologizing misfortune is a technique more often employed by the left than the right -- by those , that is to say , who want to mitigate responsibility by drawing attention to its causes , rather than those who want to assign blame .
kutchins and kirk appear to believe that attaching diagnoses to victims must necessarily be in the service of evil conservatism , but pathologizing misfortune is a technique more often employed by the left than the right -- by those , that is to say , who want to mitigate responsibility by drawing attention to its causes , rather than those who want to [give] blame .

That 's paltry besides the WP 's 4,000-word front-page effort on the same subject , to which the paper saw fit to assign 14 staffers .
that 's paltry besides the wp 's 4,000-word front-page effort on the same subject , to which the paper saw fit to [give] 14 staffers .

The basic tool of statistical social science in general , and of The Bell Curve in particular , is regression analysis , a technique used to assign weights to various factors ( called `` independent variables '' ) in determining a final outcome ( called the `` dependent variable '' ) .
the basic tool of statistical social science in general , and of the bell curve in particular , is regression analysis , a technique used to [give] weights to various factors ( called `` independent variables '' ) in determining a final outcome ( called the `` dependent variable '' ) .

AOL enlists 14,000 volunteers patrollers who delete 'offensive ' messages from chat rooms and message boards and assign demerits to their authors .
aol enlists 14,000 volunteers patrollers who delete 'offensive ' messages from chat rooms and message boards and [give] demerits to their authors .

The New York Times leads with the Clinton administration 's plan to implement a congressional requirement to assign every American an electronic health identifier code containing his/her complete medical history .
the new york times leads with the clinton administration 's plan to implement a congressional requirement to [give] every american an electronic health identifier code containing his/her complete medical history .

The symbols of any writing system have whatever phonetic value its users agree to assign to them , convention and consensus playing a major role .
the symbols of any writing system have whatever phonetic value its users agree to [give] to them , convention and consensus playing a major role .

In Tolkien 's case it is self-evident that his Lord of the Rings trilogy is a work of fiction , and non-Moromons would probably assign the Book of Mormon to the same category ; but faithful Mormons take its truth seriously ( whether strictly historical on one end of a spectrum to mythologically symbolic on the other end ) , albeit of faith .
in tolkien 's case it is self-evident that his lord of the rings trilogy is a work of fiction , and non-moromons would probably [give] the book of mormon to the same category ; but faithful mormons take its truth seriously ( whether strictly historical on one end of a spectrum to mythologically symbolic on the other end ) , albeit of faith .

Fortunate , too , are those who were given the opportunities of being exposed to teachers who were not too busy or lazy to assign weekly essays and to mark them for style as well as for grammar and mechanics .
fortunate , too , are those who were given the opportunities of being exposed to teachers who were not too busy or lazy to [give] weekly essays and to mark them for style as well as for grammar and mechanics .

When it comes to dictionaries , editors appear to consider them fair game for almost anyone , and they often assign novelists to write the review .
when it comes to dictionaries , editors appear to consider them fair game for almost anyone , and they often [give] novelists to write the review .

Gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt Arabic names or names like Franklin D. Roosevelt Jones might be named Kelly or Murphy , Jews born as Greenberg change their name to Monteverdi or Vermont , Hirsch to Cerf , and so forth , and people with Slavic and Italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , Kovalsky instead of Kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that Modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , Anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that Castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the Polish name Zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ Say , Jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress Signe Hasso as well as words like sign , assign , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always articulated .
gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt arabic names or names like franklin d. roosevelt jones might be named kelly or murphy , jews born as greenberg change their name to monteverdi or vermont , hirsch to cerf , and so forth , and people with slavic and italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , kovalsky instead of kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the polish name zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ say , jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress signe hasso as well as words like sign , [give] , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always articulated .

