# given or gave

About half of all Peace Corps projects assigned to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups , according to an official of the corps .
about half of all peace corps projects [given] to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups , according to an official of the corps .

$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites .
$15,000 to pay six policemen [given] as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites .

The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .
the importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily [given] to it .

Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries .
scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in nature , or [given] arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in china for many centuries .

Use a textbook with assigned readings each week .
use a textbook with [given] readings each week .

Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? ?
can part-time drivers be [given] to other productive work ? ?

Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education .
personnel [given] through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to outdoor education .

Tradition has assigned medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids , aromatic oils , and highly flavored components .
tradition has [given] medicinal values to seeds because of their alkaloids , aromatic oils , and highly flavored components .

He asked the government for two hundred soldiers , who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and disloyal Indians .
he asked the government for two hundred soldiers , who were to be specifically [given] to arrest english traders and disloyal indians .

Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled Hot Nocturne .
early in 1941 they were [given] to a script titled hot nocturne .

One day he assigned me to lay bare a `` plot '' by the Duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in Cuba .
one day he [given] me to lay bare a `` plot '' by the duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in cuba .

Taking a personal interest , she had the doctor assigned to the White House , Dr. James Coupal , look Emmett over .
taking a personal interest , she had the doctor [given] to the white house , dr. james coupal , look emmett over .

Such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World Citizen Jean Babel waved adieu from the `` Line '' ! !
such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police [given] to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the strasbourg hospital while world citizen jean babel waved adieu from the `` line '' ! !

That he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied carefulness is evident from his notes , which are often so full that they provide an unquestionable basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature .
that he read some of the books [given] to him with a studied carefulness is evident from his notes , which are often so full that they provide an unquestionable basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature .

Milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor , proctor , master , or other mighty hand .
milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be [given] to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor , proctor , master , or other mighty hand .

He evidently earned the place assigned him .
he evidently earned the place [given] him .

Prior to 1942 , automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned .
prior to 1942 , automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which [given] .

Accordingly , the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .
accordingly , the commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has [given] different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .

Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant Class 1 , -- A or Class 1 , -- B clear-channel stations , designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances , being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective .
some 45 frequencies are [given] for use primarily by dominant class 1 , -- a or class 1 , -- b clear-channel stations , designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances , being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective .

With respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and assigned for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations operating generally with lower power .
with respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and [given] for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations operating generally with lower power .

During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
during nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are [given] is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .

Similarly , on the regional channels many class 3 , stations have been assigned either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional antennas and/or lower power .
similarly , on the regional channels many class 3 , stations have been [given] either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional antennas and/or lower power .

It is interesting that a 1 : 1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils , so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent .
it is interesting that a 1 : 1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils , so that in a sense a unique image can actually be [given] to each tangent .

However , the statistical offices of both governments were assigned responsibility for the planning and analysis of these statistics .
however , the statistical offices of both governments were [given] responsibility for the planning and analysis of these statistics .

The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence .
the first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell [given] to the form of each occurrence .

If cell Af has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of Af .
if cell af has not previously been [given] as the information cell of a form in the text-form list , it is now [given] as the information cell of af .

If Af was assigned as the information cell for Af , the routine can detect that Af is identical to Af by comparing Af with the form stored at location Af .
if af was [given] as the information cell for af , the routine can detect that af is identical to af by comparing af with the form stored at location af .

The cell Af becomes the second information cell in the chain and is assigned as the information cell of Af .
the cell af becomes the second information cell in the chain and is [given] as the information cell of af .

Each information cell in the chain contains the address of the Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored .
each information cell in the chain contains the address of the y-cell where the form to which it is [given] is stored .

the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents .
the information cell [given] to each text form contains the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents .

Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .
equivalents could be [given] to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .

but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence .
but dominant stress will be [given] to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence .

Some phonetic features , for example glottal catch or murmur , are sometimes to be assigned to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems .
some phonetic features , for example glottal catch or murmur , are sometimes to be [given] to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems .

Nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization .
nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the government will be [given] on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization .

On the basis of pupil assignment criteria , Judge Albert Bryan has assigned Negro children to formerly white schools in Arlington and Alexandria , Virginia .
on the basis of pupil assignment criteria , judge albert bryan has [given] negro children to formerly white schools in arlington and alexandria , virginia .

The variable costs alone are assigned to the different units of freight traffic as representing `` long-run out-of-pocket costs '' -- a term with a meaning here not distinctly different from that of the economist's `` long-run marginal costs '' .
the variable costs alone are [given] to the different units of freight traffic as representing `` long-run out-of-pocket costs '' -- a term with a meaning here not distinctly different from that of the economist's `` long-run marginal costs '' .

This `` grand division '' permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes .
this `` grand division '' permits many costs to be [given] in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes .

The general basis on which these common costs are assigned to differently measured units of service will be illustrated by the following highly simplified problem of an electric-utility cost analysis .
the general basis on which these common costs are [given] to differently measured units of service will be illustrated by the following highly simplified problem of an electric-utility cost analysis .

Is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be assigned to the most sacred canons in social science ? ?
is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be [given] to the most sacred canons in social science ? ?

When such a reference is found , an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment .
when such a reference is found , an actual address is [given] and the availability table is changed so that the [given] index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment .

If a statement has been assigned an address in the index word area
if a statement has been [given] an address in the index word area

Otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words .
otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been [given] to these same index words .

It will not , however , be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time .
it will not , however , be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been [given] for the first time .

If the first item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name IOCSIXF will be assigned .
if the first item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name iocsixf will be [given] .

If the second item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name IOCSIXG will be assigned .
if the second item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name iocsixg will be [given] .

There were several missions which demanded instant attention but Helva had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section .
there were several missions which demanded instant attention but helva had been of interest to several department heads in central for some time and each man was determined to have her [given] to his section .

He had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had assigned Pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire .
he had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had [given] pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire .

Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions .
early in november the clouds lifted enough to carry out the [given] missions .

In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases .
in the hut to which i was [given] -- max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases .

He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all .
he was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking american wac , a second lieutenant [given] to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the command offices , but that was all .

Tommy had been assigned to the psychopathic ward .
tommy had been [given] to the psychopathic ward .

even though they might be part and parcel of the same organization , they are not the leaseholders so they ca n't make the arrangements , so if they want to make the arrangement they must have the lease assigned to them first , then we will come to terms with them over land and to under le under let .
even though they might be part and parcel of the same organization , they are not the leaseholders so they ca n't make the arrangements , so if they want to make the arrangement they must have the lease [given] to them first , then we will come to terms with them over land and to under le under let .

Most defendants in capital cases are black and they can not afford legal representation , so they are assigned counsel by the state .
most defendants in capital cases are black and they can not afford legal representation , so they are [given] counsel by the state .

Two of the three British Sea Kings assigned to the operation then returned to Srebrenica with the sole objective of rescuing the Canadians , coming under renewed Serb fire as they did so .
two of the three british sea kings [given] to the operation then returned to srebrenica with the sole objective of rescuing the canadians , coming under renewed serb fire as they did so .

If a clone has also been used as a probe then the program also checks if the probe and clone are assigned to the same contig .
if a clone has also been used as a probe then the program also checks if the probe and clone are [given] to the same contig .

The leases make the publican responsible for the upkeep of the pub and , although they can be assigned to another person after two years , the original holder would be responsible for meeting payments if that person defaulted .
the leases make the publican responsible for the upkeep of the pub and , although they can be [given] to another person after two years , the original holder would be responsible for meeting payments if that person defaulted .

Additionally , these long leases can be assigned , which means that if the lessee wishes to sell the business after two years or more , then often a considerable lump sum premium can be obtained which reflects the lessee 's investment and related goodwill .
additionally , these long leases can be [given] , which means that if the lessee wishes to sell the business after two years or more , then often a considerable lump sum premium can be obtained which reflects the lessee 's investment and related goodwill .

His first books were written while he was a correspondent for Time magazine , which assigned him to cover the Far East .
his first books were written while he was a correspondent for time magazine , which [given] him to cover the far east .

To let it get let it rot . Let it get gamey and he 's erm Chinese assistant the person who has been assigned to sort of look after him and do his do his translating and things like that took it down and buried it cause they did n't eat rotten meat they did
to let it get let it rot . let it get gamey and he 's erm chinese assistant the person who has been [given] to sort of look after him and do his do his translating and things like that took it down and buried it cause they did n't eat rotten meat they did

More than 40 detectives were assigned to the cases after the attempted murder of Candice last June .
more than 40 detectives were [given] to the cases after the attempted murder of candice last june .

The categories to which an item could be assigned by the use of this digit are detailed in Table 10 , below .
the categories to which an item could be [given] by the use of this digit are detailed in table 10 , below .

As an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who discovers an unusual plant will try to assign it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been discovered , and that future examples of this plant will be assigned to this new species .
as an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who discovers an unusual plant will try to assign it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been discovered , and that future examples of this plant will be [given] to this new species .

Hashers are also assigned nicknames .
hashers are also [given] nicknames .

Depending on the values assigned to c and v , the cycle may be damped or explosive .
depending on the values [given] to c and v , the cycle may be damped or explosive .

The four principal strings are tensioned by full-sized Schaller machines and , though each pair of accompanying drones are identical in gauge , each is assigned a different-sized machine key to let you know exactly which one is being adjusted .
the four principal strings are tensioned by full-sized schaller machines and , though each pair of accompanying drones are identical in gauge , each is [given] a different-sized machine key to let you know exactly which one is being adjusted .

But two years later the earth-moving equipment to build the dams had still to arrive , and the bush-clearing programme , optimistically assigned to the Masai moran ( men of the warrior age-group ) , had made no progress at all .
but two years later the earth-moving equipment to build the dams had still to arrive , and the bush-clearing programme , optimistically [given] to the masai moran ( men of the warrior age-group ) , had made no progress at all .

To the administrators concerned with the welfare of the Masai , however , it seemed that they had a very good case for keeping the enormous area which had been assigned to them .
to the administrators concerned with the welfare of the masai , however , it seemed that they had a very good case for keeping the enormous area which had been [given] to them .

The assumption became that the men who were assigned to Masai District were ‘ picked men ’ , exemplars of the finest ideals of the Colonial Service .
the assumption became that the men who were [given] to masai district were ‘ picked men ’ , exemplars of the finest ideals of the colonial service .

It thus came about that , during the process of a boy 's adjustment to public school , two very powerful and not very compatible needs — the need for power and the need for love — were grossly stimulated , in an environment where their satisfaction could not easily be assigned to the usual separate compartments of life .
it thus came about that , during the process of a boy 's adjustment to public school , two very powerful and not very compatible needs — the need for power and the need for love — were grossly stimulated , in an environment where their satisfaction could not easily be [given] to the usual separate compartments of life .

The Markov methods represent the bottom-up approach , and they model English text as a Markov process which allows transition probabilities to be assigned to various letter combinations or n-grams .
the markov methods represent the bottom-up approach , and they model english text as a markov process which allows transition probabilities to be [given] to various letter combinations or n-grams .

Big centre half Phil Whelan was assigned to the left back position , and was outstanding .
big centre half phil whelan was [given] to the left back position , and was outstanding .

For the process to proceed smoothly it is necessary to ensure that responsibility for overall policy decisions is assigned to an appropriate individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .
for the process to proceed smoothly it is necessary to ensure that responsibility for overall policy decisions is [given] to an appropriate individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .

Day-to-day decision making should be assigned to a particular person if this is not carried out by the board member ( s ) who have overall responsibility for the policy .
day-to-day decision making should be [given] to a particular person if this is not carried out by the board member ( s ) who have overall responsibility for the policy .

Relocation company counsellors assigned to families moving to Britain also provide information on activities that may be taken up by the spouse .
relocation company counsellors [given] to families moving to britain also provide information on activities that may be taken up by the spouse .

Once a celebrity has agreed to be a guest , the researcher assigned to him or her will go along for an exploratory conversation .
once a celebrity has agreed to be a guest , the researcher [given] to him or her will go along for an exploratory conversation .

Swordsmen such as this Talabheim trooper are usually assigned as small detachments where they can fight on the wings of larger regiments .
swordsmen such as this talabheim trooper are usually [given] as small detachments where they can fight on the wings of larger regiments .

Infants dying of sudden infant death syndrome included 229 Maoris , 240 non-Maoris , and 16 children who could not be assigned to an ethnic group .
infants dying of sudden infant death syndrome included 229 maoris , 240 non-maoris , and 16 children who could not be [given] to an ethnic group .

Another , but much larger , group of vessels of late-sixth-century date , which have been assigned to a potter/workshop are known collectively as the Illington-Lackford group , after the two principal cemeteries in Norfolk and Suffolk where they have been found .
another , but much larger , group of vessels of late-sixth-century date , which have been [given] to a potter/workshop are known collectively as the illington-lackford group , after the two principal cemeteries in norfolk and suffolk where they have been found .

When a choice of branching variable is necessary we can choose the variable which leads to a node having the largest assigned value .
when a choice of branching variable is necessary we can choose the variable which leads to a node having the largest [given] value .

Following myocardial infarction , eligible patients were assigned randomly either to our six-month ‘ caring rehabilitation programme ’ or to normal medical follow-up .
following myocardial infarction , eligible patients were [given] randomly either to our six-month ‘ caring rehabilitation programme ’ or to normal medical follow-up .

Since communism as well as ‘ socialism ’ has been forever assigned to history 's dustbin , there appears no pressing need for society to come to terms with just what that system was or how it continues to manifest itself .
since communism as well as ‘ socialism ’ has been forever [given] to history 's dustbin , there appears no pressing need for society to come to terms with just what that system was or how it continues to manifest itself .

The context of the event and the event itself often went unreported , simply because the journalist assigned to the ‘ story ’ covered only the opening speech .
the context of the event and the event itself often went unreported , simply because the journalist [given] to the ‘ story ’ covered only the opening speech .

The winter of his second year of university he began to do some special research on the Gulf for a project he 'd been assigned .
the winter of his second year of university he began to do some special research on the gulf for a project he 'd been [given] .

An Omani doctor had been assigned to accompany us to London .
an omani doctor had been [given] to accompany us to london .

This is easy to use — all the boxes and fields are assigned simply by dragging the cursor over the screen — a good idea .
this is easy to use — all the boxes and fields are [given] simply by dragging the cursor over the screen — a good idea .

NullPort=None : Tells Windows to use the word ‘ None ’ when a printer is assigned to ‘ no port ’ in the Control Panel .
nullport=none : tells windows to use the word ‘ none ’ when a printer is [given] to ‘ no port ’ in the control panel .

Among the ‘ poor ’ ones John Digby was farmer of the parsonage of Preston , and the low value of £4 assigned to his moveables may well have been the result of indebtedness : liabilities reduced the estate of John Ranson of Bicker , Lincs .
among the ‘ poor ’ ones john digby was farmer of the parsonage of preston , and the low value of £4 [given] to his moveables may well have been the result of indebtedness : liabilities reduced the estate of john ranson of bicker , lincs .

William Spycer of Dallington might have cherished visions of instant fortune when he leased the site of the projected Panningridge furnace , but they soon faded , and , having assigned his interest to the wealthy Sir Henry Sidney , he carted stone , and lime for the constructors ; if his personal property was limited to the £3 on which he was taxed , he was under capitalised .
william spycer of dallington might have cherished visions of instant fortune when he leased the site of the projected panningridge furnace , but they soon faded , and , having [given] his interest to the wealthy sir henry sidney , he carted stone , and lime for the constructors ; if his personal property was limited to the £3 on which he was taxed , he was under capitalised .

Pensions were also assigned to parish churches ; Cirencester got 8s .
pensions were also [given] to parish churches ; cirencester got 8s .

assigned to Thomas Parker , a servant of the king at Elmley Lovett , Worcs .
[given] to thomas parker , a servant of the king at elmley lovett , worcs .

, as well as the three co-owners of a property at Stourbridge ; even more circumstantially the prior of Worcester was assigned £5 .
, as well as the three co-owners of a property at stourbridge ; even more circumstantially the prior of worcester was [given] £5 .

This latter was in fact the fee farm of the borough , which had come to be permanently assigned to the earls of Salisbury , whose titles and possessions had been conferred on Margaret Pole , daughter of the duke of Clarence .
this latter was in fact the fee farm of the borough , which had come to be permanently [given] to the earls of salisbury , whose titles and possessions had been conferred on margaret pole , daughter of the duke of clarence .

The Order also laid it down that ‘ the medical superintendent shall reside in the part of the hospital assigned to him by the Management Committee , or in such other place as the Committee may approve ’ .
the order also laid it down that ‘ the medical superintendent shall reside in the part of the hospital [given] to him by the management committee , or in such other place as the committee may approve ’ .

As a legal precedent section 2 ( 5 ) of the 1981 Education Act was significant because it was addressed directly to governing bodies and assigned a primary role to them rather than the local authorities .
as a legal precedent section 2 ( 5 ) of the 1981 education act was significant because it was addressed directly to governing bodies and [given] a primary role to them rather than the local authorities .

In this case , a simulated prison was created and twenty-four volunteers were randomly assigned to the roles of ‘ guard ’ or ‘ prisoner ’ .
in this case , a simulated prison was created and twenty-four volunteers were randomly [given] to the roles of ‘ guard ’ or ‘ prisoner ’ .

Whilst it is perfectly true , as Roth points out , that any of the attributes of profession listed by such writers as Greenwood , Gross and Goode can also be found in occupations not usually assigned to the category ‘ profession ’ , we all ( Roth included ) , use the terms ‘ profession ’ and ‘ professional ’ both descriptively and analytically .
whilst it is perfectly true , as roth points out , that any of the attributes of profession listed by such writers as greenwood , gross and goode can also be found in occupations not usually [given] to the category ‘ profession ’ , we all ( roth included ) , use the terms ‘ profession ’ and ‘ professional ’ both descriptively and analytically .

The command of these units can be assigned to the Supreme High Command of the Soviet Armed Forces , with representation of the Supreme High Commands of the allied countries .
the command of these units can be [given] to the supreme high command of the soviet armed forces , with representation of the supreme high commands of the allied countries .

For example , it has been found that some striking perceptual differences in viewing a wire-frame cube ( including , for example , the ease with which certain mental images can be formed of it ) depend on which alternative structural description of the object is assigned to it by the perceiver ( Hinton 1979 ) .
for example , it has been found that some striking perceptual differences in viewing a wire-frame cube ( including , for example , the ease with which certain mental images can be formed of it ) depend on which alternative structural description of the object is [given] to it by the perceiver ( hinton 1979 ) .

The proctor minor of his chamber , Baal Firenze , had assigned him this mission , presumably acting on the instructions of a Hidden Master .
the proctor minor of his chamber , baal firenze , had [given] him this mission , presumably acting on the instructions of a hidden master .

The Imperium had assigned them for life to Quintus , to assist in its uplift .
the imperium had [given] them for life to quintus , to assist in its uplift .

That day , April 29 , twenty Spitfires were safely delivered to Renfrew with one each on April 30 and May 1 for a total of 52 aircraft which constituted 100 % of the complement assigned for the second delivery to Malta .
that day , april 29 , twenty spitfires were safely delivered to renfrew with one each on april 30 and may 1 for a total of 52 aircraft which constituted 100 % of the complement [given] for the second delivery to malta .

Students dreaded being assigned to these small towns where there were few opportunities to develop their talents or lead an interesting life .
students dreaded being [given] to these small towns where there were few opportunities to develop their talents or lead an interesting life .

When compared to their peers who fail to pass the entrance examinations , they have the prospect of a better life : four or more years at university ( rather than waiting to be assigned to low-skilled , often low-paid work ) and the likelihood on graduation of a secure post in the state bureaucracy .
when compared to their peers who fail to pass the entrance examinations , they have the prospect of a better life : four or more years at university ( rather than waiting to be [given] to low-skilled , often low-paid work ) and the likelihood on graduation of a secure post in the state bureaucracy .

For daring to speak out , he was assigned to a menial post unrelated to his speciality and skills .
for daring to speak out , he was [given] to a menial post unrelated to his speciality and skills .

The new scale will assign an arbitrary mean score to those children with average scores , and children performing above and below the mean will be assigned higher and lower scores on the new scale .
the new scale will assign an arbitrary mean score to those children with average scores , and children performing above and below the mean will be [given] higher and lower scores on the new scale .

Such components have a value of zero : all other components have positive values , for example , section num would be assigned the value 6 in the heading of the sixth section of an act .
such components have a value of zero : all other components have positive values , for example , section num would be [given] the value 6 in the heading of the sixth section of an act .

The crooked tycoon who plunged overboard from his yacht a year ago assigned his wife a sub-lease which allows her to live in part of the Victorian mansion regardless of the impending sale of the 15 acre estate .
the crooked tycoon who plunged overboard from his yacht a year ago [given] his wife a sub-lease which allows her to live in part of the victorian mansion regardless of the impending sale of the 15 acre estate .

In October Pons assigned this as a project to his research student , Marvin Hawkins .
in october pons [given] this as a project to his research student , marvin hawkins .

Bill and Hillary 's only child has been assigned a secret service agent to protect her while she attends public school near Little Rock .
bill and hillary 's only child has been [given] a secret service agent to protect her while she attends public school near little rock .

The essential point is that responsibility is assigned and , therefore , authority is delegated for which the individual is accountable in his role .
the essential point is that responsibility is [given] and , therefore , authority is delegated for which the individual is accountable in his role .

At first potential jurors were classified by ethnic group and caste , but after the 1840s they were assigned to one of three lists which were drawn up on the basis of language capability .
at first potential jurors were classified by ethnic group and caste , but after the 1840s they were [given] to one of three lists which were drawn up on the basis of language capability .

In Kandyan districts there had not previously been a specific class of headman assigned police duties .
in kandyan districts there had not previously been a specific class of headman [given] police duties .

’ The authority to issue cattle vouchers enhanced the power and status of a headman , but many of those assigned to this task could not see why they should take the trouble to inquire into the origins of the cattle concerned .
’ the authority to issue cattle vouchers enhanced the power and status of a headman , but many of those [given] to this task could not see why they should take the trouble to inquire into the origins of the cattle concerned .

On the basis of similar spectra , we assigned each of a sample of 183 cones to one of three classes and so derived the matrices shown symbolically in the remainder of Fig .
on the basis of similar spectra , we [given] each of a sample of 183 cones to one of three classes and so derived the matrices shown symbolically in the remainder of fig .

The Pasalar hominoids have been assigned in the past to Sivapithecus , but new material shows that at least one of the species lacks the derived subnasal morphology of that genus .
the pasalar hominoids have been [given] in the past to sivapithecus , but new material shows that at least one of the species lacks the derived subnasal morphology of that genus .

The diversification of trace fossils still lacks a biological context , and there is an urgent need to test whether at least some Ediacaran fossils could be assigned to the Vendobionta , rather than to Metazoa .
the diversification of trace fossils still lacks a biological context , and there is an urgent need to test whether at least some ediacaran fossils could be [given] to the vendobionta , rather than to metazoa .

The allocation of work was in some cases based upon people 's skills outside ; for example , prisoners who had been barbers , washermen , gardeners or ‘ sweepers ’ ( refuse collectors and cleaners from the lower castes ) were given similar jobs if available , but , generally speaking , new inmates were assigned a task without much deliberation or consultation .
the allocation of work was in some cases based upon people 's skills outside ; for example , prisoners who had been barbers , washermen , gardeners or ‘ sweepers ’ ( refuse collectors and cleaners from the lower castes ) were given similar jobs if available , but , generally speaking , new inmates were [given] a task without much deliberation or consultation .

Throughout it all , he keenly defends himself against the propaganda with which the minders assigned to foreign journalists bombard him .
throughout it all , he keenly defends himself against the propaganda with which the minders [given] to foreign journalists bombard him .

René Descartes , for instance , says that the size , shape and distance of a staff ‘ clearly depend upon the understanding alone ’ , but ‘ are vulgarly assigned to sense ’ .
rené descartes , for instance , says that the size , shape and distance of a staff ‘ clearly depend upon the understanding alone ’ , but ‘ are vulgarly [given] to sense ’ .

Two drawings by Annibale Carracci include an oil sketch of St Peter , recently assigned to the artist .
two drawings by annibale carracci include an oil sketch of st peter , recently [given] to the artist .

He was assigned to me as armourer and tail gunner .
he was [given] to me as armourer and tail gunner .

Mary Alice was assigned to bomb Le Bourget airfield near Paris , where Charles Lingburgh had landed after crossing the Atlantic .
mary alice was [given] to bomb le bourget airfield near paris , where charles lingburgh had landed after crossing the atlantic .

They did however eventually see World War Two service , initially with the 412th Fighter Group and its 29th , 31st and 445th Fighter Squadrons , all units being assigned to the 4th Air Force and stationed in the western United States .
they did however eventually see world war two service , initially with the 412th fighter group and its 29th , 31st and 445th fighter squadrons , all units being [given] to the 4th air force and stationed in the western united states .

This Airacomet is significant to the Museum in that she actually flew from March while assigned to the 420th Base Unit , Continental Air Command , during that Unit 's posting to March Field in late 1945 .
this airacomet is significant to the museum in that she actually flew from march while [given] to the 420th base unit , continental air command , during that unit 's posting to march field in late 1945 .

Their masters too refused to play their assigned parts ; despite some legislation in the islands in accord with Canning 's programme , evidence accumulated of slave-owner resistance to the progress of amelioration .
their masters too refused to play their [given] parts ; despite some legislation in the islands in accord with canning 's programme , evidence accumulated of slave-owner resistance to the progress of amelioration .

Green and Shepherd ( 1975 ) used the Semantic Differential ( a technique to examine how meaning is assigned to concepts ) to show that deaf children share major dimensions of meaning with hearing children but lack a factor concerning abstract meaning and have an additional one of sensory judgements based on vision and touch .
green and shepherd ( 1975 ) used the semantic differential ( a technique to examine how meaning is [given] to concepts ) to show that deaf children share major dimensions of meaning with hearing children but lack a factor concerning abstract meaning and have an additional one of sensory judgements based on vision and touch .

The design of a machine or device which is assigned as an aid for one person will not usually encounter the problems associated with elaborate design teams just described , but nevertheless some human factors sensitivity will help to provide a better product .
the design of a machine or device which is [given] as an aid for one person will not usually encounter the problems associated with elaborate design teams just described , but nevertheless some human factors sensitivity will help to provide a better product .

In the Soviet-type Communist system … theoretically the trade unions are an independent organisation , not a Party or state organisation , and no one is allowed to interfere in their activities and to impose decisions upon them … Actually , the trade unions are subordinate to the Party and have to ensure the execution of assigned tasks .
in the soviet-type communist system … theoretically the trade unions are an independent organisation , not a party or state organisation , and no one is allowed to interfere in their activities and to impose decisions upon them … actually , the trade unions are subordinate to the party and have to ensure the execution of [given] tasks .

German formations from the north were now marching into position on either side of 20th Corps , but those assigned to the left wing — called by the Germans the ‘ Eastern Group ’ — might have to face about if Rennenkampf marched south .
german formations from the north were now marching into position on either side of 20th corps , but those [given] to the left wing — called by the germans the ‘ eastern group ’ — might have to face about if rennenkampf marched south .

The Highlanders suffered such heavy losses in the assault on the village that the attack on Delville Wood was assigned to the South African Infantry Brigade , who had earlier been allotted merely mopping-up operations .
the highlanders suffered such heavy losses in the assault on the village that the attack on delville wood was [given] to the south african infantry brigade , who had earlier been allotted merely mopping-up operations .

As a result of his lost schooling he could n't return to his previous class , and so was at least a year older than the other boys and girls in the class to which he was now assigned .
as a result of his lost schooling he could n't return to his previous class , and so was at least a year older than the other boys and girls in the class to which he was now [given] .

these factors can be assigned weightings , in line with their relative importance , so that a potential customer 's answers to each question on the proposal form can be given a numerical score .
these factors can be [given] weightings , in line with their relative importance , so that a potential customer 's answers to each question on the proposal form can be given a numerical score .

All three had been assigned to Long Kesh Prison near Lisburn to await trial .
all three had been [given] to long kesh prison near lisburn to await trial .

The persons assigned to act as regional commissioners were placed on standby and the secret bunkers from which they would control their regions were prepared for occupation .
the persons [given] to act as regional commissioners were placed on standby and the secret bunkers from which they would control their regions were prepared for occupation .

17.1 This Agreement shall not be assigned by , whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law , in whole or in part , to any party without the prior written consent of .
17.1 this agreement shall not be [given] by , whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law , in whole or in part , to any party without the prior written consent of .

6.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party
6.1 the agreement shall be binding upon the parties and may not be [given] without the prior written consent of the other party

7.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .
7.1 the agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be [given] without the prior written consent of the other party .

7.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .
7.1 the agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be [given] without the prior written consent of the other party .

6.4 Without prejudice to the generality of Clause [ 6.1 a ] each Party undertakes to establish suitable procedures for ensuring that technical and other information of other Parties is restricted to those employees , or as the case may be members of staff or students , needing such information for the purposes of the duties assigned to them and that all such employees , members of staff and students are themselves subject to suitable obligations of confidence .
6.4 without prejudice to the generality of clause [ 6.1 a ] each party undertakes to establish suitable procedures for ensuring that technical and other information of other parties is restricted to those employees , or as the case may be members of staff or students , needing such information for the purposes of the duties [given] to them and that all such employees , members of staff and students are themselves subject to suitable obligations of confidence .

In the event of any Related company ceasing to be so related then ( unless the requisite rights are duly assigned to it by such Party by agreement ) each Party undertakes on request to grant to it continuing rights of a similar nature on fair and reasonable terms .
in the event of any related company ceasing to be so related then ( unless the requisite rights are duly [given] to it by such party by agreement ) each party undertakes on request to grant to it continuing rights of a similar nature on fair and reasonable terms .

14.1 This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by any Party in whole or in Party without the express prior written consent of the other Parties .
14.1 this agreement may not be [given] or otherwise transferred by any party in whole or in party without the express prior written consent of the other parties .

14.2 No Party shall sub-contract any part of the work under the Project assigned to it without the prior written approval of all Parties .
14.2 no party shall sub-contract any part of the work under the project [given] to it without the prior written approval of all parties .

3.2 The Programmer warrants that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in Section 154 of the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , and that the Program will not reproduce any copyright matter not assigned in this Agreement .
3.2 the programmer warrants that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in section 154 of the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , and that the program will not reproduce any copyright matter not [given] in this agreement .

This Agreement shall not be assigned , sub-contracted , or sub-licensed in whole or in part by the Programmer without the prior written consent of the Publisher .
this agreement shall not be [given] , sub-contracted , or sub-licensed in whole or in part by the programmer without the prior written consent of the publisher .

3.2 The Programmer warrants that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in Section 154 of the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , and that the Program will not reproduce any copyright matter not assigned in this Agreement .
3.2 the programmer warrants that all material times he has satisfied the requirements as to nationality/residence set out in section 154 of the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , and that the program will not reproduce any copyright matter not [given] in this agreement .

This Agreement shall not be assigned , sub-contracted , or sub-licensed in whole or in part by the Programmer without the prior written consent of the Publisher .
this agreement shall not be [given] , sub-contracted , or sub-licensed in whole or in part by the programmer without the prior written consent of the publisher .

7.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .
7.1 the agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be [given] without the prior written consent of the other party .

The course is adapted for each group , and the group itself has to take responsibility for completing the assigned tasks .
the course is adapted for each group , and the group itself has to take responsibility for completing the [given] tasks .

Instead , the probabilities would have to be assigned in some arbitrary way .
instead , the probabilities would have to be [given] in some arbitrary way .

This problem involves two issues : ( i ) whether there is a contract between Pickwick and Podder , resulting in a debt owed by Pickwick to Podder ; ( ii ) whether Podder has validly assigned the debt to Mrs Jingle .
this problem involves two issues : ( i ) whether there is a contract between pickwick and podder , resulting in a debt owed by pickwick to podder ; ( ii ) whether podder has validly [given] the debt to mrs jingle .

Many years later , he found himself assigned a new First Pilot .
many years later , he found himself [given] a new first pilot .

Contextually , the notional component of the verb is assigned thematic status if it has already been mentioned . Scinto ( 1983 : 80 ) gives the following example :
contextually , the notional component of the verb is [given] thematic status if it has already been mentioned . scinto ( 1983 : 80 ) gives the following example :

The precise form this differentiation takes varies from community to community ; for example it is likely to be manifested differently in pre- and post-industrial societies and to vary in accordance with culturally determined roles assigned by societies ( see Coates 1986 for a general discussion of the issues ) .
the precise form this differentiation takes varies from community to community ; for example it is likely to be manifested differently in pre- and post-industrial societies and to vary in accordance with culturally determined roles [given] by societies ( see coates 1986 for a general discussion of the issues ) .

The score assigned to each migrant is intended to characterize progress in the transition from an insulated to an integrated type of network , and as such is a tool capable of investigating looseknit types of personal network structure ( see 5.7.3 ) .
the score [given] to each migrant is intended to characterize progress in the transition from an insulated to an integrated type of network , and as such is a tool capable of investigating looseknit types of personal network structure ( see 5.7.3 ) .

It is assumed that social values , which are also placed on a single linear dimension , might be assigned to each variant .
it is assumed that social values , which are also placed on a single linear dimension , might be [given] to each variant .

In response to these complexities , the original notion of the sociolinguistic variable with variants which were assigned values along a single phonetic dimension was considerably modified .
in response to these complexities , the original notion of the sociolinguistic variable with variants which were [given] values along a single phonetic dimension was considerably modified .

Precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be specified on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of specifying the lexical input to the variable ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were assigned to the set simply on the basis of observation .
precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be specified on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of specifying the lexical input to the variable ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were [given] to the set simply on the basis of observation .

To use a nineteenth-century phrase , they become an assigned revenue .
to use a nineteenth-century phrase , they become an [given] revenue .

It can be said that works of this kind — and there are many other possible examples begin more evidently from the actual art and culture in question , and can thus be assigned to history or criticism .
it can be said that works of this kind — and there are many other possible examples begin more evidently from the actual art and culture in question , and can thus be [given] to history or criticism .

In Welsh literature , by the tenth century , the official status of bards was codified in grades : the chief poet , the battle poet , the minstrel ; with assigned differences of subject and in some respects of audience , and with relatively strict internal rules about the craft itself .
in welsh literature , by the tenth century , the official status of bards was codified in grades : the chief poet , the battle poet , the minstrel ; with [given] differences of subject and in some respects of audience , and with relatively strict internal rules about the craft itself .

The standardizing , regularizing , authoritative properties often assigned to print as a medium ( though many of them are inherent in any writing system ) could have full social effect only if they had this broad coherence with general developments in the social and labour processes , to which , however , print was not a mere ancillary , for it was one of the forms of such development .
the standardizing , regularizing , authoritative properties often [given] to print as a medium ( though many of them are inherent in any writing system ) could have full social effect only if they had this broad coherence with general developments in the social and labour processes , to which , however , print was not a mere ancillary , for it was one of the forms of such development .

But in general it can be said that authority and direction within cultural production either derived directly from the integral social organization within which such duties were assigned , or , as in the case of classical Greek drama , were assigned within a civic organization and became , in effect , a process of tender and hire .
but in general it can be said that authority and direction within cultural production either derived directly from the integral social organization within which such duties were [given] , or , as in the case of classical greek drama , were [given] within a civic organization and became , in effect , a process of tender and hire .

On one occasion , when George Brown was to give a seminal broadcast on a new financial plan , Wigg , who had been assigned by the Prime Minister to ensure , or to endeavour to ensure , that Brown arrived at Broadcasting House respectably sober , could think of nothing better to do than to consign him in the early afternoon to the sitting-room in my flat at Ashley Gardens .
on one occasion , when george brown was to give a seminal broadcast on a new financial plan , wigg , who had been [given] by the prime minister to ensure , or to endeavour to ensure , that brown arrived at broadcasting house respectably sober , could think of nothing better to do than to consign him in the early afternoon to the sitting-room in my flat at ashley gardens .

They should not undertake the sung parts traditionally assigned to them in the Offices and in the Eucharist .
they should not undertake the sung parts traditionally [given] to them in the offices and in the eucharist .

It proved quite impossible to carry out the task assigned without involvement in the still fluid political situation .
it proved quite impossible to carry out the task [given] without involvement in the still fluid political situation .

‘ Interpretation ’ is simply the process whereby a meaning is assigned to the words of the statute , whilst ‘ construction ’ is the process whereby uncertainties or ambiguities in a statute are resolved .
‘ interpretation ’ is simply the process whereby a meaning is [given] to the words of the statute , whilst ‘ construction ’ is the process whereby uncertainties or ambiguities in a statute are resolved .

Again , paradoxically , objects are seen as increasingly exchangeable with one another , but also increasingly specific in terms of the particular values assigned to them in the form of prices .
again , paradoxically , objects are seen as increasingly exchangeable with one another , but also increasingly specific in terms of the particular values [given] to them in the form of prices .

In such circumstances , the infant may feel hatred , love or fear ; but it will understand these as feelings assigned to an external form , which may be introjected .
in such circumstances , the infant may feel hatred , love or fear ; but it will understand these as feelings [given] to an external form , which may be introjected .

Furthermore , commodity production is being increasingly subdivided into fragments which can be assigned to whichever part of the world can provide the most profitable combination of capital and labour .
furthermore , commodity production is being increasingly subdivided into fragments which can be [given] to whichever part of the world can provide the most profitable combination of capital and labour .

Many managers are chronically overextended and may view a new idea as an annoyance , or at best , a distraction that interferes with assigned objectives .
many managers are chronically overextended and may view a new idea as an annoyance , or at best , a distraction that interferes with [given] objectives .

Additionally , if the idea is extremely complex or tangential to a manager 's assigned work , he may simply not know what to do with it .
additionally , if the idea is extremely complex or tangential to a manager 's [given] work , he may simply not know what to do with it .

This system provides a mechanism for drawing together a cast of informal innovation players around ideas which are often not part of one 's assigned work ( Rosenfeld and Servo , 1988 ) .
this system provides a mechanism for drawing together a cast of informal innovation players around ideas which are often not part of one 's [given] work ( rosenfeld and servo , 1988 ) .

In stark contrast to much early thinking that assigned the formal systems to management and informal systems to employees , often in adversarial roles ( e.g .
in stark contrast to much early thinking that [given] the formal systems to management and informal systems to employees , often in adversarial roles ( e.g .

The staff is assigned to the project on a full-time or part-time basis .
the staff is [given] to the project on a full-time or part-time basis .

It is that two lexical units will be assigned to the same lexeme if there exists a lexical rule which permits the prediction of the existence of the sense of one of them from the existence of the sense of the other .
it is that two lexical units will be [given] to the same lexeme if there exists a lexical rule which permits the prediction of the existence of the sense of one of them from the existence of the sense of the other .

For instance , there is no spectrum connecting the two senses of expire , so their lexical units would not be assigned to the same lexeme .
for instance , there is no spectrum connecting the two senses of expire , so their lexical units would not be [given] to the same lexeme .

In such cases , the recurrent relationship must be simultaneously grammatical and semantic if the units are to be assigned to the same lexeme .
in such cases , the recurrent relationship must be simultaneously grammatical and semantic if the units are to be [given] to the same lexeme .

Notice , however , that although the following exhibit a syntactic parallel with the cases cited above , the semantic relationship is not maintained , so the lexical units must be assigned to different lexemes :
notice , however , that although the following exhibit a syntactic parallel with the cases cited above , the semantic relationship is not maintained , so the lexical units must be [given] to different lexemes :

Cardiff was the first port to which Tupper was temporarily assigned in May 1911 as Havelock Wilson 's roving representative `` to begin the campaign which was to end in the big strike `` .
cardiff was the first port to which tupper was temporarily [given] in may 1911 as havelock wilson 's roving representative `` to begin the campaign which was to end in the big strike `` .

, for gross misconduct ) , a lecturer can only be dismissed for good cause after being given three months ' notice ( though the lecturer can terminate the agreement on three months ' notice without any reason being assigned ) .
, for gross misconduct ) , a lecturer can only be dismissed for good cause after being given three months ' notice ( though the lecturer can terminate the agreement on three months ' notice without any reason being [given] ) .

The designer could be assigned a geometric domain in which to work — this would be described by default values within an assembly model .
the designer could be [given] a geometric domain in which to work — this would be described by default values within an assembly model .

The attribute , describing the spherical seating of the lever into the cover , is assigned to both sets as attribute .
the attribute , describing the spherical seating of the lever into the cover , is [given] to both sets as attribute .

Also , the attribute denoted as exists in both sets assigned to the lever and passenger compartment , and may be used to detail the conic space and internal `` track `` declared to be acceptable for manual operation of the gear lever .
also , the attribute denoted as exists in both sets [given] to the lever and passenger compartment , and may be used to detail the conic space and internal `` track `` declared to be acceptable for manual operation of the gear lever .

External geometry and relationships may be fixed , and then the designer can only manipulate the geometry and sub-spaces assigned to his geometric domain .
external geometry and relationships may be fixed , and then the designer can only manipulate the geometry and sub-spaces [given] to his geometric domain .

They were much less gentle than the water-buffalo , which spend most of their lives doing nothing , wallowing up to their ears in mudpools , while pampered and scrubbed by the little boys who are assigned to look after them from birth .
they were much less gentle than the water-buffalo , which spend most of their lives doing nothing , wallowing up to their ears in mudpools , while pampered and scrubbed by the little boys who are [given] to look after them from birth .

In September 1944 , as the Red Army advanced into Belorussia , Domanov 's Cossacks had been moved across Europe and assigned to an area around Tolmezzo in northern Italy , then under the control of Italian partisans .
in september 1944 , as the red army advanced into belorussia , domanov 's cossacks had been moved across europe and [given] to an area around tolmezzo in northern italy , then under the control of italian partisans .

Alternatives for remainder surrendered personnel and refugees appear to be either ( a ) they should be concentrated in the area Radstadt and responsibility for their final disarmament and picketing be assigned to 12 Army Group .
alternatives for remainder surrendered personnel and refugees appear to be either ( a ) they should be concentrated in the area radstadt and responsibility for their final disarmament and picketing be [given] to 12 army group .

Although some sex education programmes have been introduced into schools , the nature of these has largely depended on the attitudes of the local authority , the individual head teacher , and the teachers assigned to the subject .
although some sex education programmes have been introduced into schools , the nature of these has largely depended on the attitudes of the local authority , the individual head teacher , and the teachers [given] to the subject .

As she was still at school , she had been assigned a tutor but this had stopped as they did not get on .
as she was still at school , she had been [given] a tutor but this had stopped as they did not get on .

Peter Berger argues that society has often been viewed as a puppet theatre with its members portrayed as ‘ little puppets jumping about on the ends of their invisible strings , cheerfully acting out the parts that have been assigned to them ’ .
peter berger argues that society has often been viewed as a puppet theatre with its members portrayed as ‘ little puppets jumping about on the ends of their invisible strings , cheerfully acting out the parts that have been [given] to them ’ .

Biological factors assume importance in many stratification systems because of the meanings assigned to them by different cultures .
biological factors assume importance in many stratification systems because of the meanings [given] to them by different cultures .

In many of the reported United States of America cases in which offenders sold or assigned their rights , the proceeds were applied in whole or in part to the payment of legal fees .
in many of the reported united states of america cases in which offenders sold or [given] their rights , the proceeds were applied in whole or in part to the payment of legal fees .

In a broader perspective , something of an avant-garde role has often been assigned to whole styles or genres in twentieth-century popular music , or to aspects of them .
in a broader perspective , something of an avant-garde role has often been [given] to whole styles or genres in twentieth-century popular music , or to aspects of them .

Also , of course , the ferment in the universities was in part a revolt against the technocratic role which they had been assigned in the Wilsonian scheme of things .
also , of course , the ferment in the universities was in part a revolt against the technocratic role which they had been [given] in the wilsonian scheme of things .

Dupont was assigned the task of conquering Andalusia with a corps composed mainly of conscripts straight from the depots : half-starved by the rupture of its supply lines , this nondescript force was utterly defeated by the numerically superior levies of the Seville Junta under Castaños , and by what Napoleon termed Dupont 's ‘ horrible generalship ’ .
dupont was [given] the task of conquering andalusia with a corps composed mainly of conscripts straight from the depots : half-starved by the rupture of its supply lines , this nondescript force was utterly defeated by the numerically superior levies of the seville junta under castaños , and by what napoleon termed dupont 's ‘ horrible generalship ’ .

When Mortimer had assigned everyone positions for the operation — Ace , Benny and Petion to remain with him — he checked his watch .
when mortimer had [given] everyone positions for the operation — ace , benny and petion to remain with him — he checked his watch .

Several of the Tarvarians were leading strings of three or four remounts , all of them unsaddled , and Rostov and the others were each assigned an animal .
several of the tarvarians were leading strings of three or four remounts , all of them unsaddled , and rostov and the others were each [given] an animal .

The words had been Sandor 's before he died and Rostov wondered if the assassin had ever suspected that he too was scheduled for termination once he completed his assigned task .
the words had been sandor 's before he died and rostov wondered if the assassin had ever suspected that he too was scheduled for termination once he completed his [given] task .

Arghatun assigned a burly leader of ten to look after them .
arghatun [given] a burly leader of ten to look after them .

Two patients in each treatment arm refused to accept the treatment assigned or participate in the research study or both .
two patients in each treatment arm refused to accept the treatment [given] or participate in the research study or both .

Figure 1 gives the actuarial survival curves for all subjects by randomisation status ( including the four patients who refused the assigned treatment ) the curves for the two groups are significantly different ( p=0.006 ) .
figure 1 gives the actuarial survival curves for all subjects by randomisation status ( including the four patients who refused the [given] treatment ) the curves for the two groups are significantly different ( p=0.006 ) .

Patients are randomly assigned to treatments even if the doctor suspects that one form of treatment might be better .
patients are randomly [given] to treatments even if the doctor suspects that one form of treatment might be better .

28–8–1866 Norman McLeod , an Elder , had ceased to attend public worship for the last year and two other Elders were sent to find out why , `` when he assigned as reasons several charges against the Minister , that his preaching was neither law nor Gospel ; that he considered him aiming at himself personally in his preaching . ``
28–8–1866 norman mcleod , an elder , had ceased to attend public worship for the last year and two other elders were sent to find out why , `` when he [given] as reasons several charges against the minister , that his preaching was neither law nor gospel ; that he considered him aiming at himself personally in his preaching . ``

This child was assigned to the delivery register series and another control was chosen from the birth register .
this child was [given] to the delivery register series and another control was chosen from the birth register .

Father 's occupation was assigned to one of eight groups on the basis of knowledge of the industries in the area and of previous reports of association between parental occupation and childhood cancer .
father 's occupation was [given] to one of eight groups on the basis of knowledge of the industries in the area and of previous reports of association between parental occupation and childhood cancer .

Similarly , between 27 July and 3 September , following the outbreak of the civil war , he was assigned to the Spanish front by L'Humanite .
similarly , between 27 july and 3 september , following the outbreak of the civil war , he was [given] to the spanish front by l'humanite .

In late July and early August , he was assigned the sombre task of accompanying the body of Gerda Taro in its journey back to France .
in late july and early august , he was [given] the sombre task of accompanying the body of gerda taro in its journey back to france .

Social class was assigned using the patient 's occupation , the father 's if the patient was not employed , and the mother 's if no other occupation was available .
social class was [given] using the patient 's occupation , the father 's if the patient was not employed , and the mother 's if no other occupation was available .

On this basis , social class could be assigned to 98 % of subjects .
on this basis , social class could be [given] to 98 % of subjects .

Once all the information has been incorporated , the sequence of phases will have been assigned dates at various points , although these will be of differing quality : some may be accurate to a few years , others only to the nearest couple of centuries .
once all the information has been incorporated , the sequence of phases will have been [given] dates at various points , although these will be of differing quality : some may be accurate to a few years , others only to the nearest couple of centuries .

Yet if the only sense in which two statements of attainment from different attainment targets are equivalent is the number of the level to which they have been assigned , then the production of a combined score is a calculation devoid of meaning .
yet if the only sense in which two statements of attainment from different attainment targets are equivalent is the number of the level to which they have been [given] , then the production of a combined score is a calculation devoid of meaning .

The sense of inadequacy felt by children who are failing may be reinforced by having a ‘ special ’ teacher assigned to them .
the sense of inadequacy felt by children who are failing may be reinforced by having a ‘ special ’ teacher [given] to them .

In practice , this would mean that even when assigned to work with specific individual children , support teachers should :
in practice , this would mean that even when [given] to work with specific individual children , support teachers should :

If the term disorganized capitalism is useful in describing a new set of relations , then some of these relations have changed at a level which might traditionally have been assigned to superstructure — at the levels of ideology or civil society , although these terms will require subsequent careful discussion .
if the term disorganized capitalism is useful in describing a new set of relations , then some of these relations have changed at a level which might traditionally have been [given] to superstructure — at the levels of ideology or civil society , although these terms will require subsequent careful discussion .

The capital logic of Harvey 's work is continually expressed in the functionalism assigned to the built environment .
the capital logic of harvey 's work is continually expressed in the functionalism [given] to the built environment .

True , poverty often dwells in hidden alleys close to the palaces of the rich ; but , in general , a separate territory has been assigned to it , where , removed from the sight of the happier classes , it may struggle along as it can .
true , poverty often dwells in hidden alleys close to the palaces of the rich ; but , in general , a separate territory has been [given] to it , where , removed from the sight of the happier classes , it may struggle along as it can .

Added to these considerations , there was doubtless pressure from the French king , aware that the pope would not be allowed to levy taxes in England without their major part being assigned to the king .
added to these considerations , there was doubtless pressure from the french king , aware that the pope would not be allowed to levy taxes in england without their major part being [given] to the king .

It is a matter of debate whether truth can be assigned to sentences in the imperative form . )
it is a matter of debate whether truth can be [given] to sentences in the imperative form . )

Then to each narrator is assigned a time and place of the writing of his contribution .
then to each narrator is [given] a time and place of the writing of his contribution .

For each of these properties , there will be a few clusters which can be assigned average characteristics . Thus , a bird 's size may be
for each of these properties , there will be a few clusters which can be [given] average characteristics . thus , a bird 's size may be

Any object x should be assigned to the cluster if it is in this class , and not otherwise .
any object x should be [given] to the cluster if it is in this class , and not otherwise .

Some depositors , in order to maximise recovery from the fund , assigned sums of £20,000 to friends and relations .
some depositors , in order to maximise recovery from the fund , [given] sums of £20,000 to friends and relations .

In February 1974 the original lessee assigned the lease to the second defendant , a company , which duly entered into the required covenant directly with the landlord .
in february 1974 the original lessee [given] the lease to the second defendant , a company , which duly entered into the required covenant directly with the landlord .

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be [given] to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

‘ Generally speaking , an original lessee prima facie remains liable to the reversioner for the payment of the rent throughout the term , even after it has been assigned .
‘ generally speaking , an original lessee prima facie remains liable to the reversioner for the payment of the rent throughout the term , even after it has been [given] .

Robert Leonard ( assigned by the Registrar of Criminal Appeals ) for the appellant .
robert leonard ( [given] by the registrar of criminal appeals ) for the appellant .

In an affidavit sworn on 17 December 1991 ‘ to assist the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in relation to the conduct of the [ defendant 's ] trial ’ Mr. Pantry stated that the addendum was in the case file which was given to him when he was assigned to prosecute . He continued :
in an affidavit sworn on 17 december 1991 ‘ to assist the judicial committee of the privy council in relation to the conduct of the [ defendant 's ] trial ’ mr. pantry stated that the addendum was in the case file which was given to him when he was [given] to prosecute . he continued :

Ross Taylor , who did not appear below , ( assigned by the Registrar of Criminal Appeals ) for the appellant Wright .
ross taylor , who did not appear below , ( [given] by the registrar of criminal appeals ) for the appellant wright .

The tenancy was assigned to the plaintiffs .
the tenancy was [given] to the plaintiffs .

The name does not transliterate into any other language , and the advertising has been assigned to an agency without a real European capability .
the name does not transliterate into any other language , and the advertising has been [given] to an agency without a real european capability .

The components of e are evaluated , the results are then all assigned to the locations represented by x , and the process then terminates .
the components of e are evaluated , the results are then all [given] to the locations represented by x , and the process then terminates .

In the normal form we are forced to accept only one of these representations ; we choose the left hand one by insisting that pairs of expressions output on the same channel or assigned to the same variable be ordered .
in the normal form we are forced to accept only one of these representations ; we choose the left hand one by insisting that pairs of expressions output on the same channel or [given] to the same variable be ordered .

The reasons for demanding that expressions output on one channel , or assigned to the same variable , be uniformly ordered have already been explained .
the reasons for demanding that expressions output on one channel , or [given] to the same variable , be uniformly ordered have already been explained .

Suppose no two of the processes can communicate on the same global channel ( even internally ) , that the list contains each free variable that can be input or assigned to by one Pi and used ( in any way ) in another , and that no has a free occurrence of any of the channels .
suppose no two of the processes can communicate on the same global channel ( even internally ) , that the list contains each free variable that can be input or [given] to by one pi and used ( in any way ) in another , and that no has a free occurrence of any of the channels .

Or , fly at the last assigned altitude or minimum sector altitude , whichever is the higher .
or , fly at the last [given] altitude or minimum sector altitude , whichever is the higher .

Some uncertainty was admitted in relation to those factors , and ways of studying the impact of such uncertainties were shown , but then it was assumed that the uncertainties themselves were reasonably structured such that rough probabilities of outcomes could be assigned .
some uncertainty was admitted in relation to those factors , and ways of studying the impact of such uncertainties were shown , but then it was assumed that the uncertainties themselves were reasonably structured such that rough probabilities of outcomes could be [given] .

Spencerian analysis not only assigned women a narrow and subordinate role , but also stressed that this was necessary if human progress was to be sustained .
spencerian analysis not only [given] women a narrow and subordinate role , but also stressed that this was necessary if human progress was to be sustained .

But so long as the tribunal decides the question assigned to it by the law , its relative opinion will bind , subject to appeal .
but so long as the tribunal decides the question [given] to it by the law , its relative opinion will bind , subject to appeal .

The court is not allowed to peer inside at the meanings assigned to those elements , except to find a non-jurisdictional error .
the court is not allowed to peer inside at the meanings [given] to those elements , except to find a non-jurisdictional error .

The conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .
the conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its [given] area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .

Decisions as to political and social choice are made by the legislature , or by a person assigned the task by the legislature .
decisions as to political and social choice are made by the legislature , or by a person [given] the task by the legislature .

Differentiation , or specialization , involves not only the breaking down of the organization into functions , but also the formation of groups to support the tasks assigned to those functions .
differentiation , or specialization , involves not only the breaking down of the organization into functions , but also the formation of groups to support the tasks [given] to those functions .

This did not advocate a particular option but commented on specific alternatives ( for example , local sales tax , local income tax , poll tax , an assigned share of national taxes ) while ruling out others ( for example , local duties on petrol , alcohol or tobacco , local vehicle excise duty ; charges for licences for sale of alcohol or petrol ; and a local payroll tax ) .
this did not advocate a particular option but commented on specific alternatives ( for example , local sales tax , local income tax , poll tax , an [given] share of national taxes ) while ruling out others ( for example , local duties on petrol , alcohol or tobacco , local vehicle excise duty ; charges for licences for sale of alcohol or petrol ; and a local payroll tax ) .

When polar stocks of such cosmopolitan species are recognized as differing in form or physiology from temperate stocks , they are often assigned to separate subspecies or races .
when polar stocks of such cosmopolitan species are recognized as differing in form or physiology from temperate stocks , they are often [given] to separate subspecies or races .

It is hardly surprising that , at this stage , Moscow assigned little theoretical importance and a low priority in practice to the fate of the revolution in far-flung Latin America , obliged to live within the shadow of the United States and its 1823 Monroe Doctrine .
it is hardly surprising that , at this stage , moscow [given] little theoretical importance and a low priority in practice to the fate of the revolution in far-flung latin america , obliged to live within the shadow of the united states and its 1823 monroe doctrine .

This was where the Kha-Khan 's wives , if he had them , made their entertainment — a space at what was otherwise without question the heart of the government of the Khanate which was occupied with poetry and music , which men were wont to regard as idle pastimes — the place from which rumours were spread , and thus to which every lady of the court assigned an hour , or two , each day .
this was where the kha-khan 's wives , if he had them , made their entertainment — a space at what was otherwise without question the heart of the government of the khanate which was occupied with poetry and music , which men were wont to regard as idle pastimes — the place from which rumours were spread , and thus to which every lady of the court [given] an hour , or two , each day .

And they 've assigned me a prolific blighter ( 'lific blighter ) —
and they 've [given] me a prolific blighter ( 'lific blighter ) —

With her old friend , whose hair she was assigned
with her old friend , whose hair she was [given]

The liquidator of the sole company in liquidation indeed assigned the cause of action to him .
the liquidator of the sole company in liquidation indeed [given] the cause of action to him .

The only company in the case , Lionhope , was in liquidation , and the liquidator had assigned the cause of action to Mr Crawley .
the only company in the case , lionhope , was in liquidation , and the liquidator had [given] the cause of action to mr crawley .

The trustee in bankruptcy in whom the cause of action was vested , assigned it to the bankrupt , who covenanted to pay over 35 per cent of the net proceeds of any successful result .
the trustee in bankruptcy in whom the cause of action was vested , [given] it to the bankrupt , who covenanted to pay over 35 per cent of the net proceeds of any successful result .

Well before arrival , each competitor is assigned to a host family , and to be a host family is a tremendous prestige .
well before arrival , each competitor is [given] to a host family , and to be a host family is a tremendous prestige .

In Fort Worth , families vie for places as hosts , and then cheer for the competitors assigned to them .
in fort worth , families vie for places as hosts , and then cheer for the competitors [given] to them .

It is to the period immediately following the battle of the Winwaed that Oswiu 's wars with the Picts should probably be assigned .
it is to the period immediately following the battle of the winwaed that oswiu 's wars with the picts should probably be [given] .

In his Philosophie anatomique of 1818–22 , Geoffroy argued that the basic similarity that allowed all the vertebrates to be assigned to a single type of organization reflected something more than mere engineering efficiency .
in his philosophie anatomique of 1818–22 , geoffroy argued that the basic similarity that allowed all the vertebrates to be [given] to a single type of organization reflected something more than mere engineering efficiency .

Kit assigned them all a changing guard .
kit [given] them all a changing guard .

‘ They all reported to the police station they 'd been assigned to and they all went on to stand trial .
‘ they all reported to the police station they 'd been [given] to and they all went on to stand trial .

Responsibility is therefore the obligation to do something ; in an organisation , it is the duty of an official to carry out his assigned tasks .
responsibility is therefore the obligation to do something ; in an organisation , it is the duty of an official to carry out his [given] tasks .

the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly specified ( ie determine the required results ) . These should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be assigned to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;
the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly specified ( ie determine the required results ) . these should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be [given] to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;

These entries related to royal debts assigned to Elijah by way of compensation for debts pardoned by the Crown in favour of the abbey of Stratford , and the alterations allegedly had the effect of enriching Elijah at the Crown 's expense .
these entries related to royal debts [given] to elijah by way of compensation for debts pardoned by the crown in favour of the abbey of stratford , and the alterations allegedly had the effect of enriching elijah at the crown 's expense .

Likewise , when he secured a thirty-mark annual pension from the church of Wigan , he assigned ten marks to the fabric fund of the cathedral and twenty marks to the sacrist , of which half was to be assigned to six boys appointed by the bishop .
likewise , when he secured a thirty-mark annual pension from the church of wigan , he [given] ten marks to the fabric fund of the cathedral and twenty marks to the sacrist , of which half was to be [given] to six boys appointed by the bishop .

Hating the idea of killing , he had hoped to serve with the Medical Corps but instead was assigned to the ‘ Bantam ’ battalion , being , as he said , ‘ too short for any other ’ .
hating the idea of killing , he had hoped to serve with the medical corps but instead was [given] to the ‘ bantam ’ battalion , being , as he said , ‘ too short for any other ’ .

Stanley was also an able stuccoist , but , as with his sculptural works , little can as yet be assigned to him with certainty until the 1740s .
stanley was also an able stuccoist , but , as with his sculptural works , little can as yet be [given] to him with certainty until the 1740s .

He strongly opposed the orthodox post-colonial constitution proposed by the British government , in which he was assigned the role of constitutional monarch presiding over a Westminster-style parliament .
he strongly opposed the orthodox post-colonial constitution proposed by the british government , in which he was [given] the role of constitutional monarch presiding over a westminster-style parliament .

The process was assigned to the Cassel Company , international patents obtained , and MacArthur began to train young chemists and dispatch them with plant to virtually every gold-producing country .
the process was [given] to the cassel company , international patents obtained , and macarthur began to train young chemists and dispatch them with plant to virtually every gold-producing country .

Mettingham seems to have been assigned special responsibility for hearing quo warranto and related pleas on his eyre circuit , but this was certainly not the only business that he heard .
mettingham seems to have been [given] special responsibility for hearing quo warranto and related pleas on his eyre circuit , but this was certainly not the only business that he heard .

From 1285 onwards he was also ( like most of his colleagues ) assigned to take assizes during vacations in one of the newly reorganized assize circuits .
from 1285 onwards he was also ( like most of his colleagues ) [given] to take assizes during vacations in one of the newly reorganized assize circuits .

requested the loan of a philosophy text assigned to him ( Monumenta Franciscana , vol .
requested the loan of a philosophy text [given] to him ( monumenta franciscana , vol .

On the surrender of the abbey to the king 's commissioners in December 1539 , the buildings assigned ‘ to remain undefaced ’ were given into the custody of its former steward , Sir Edward Baynton , but all those ‘ deemed to be superfluous ’ were committed to Stumpe as Baynton 's deputy : they included the church , cloister , chapter house , dormitory , frater , and infirmary .
on the surrender of the abbey to the king 's commissioners in december 1539 , the buildings [given] ‘ to remain undefaced ’ were given into the custody of its former steward , sir edward baynton , but all those ‘ deemed to be superfluous ’ were committed to stumpe as baynton 's deputy : they included the church , cloister , chapter house , dormitory , frater , and infirmary .

The William de Brailes workshop in Oxford is the first workshop to which a name and a definite location can be assigned , and whose products can be identified .
the william de brailes workshop in oxford is the first workshop to which a name and a definite location can be [given] , and whose products can be identified .

Shortly after his arrival in West Africa he was assigned to a delegation for negotiating peace terms with the kingdom of Ashanti .
shortly after his arrival in west africa he was [given] to a delegation for negotiating peace terms with the kingdom of ashanti .

If a class is assigned a name or other designation , that too must be given in the statement .
if a class is [given] a name or other designation , that too must be given in the statement .

Normally the original allottee will not insert the name of the person to whom they are to be renounced and the effect is then to produce something similar to a short-term share warrant to bearer ; it is not a negotiable instrument but once the renunciation is signed by the original allottee , the rights can be assigned by manual delivery of the allotment letter without a formal transfer .
normally the original allottee will not insert the name of the person to whom they are to be renounced and the effect is then to produce something similar to a short-term share warrant to bearer ; it is not a negotiable instrument but once the renunciation is signed by the original allottee , the rights can be [given] by manual delivery of the allotment letter without a formal transfer .

In this region the integration of the drainage pattern is so good that practically every point in the area can be assigned to one or another of the former drainage basins .
in this region the integration of the drainage pattern is so good that practically every point in the area can be [given] to one or another of the former drainage basins .

All enrolling students are assigned to a personal tutor , normally an academic teaching in one of their fields , who has responsibility for a total of about a dozen students in various years of the Course .
all enrolling students are [given] to a personal tutor , normally an academic teaching in one of their fields , who has responsibility for a total of about a dozen students in various years of the course .

Modules are assigned to levels , the higher levels using proportionally more groupwork and projects and , correspondingly , placing less reliance on lectures .
modules are [given] to levels , the higher levels using proportionally more groupwork and projects and , correspondingly , placing less reliance on lectures .

This requirement is greater if the processing involved includes , for example , deciding who will teach a class , when the class will be taught , and to what room the class will be assigned .
this requirement is greater if the processing involved includes , for example , deciding who will teach a class , when the class will be taught , and to what room the class will be [given] .

This process simply involves , for each student , assembling the details of hours , days and rooms for each assigned set for each module , and printing it on a grid on a timetable form .
this process simply involves , for each student , assembling the details of hours , days and rooms for each [given] set for each module , and printing it on a grid on a timetable form .

The client , whether supported out of public funds or fee-paying , should always have a free choice among available lawyers and should not be required to retain an assigned lawyer .
the client , whether supported out of public funds or fee-paying , should always have a free choice among available lawyers and should not be required to retain an [given] lawyer .

The Legal Action Group attacked the Report on all fronts , making particularly strong comment about the failure to recommend significant changes in the private profession and the ineffectual role assigned to the proposed Council for Legal Services .
the legal action group attacked the report on all fronts , making particularly strong comment about the failure to recommend significant changes in the private profession and the ineffectual role [given] to the proposed council for legal services .

The modern legal aid scheme , which provides financial assistance ( subject to eligibility ) in connection with proceedings in most of our civil courts , has come a long way since 1495 when statute provided for poor people , at the discretion of the Lord Chancellor , to sue without payment to the Crown , and to have lawyers assigned to them without fee .
the modern legal aid scheme , which provides financial assistance ( subject to eligibility ) in connection with proceedings in most of our civil courts , has come a long way since 1495 when statute provided for poor people , at the discretion of the lord chancellor , to sue without payment to the crown , and to have lawyers [given] to them without fee .

The National Health Service and Community Care Act ( 1990 ) has assigned to local authority social services departments the lead responsibility for the co-ordination and production of community care assessments of individual older people and the process of development of criteria , mechanisms , and models of assessment is underway in most social service departments .
the national health service and community care act ( 1990 ) has [given] to local authority social services departments the lead responsibility for the co-ordination and production of community care assessments of individual older people and the process of development of criteria , mechanisms , and models of assessment is underway in most social service departments .

( 3 ) The value of a symbolic good depends upon the value which is assigned to it by the relevant consumer community .
( 3 ) the value of a symbolic good depends upon the value which is [given] to it by the relevant consumer community .

Picked up by Taxi George , he was steered successfully to the Filanta hotel , where the receptionist duly assigned him to the ‘ hot ’ suite .
picked up by taxi george , he was steered successfully to the filanta hotel , where the receptionist duly [given] him to the ‘ hot ’ suite .

Lucy Lane was assigned to the bookshop ; among other things to keep an eye on the opening of the safe .
lucy lane was [given] to the bookshop ; among other things to keep an eye on the opening of the safe .

We praise you for the way that you have assigned these to the craftsmen of all kinds who have been involved .
we praise you for the way that you have [given] these to the craftsmen of all kinds who have been involved .

The private company was assigned the task of monitoring its own operations , which we find unacceptable .
the private company was [given] the task of monitoring its own operations , which we find unacceptable .

However , we believe there are limitations in the extent to which such impacts can be assigned strict quantitative values .
however , we believe there are limitations in the extent to which such impacts can be [given] strict quantitative values .

However , we believe there are limitations in the extent to which such impacts can be assigned strict quantitative values .
however , we believe there are limitations in the extent to which such impacts can be [given] strict quantitative values .

Each member of a committee assigned a specific area of work should be encouraged to recruit a small Working Group from outside the committee to help them .
each member of a committee [given] a specific area of work should be encouraged to recruit a small working group from outside the committee to help them .

their value as sources of human enrichment should be recognised and assigned greater importance ; and
their value as sources of human enrichment should be recognised and [given] greater importance ; and

In the past we maintained a central pool of expertise — a flying squad — available to help out on regionally based projects ; now the regions have that expertise permanently assigned to them .
in the past we maintained a central pool of expertise — a flying squad — available to help out on regionally based projects ; now the regions have that expertise permanently [given] to them .

In spite of these affinities , however , it should be remembered that the Kingscote mosaic itself is assigned only tentatively to integral group ( a ) : it could overlap with , or be considered part of , integral group ( b ) .
in spite of these affinities , however , it should be remembered that the kingscote mosaic itself is [given] only tentatively to integral group ( a ) : it could overlap with , or be considered part of , integral group ( b ) .

At least eight mosaics can be assigned to this group of banded geometric designs and meanders : the Harpham labyrinth mosaic ( pI .
at least eight mosaics can be [given] to this group of banded geometric designs and meanders : the harpham labyrinth mosaic ( pi .

where the speaker meant exactly what he said , no more , no less ) , the same content would be assigned both to semantics and pragmatics In other words , we would need to restrict the notion of utterance-meaning in such a way that we subtract sentence-meaning , and in that case we are back to a definition of pragmatics by residue .
where the speaker meant exactly what he said , no more , no less ) , the same content would be [given] both to semantics and pragmatics in other words , we would need to restrict the notion of utterance-meaning in such a way that we subtract sentence-meaning , and in that case we are back to a definition of pragmatics by residue .

On the same assumption , there is another overwhelming problem for the proposal : for it is not sentences but rather utterances-that make definite statements , and thus can sensibly be assigned truth conditions ( as philosophers have long noted ; see e.g .
on the same assumption , there is another overwhelming problem for the proposal : for it is not sentences but rather utterances-that make definite statements , and thus can sensibly be [given] truth conditions ( as philosophers have long noted ; see e.g .

For , if one accepts a truth-conditional semantics then one is forced to state truth conditions on sentences-in-contexts , or if one prefers ( as Katz would ) that semantics is concerned with aspects of meaning assigned by convention to linguistic forms , then one includes context-dependent aspects of meaning within semantics .
for , if one accepts a truth-conditional semantics then one is forced to state truth conditions on sentences-in-contexts , or if one prefers ( as katz would ) that semantics is concerned with aspects of meaning [given] by convention to linguistic forms , then one includes context-dependent aspects of meaning within semantics .

For example , we have already noted the argument ( and see Chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth conditions can only be assigned to utterances , not sentences — in other words , contextual specifications are a necessary input to a semantic component , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .
for example , we have already noted the argument ( and see chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth conditions can only be [given] to utterances , not sentences — in other words , contextual specifications are a necessary input to a semantic component , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .

It is possible , in response to these apparent counter-examples to a context-independent notion of linguistic competence , simply to retreat : the rules can be left unconstrained and allowed to generate unacceptable sentences , and a performance theory of pragmatics assigned the job of filtering out the acceptable sentences .
it is possible , in response to these apparent counter-examples to a context-independent notion of linguistic competence , simply to retreat : the rules can be left unconstrained and allowed to generate unacceptable sentences , and a performance theory of pragmatics [given] the job of filtering out the acceptable sentences .

It is a version of truth-conditional semantics , though , in which not sentences , but only utterances in context , can be assigned the propositions they express .
it is a version of truth-conditional semantics , though , in which not sentences , but only utterances in context , can be [given] the propositions they express .

The headship of the amalgamated department will be assigned by the Hebdomadal Council from time to time for specified periods of not less than five years to one of the persons holding an established academic post in the department , normally with the title of professor or reader .
the headship of the amalgamated department will be [given] by the hebdomadal council from time to time for specified periods of not less than five years to one of the persons holding an established academic post in the department , normally with the title of professor or reader .

The professor shall have the charge of such laboratory or department and of such collections as may be assigned to him by decree , and shall make provision for the lighting , warming , water-supply , and cleansing of the buildings assigned to him .
the professor shall have the charge of such laboratory or department and of such collections as may be [given] to him by decree , and shall make provision for the lighting , warming , water-supply , and cleansing of the buildings [given] to him .

The headship of the Physical and Theoretical Chemistry Laboratory is assigned by the Hebdomadal Council , on the recommendation of the Physical Sciences Board and of the General Board of the Faculties , for specified periods of not less than five years , to a person holding an established academic post in the department , who will usually be a professor or reader or the holder of such a title .
the headship of the physical and theoretical chemistry laboratory is [given] by the hebdomadal council , on the recommendation of the physical sciences board and of the general board of the faculties , for specified periods of not less than five years , to a person holding an established academic post in the department , who will usually be a professor or reader or the holder of such a title .

The boy was assigned to a work detail under James Russell and that was how the two became friends .
the boy was [given] to a work detail under james russell and that was how the two became friends .

Participants are assigned to one of the College 's Faculty Groups .
participants are [given] to one of the college 's faculty groups .

The dependence on I-interpretation means that texts assigned to the left tend to be potentially ambiguous or multiply interpretable texts .
the dependence on i-interpretation means that texts [given] to the left tend to be potentially ambiguous or multiply interpretable texts .

9.20 Limitation on liability Before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : On an assignment of this Lease in pursuance of the Landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the Landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this Lease in such form as the Landlord shall reasonably require Although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .
9.20 limitation on liability before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : on an assignment of this lease in pursuance of the landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this lease in such form as the landlord shall reasonably require although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having [given] their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .

Therefore , it is appropriate to insert such safeguarding words as : So long as the buyer shall remain in possession of the lease and shall not have assigned the same .
therefore , it is appropriate to insert such safeguarding words as : so long as the buyer shall remain in possession of the lease and shall not have [given] the same .

There 's one case , however , where a buyer can be told at the inception of a matter that the lease will provide that it ca n't be assigned without the lessor 's licence : the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and one or two other bodies insist on such a covenant in all their leases .
there 's one case , however , where a buyer can be told at the inception of a matter that the lease will provide that it ca n't be [given] without the lessor 's licence : the ecclesiastical commissioners and one or two other bodies insist on such a covenant in all their leases .

( f ) Notice to insurance society When an endowment insurance policy on the life of a buyer-borrower is to be assigned to that person 's mortgagee ( commonly building society or bank ) notice of the assignment must be given to the insurance society when the policy has been assigned .
( f ) notice to insurance society when an endowment insurance policy on the life of a buyer-borrower is to be [given] to that person 's mortgagee ( commonly building society or bank ) notice of the assignment must be given to the insurance society when the policy has been [given] .

It is common for bulk work providers to have a lawyer assigned to them as a contact point .
it is common for bulk work providers to have a lawyer [given] to them as a contact point .

For a statute or a past decision poses problems of consistency in strategy only when it has assigned people legal rights that a judge forming a new rule is for some reason powerless to change , rights that would work badly with the new rights he wants to create .
for a statute or a past decision poses problems of consistency in strategy only when it has [given] people legal rights that a judge forming a new rule is for some reason powerless to change , rights that would work badly with the new rights he wants to create .

They suppose that collective responsibility can be assigned only through something like the first method we noticed in the accident example .
they suppose that collective responsibility can be [given] only through something like the first method we noticed in the accident example .

Keywords are assigned to resources that match both pupil and teacher criteria , the inquiry/communicating skills required of pupils and the resources being indexed .
keywords are [given] to resources that match both pupil and teacher criteria , the inquiry/communicating skills required of pupils and the resources being indexed .

At the very least , the players assigned to the haute-contre and taille parts would have been silent .
at the very least , the players [given] to the haute-contre and taille parts would have been silent .

Les nopces de village is the only work in which he was assigned a soprano part .
les nopces de village is the only work in which he was [given] a soprano part .

The choice of vocal register harks back , of course , to Lully 's operas , where basses were assigned the roles of ‘ second-ranking and spurned lovers ’ .
the choice of vocal register harks back , of course , to lully 's operas , where basses were [given] the roles of ‘ second-ranking and spurned lovers ’ .

Finally she assigned them into pairs .
finally she [given] them into pairs .

Silvio never discussed jobs , he simply assigned them .
silvio never discussed jobs , he simply [given] them .

Since monetary and fiscal policies had been assigned the role of guaranteeing the maintenance of full employment , the traditional neoclassical preoccupation with efficiency in the face of scarcity could come back into its own .
since monetary and fiscal policies had been [given] the role of guaranteeing the maintenance of full employment , the traditional neoclassical preoccupation with efficiency in the face of scarcity could come back into its own .

If the interim payment was specifically assigned to one head of damage ( eg on account of nursing services or the cost of a specially modified bungalow for a quadraplegic ) there is no difficulty , and the note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 White Book encourages the court to assign the payment to special damages to simplify the calculation of interest at trial .
if the interim payment was specifically [given] to one head of damage ( eg on account of nursing services or the cost of a specially modified bungalow for a quadraplegic ) there is no difficulty , and the note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 white book encourages the court to assign the payment to special damages to simplify the calculation of interest at trial .

1.64 In Chambers v Karia where the order had not assigned the payment to any particular head of damage the whole of the interim payment was deducted just from special damages and not applied pro rata to all the heads of damage awarded , which does seem to be the correct approach .
1.64 in chambers v karia where the order had not [given] the payment to any particular head of damage the whole of the interim payment was deducted just from special damages and not applied pro rata to all the heads of damage awarded , which does seem to be the correct approach .

Generally , there will be a requirement that the landlord 's consent is obtained before the lease can be assigned .
generally , there will be a requirement that the landlord 's consent is obtained before the lease can be [given] .

Often on a business transfer , parties to contracts with the vendor will need to consent to or agree to the contract being assigned or novated to the purchaser .
often on a business transfer , parties to contracts with the vendor will need to consent to or agree to the contract being [given] or novated to the purchaser .

Whether or not a contract is of a personal nature is determined on objective grounds and depends on all the circumstances having regard to the nature of the contract and the subject matter of the rights to be assigned and there is no general rule .
whether or not a contract is of a personal nature is determined on objective grounds and depends on all the circumstances having regard to the nature of the contract and the subject matter of the rights to be [given] and there is no general rule .

The main exception to the procedures for statutory and common law assignments is where the benefit to be assigned relates to a personal contract ( see above ) .
the main exception to the procedures for statutory and common law assignments is where the benefit to be [given] relates to a personal contract ( see above ) .

However , the issue is discussed here as it does to a certain extent relate to customer and supplier contracts that are being assigned .
however , the issue is discussed here as it does to a certain extent relate to customer and supplier contracts that are being [given] .

Each of the pieces of paper containing a single sentence was then drawn in random sequence , and each sentence was assigned a letter from the consecutive sequence ( a ) — ( k ) .
each of the pieces of paper containing a single sentence was then drawn in random sequence , and each sentence was [given] a letter from the consecutive sequence ( a ) — ( k ) .

Women are either absent , or present fulfilling for the most part the roles which were assigned to women in that society .
women are either absent , or present fulfilling for the most part the roles which were [given] to women in that society .

4 The Levitical families are assigned their jobs
4 the levitical families are [given] their jobs

Yet he had never been assigned any lands from which he might maintain himself and his Queen in their proper estate .
yet he had never been [given] any lands from which he might maintain himself and his queen in their proper estate .

Conventionality and Contrast together allow speakers to be consistent from one occasion to the next in their uses of the conventional meanings assigned to linguistic forms , and to maintain the same form-meaning pairings over time .
conventionality and contrast together allow speakers to be consistent from one occasion to the next in their uses of the conventional meanings [given] to linguistic forms , and to maintain the same form-meaning pairings over time .

new words are to be assigned to gaps in the lexicon ;
new words are to be [given] to gaps in the lexicon ;

At the same time , adults are consistent in using form b ( gardener , let us say ) , with just the meaning assigned by the child to form a , plant-man .
at the same time , adults are consistent in using form b ( gardener , let us say ) , with just the meaning [given] by the child to form a , plant-man .

’ They ‘ function not as technical specialists but as polyvalent managers ’ , and expect to have technicians assigned to them to do detailed and routine tasks .
’ they ‘ function not as technical specialists but as polyvalent managers ’ , and expect to have technicians [given] to them to do detailed and routine tasks .

Knowing we can either ( i ) Solve with one element of arbitrarily assigned .
knowing we can either ( i ) solve with one element of arbitrarily [given] .

One element of can be arbitrarily assigned : here we assign the value 1 to the third element and solve which , if we omit one column ( e.g .
one element of can be arbitrarily [given] : here we assign the value 1 to the third element and solve which , if we omit one column ( e.g .

Deputation after deputation came pouring in from constituencies whose candidatures had been assigned to Lloyd George Liberals .
deputation after deputation came pouring in from constituencies whose candidatures had been [given] to lloyd george liberals .

We acknowledge that measurement imparts some disturbance to the system observed but we see no barrier of principle to reducing this to any arbitrary assigned degree of smallness .
we acknowledge that measurement imparts some disturbance to the system observed but we see no barrier of principle to reducing this to any arbitrary [given] degree of smallness .

Two such quantities q and p are always related physically by the fact that their combined dimensions are those of action ; that is , the product q p can always be assigned a value in units of Planck 's constant k .
two such quantities q and p are always related physically by the fact that their combined dimensions are those of action ; that is , the product q p can always be [given] a value in units of planck 's constant k .

You will remember that electrons have a quantity called spin whose component in any assigned direction can take only two values , `` up `` or `` down `` ( p. 22 ) .
you will remember that electrons have a quantity called spin whose component in any [given] direction can take only two values , `` up `` or `` down `` ( p. 22 ) .

It is not Leavis 's goal to produce `` national intellectuals `` to serve as state missionaries , but rather a free.floating and critical educated class , membership of which is characterized by a particular kind of mental orientation : `` It is an intelligence so trained that is best fitted to develop into the central kind of mind , the co-ordinating consciousness , capable of performing the function assigned to the class of the educate . ``
it is not leavis 's goal to produce `` national intellectuals `` to serve as state missionaries , but rather a free.floating and critical educated class , membership of which is characterized by a particular kind of mental orientation : `` it is an intelligence so trained that is best fitted to develop into the central kind of mind , the co-ordinating consciousness , capable of performing the function [given] to the class of the educate . ``

Many development professionals resist raising women 's concerns in development discussions as a separate issue to be analysed and assigned programmes .
many development professionals resist raising women 's concerns in development discussions as a separate issue to be analysed and [given] programmes .

In another room is ‘ Christ carrying the cross ’ from the Scuola di San Rocco , which was given to Titian at the Palazzo Ducale a couple of years ago , but is here assigned to Giorgione .
in another room is ‘ christ carrying the cross ’ from the scuola di san rocco , which was given to titian at the palazzo ducale a couple of years ago , but is here [given] to giorgione .

It is certainly interesting for specialists to see this odd and disagreeable picture , whose attribution was upheld by Roberto Longhi , but it is difficult to detect any point of contact between it and the other exhibits assigned to Giorgione at Palazzo Grassi .
it is certainly interesting for specialists to see this odd and disagreeable picture , whose attribution was upheld by roberto longhi , but it is difficult to detect any point of contact between it and the other exhibits [given] to giorgione at palazzo grassi .

In February 1284 , Constance de Béarn , vicomtesse of Marsan , complained that her claim to the comté of Bigorre had been assigned a hearing by Jean de Grilly , seneschal of Gascony , at Langon in the Bazadais because , she alleged , he knew that ‘ the customs of Bazadais were against her , and that the opposing parties would be aided by those customs ’ .
in february 1284 , constance de béarn , vicomtesse of marsan , complained that her claim to the comté of bigorre had been [given] a hearing by jean de grilly , seneschal of gascony , at langon in the bazadais because , she alleged , he knew that ‘ the customs of bazadais were against her , and that the opposing parties would be aided by those customs ’ .

Some of her findings are set out in Table 1.2 below ; this compares the ranks of men and women employed in certain occupations with the ranks assigned by a sample of respondents to the wives of men in these occupations .
some of her findings are set out in table 1.2 below ; this compares the ranks of men and women employed in certain occupations with the ranks [given] by a sample of respondents to the wives of men in these occupations .

vicarious role they are assigned in the sociology of stratification .
vicarious role they are [given] in the sociology of stratification .

Yet the prevailing treatment of women workers defines them as a particular and different sub-group of the general category ‘ workers ’ ( this parallels the role they are assigned in the study of deviance ) .
yet the prevailing treatment of women workers defines them as a particular and different sub-group of the general category ‘ workers ’ ( this parallels the role they are [given] in the study of deviance ) .

An editor can then check one representative word from each small class as to its correct meaning in context , and this meaning can then be assigned to all other words in this class .
an editor can then check one representative word from each small class as to its correct meaning in context , and this meaning can then be [given] to all other words in this class .

For example , the words ’ made ’ , ’ making ’ and ’ makes ’ are all assigned the same index as the word ’ make ’ .
for example , the words ’ made ’ , ’ making ’ and ’ makes ’ are all [given] the same index as the word ’ make ’ .

All function words in this list are assigned an index of zero , to indicate their lack of semantic content and hence non-participation in the overlap process .
all function words in this list are [given] an index of zero , to indicate their lack of semantic content and hence non-participation in the overlap process .

At this point , any function words are assigned a score equal to the maximum overlap score multiplied by a constant ( they were not overlapped by the program and therefore have a score of zero so far ) .
at this point , any function words are [given] a score equal to the maximum overlap score multiplied by a constant ( they were not overlapped by the program and therefore have a score of zero so far ) .

However , the rules by which such indices are assigned to words are not totally reliable .
however , the rules by which such indices are [given] to words are not totally reliable .

The compilation of a lexicon therefore requires considerable manual intervention to ensure that indices have been assigned in a reliable manner that fits the application .
the compilation of a lexicon therefore requires considerable manual intervention to ensure that indices have been [given] in a reliable manner that fits the application .

However , it is possible to compensate for definition length by dividing the score assigned to any overlapping pair of words by the joint length of their definitions .
however , it is possible to compensate for definition length by dividing the score [given] to any overlapping pair of words by the joint length of their definitions .

Gloucester seems already to have had control of the forest , and granted a fee from two closes there in 1473 , which suggests that it may have been assigned to him as warden of the west march , although this is nowhere explicitly stated .
gloucester seems already to have had control of the forest , and granted a fee from two closes there in 1473 , which suggests that it may have been [given] to him as warden of the west march , although this is nowhere explicitly stated .

Against the historical unification we would stress that sex is relational , is shaped in social interaction , and can only be understood in its historical context , in terms of the cultural meanings assigned to it , and in terms of the internal , subjective meanings of the sexed individuals that emerge .
against the historical unification we would stress that sex is relational , is shaped in social interaction , and can only be understood in its historical context , in terms of the cultural meanings [given] to it , and in terms of the internal , subjective meanings of the sexed individuals that emerge .

Changes in the organisation of inheritance , the importance assigned to primogeniture , shifts in the rules of exogamy and in the permitted degrees of marriages , in the construction of family forms in ideology and in welfare practices , the class differences in family and household patterns , the shaping of sex and gender divisions : all have to be taken into account in the organisation of sexuality .
changes in the organisation of inheritance , the importance [given] to primogeniture , shifts in the rules of exogamy and in the permitted degrees of marriages , in the construction of family forms in ideology and in welfare practices , the class differences in family and household patterns , the shaping of sex and gender divisions : all have to be taken into account in the organisation of sexuality .

In all these versions the family is seen as having a direct relationship with the wider society , being that social form within which people are assigned a place in society and where they internalise the values of that place and which shapes sexual attitudes to conform to wider social needs .
in all these versions the family is seen as having a direct relationship with the wider society , being that social form within which people are [given] a place in society and where they internalise the values of that place and which shapes sexual attitudes to conform to wider social needs .

As the Minority Report put it : ‘ The national Authority dealing with the able-bodied requires … what we might almost term a Human Sorting House , where each man 's faculties would be tested to see what could be made of him ; and a series of Training Establishments , to one or other of which the heterogeneous residuum of Unemployed would be assigned .
as the minority report put it : ‘ the national authority dealing with the able-bodied requires … what we might almost term a human sorting house , where each man 's faculties would be tested to see what could be made of him ; and a series of training establishments , to one or other of which the heterogeneous residuum of unemployed would be [given] .

When some sociologists talk of the ‘ socialization function of the family ’ , therefore , they are not talking of a family deliberately and consciously performing a function assigned to it from outside by ‘ society ’ , but rather of a more subtle process that arises out of the facts of being married , of sharing a residence over a long period of time , and of parenthood .
when some sociologists talk of the ‘ socialization function of the family ’ , therefore , they are not talking of a family deliberately and consciously performing a function [given] to it from outside by ‘ society ’ , but rather of a more subtle process that arises out of the facts of being married , of sharing a residence over a long period of time , and of parenthood .

Within each group each individual had a specific ranking , but now the hierarchy was imposed by convention rather than being formally assigned .
within each group each individual had a specific ranking , but now the hierarchy was imposed by convention rather than being formally [given] .

The Factoring Convention embraces transactions in which goods are supplied under a contract of sale and the resulting receivables assigned by the supplier to the factor .
the factoring convention embraces transactions in which goods are supplied under a contract of sale and the resulting receivables [given] by the supplier to the factor .

The task , assigned to humanity by God , was that of transforming , by chemical means , the raw products of nature into a state that made them serviceable .
the task , [given] to humanity by god , was that of transforming , by chemical means , the raw products of nature into a state that made them serviceable .

Not the least of Gardiner 's achievements lay in getting Parliamentary Counsel assigned full time to the Commissions .
not the least of gardiner 's achievements lay in getting parliamentary counsel [given] full time to the commissions .

The Whitehall demarcations described in Chapter 1 assigned responsibility for the criminal law and penal establishments to the Home Office , as well as the oversight of certain agencies of criminal justice : notably the police and the probation service .
the whitehall demarcations described in chapter 1 [given] responsibility for the criminal law and penal establishments to the home office , as well as the oversight of certain agencies of criminal justice : notably the police and the probation service .

Most inexplicably of all , the Master of Lovat 's Regiment at Dunbar is assigned to Sir James Fraser of Brea , who is then alleged to have died of his wounds shortly after .
most inexplicably of all , the master of lovat 's regiment at dunbar is [given] to sir james fraser of brea , who is then alleged to have died of his wounds shortly after .

They distinguish between the function of language as imparting meaning , ‘ making statements which can be assigned a set of truth conditions ’ ( ibid . )
they distinguish between the function of language as imparting meaning , ‘ making statements which can be [given] a set of truth conditions ’ ( ibid . )

The system provides several different types of room racks with innovations and signals that can provide information for the receptionists ; for example , pockets can have a centre window with two-colour sliding signals which can be moved to show red when the room has been assigned , yellow when the room is ‘ on change ’ and clear when the room is ready for letting .
the system provides several different types of room racks with innovations and signals that can provide information for the receptionists ; for example , pockets can have a centre window with two-colour sliding signals which can be moved to show red when the room has been [given] , yellow when the room is ‘ on change ’ and clear when the room is ready for letting .

For each of these problems a problem report will be entered into the computer system and assigned to the Computer Group Manager .
for each of these problems a problem report will be entered into the computer system and [given] to the computer group manager .

When a problem is assigned to a Problem Solver , a message will be left in his ‘ reader file ’ .
when a problem is [given] to a problem solver , a message will be left in his ‘ reader file ’ .

Each member of the Computer Group should access their ‘ reader file ’ regularly to determine if a problem has been assigned .
each member of the computer group should access their ‘ reader file ’ regularly to determine if a problem has been [given] .

For each problem assigned to him , the Problem Solver should :
for each problem [given] to him , the problem solver should :

When the problem has been resolved , the Problem Solver should obtain the agreement of the Test Manager or the Computer Group Manager , depending on who originally assigned the problem to him , to close the problem report . After obtaining this agreement the Problem Solver should :
when the problem has been resolved , the problem solver should obtain the agreement of the test manager or the computer group manager , depending on who originally [given] the problem to him , to close the problem report . after obtaining this agreement the problem solver should :

This status should be updated as the problem is assigned for solving and action is taken to resolve the problem .
this status should be updated as the problem is [given] for solving and action is taken to resolve the problem .

the Problem Solver has access to all problem reports but may only list reports assigned to him .
the problem solver has access to all problem reports but may only list reports [given] to him .

In this 1200 women were randomly assigned to either cardiotocography alone or cardiotocography plus waveform analysis ; the operative delivery rate for ‘ fetal distress ’ was double in the group assigned to cardiotocography alone .
in this 1200 women were randomly [given] to either cardiotocography alone or cardiotocography plus waveform analysis ; the operative delivery rate for ‘ fetal distress ’ was double in the group [given] to cardiotocography alone .

These methods sections were assessed independently by two reviewers with respect to randomisation ( individual , cluster , or none ) , use of a placebo , loss to follow up , measuring outcome blind to treatment assigned .
these methods sections were assessed independently by two reviewers with respect to randomisation ( individual , cluster , or none ) , use of a placebo , loss to follow up , measuring outcome blind to treatment [given] .

Bell also took exception to the briefing provided by the task force assigned to his department .
bell also took exception to the briefing provided by the task force [given] to his department .

Beginning as a Cossack revolt against government encroachment on their traditional liberties , the uprising rapidly attracted support from Old Believers , minority nationalities trying to shake off Russian colonization ( most notably the Bashkirs ) , serfs assigned to work in the mines and factories of the Urals , and tens of thousands of peasants .
beginning as a cossack revolt against government encroachment on their traditional liberties , the uprising rapidly attracted support from old believers , minority nationalities trying to shake off russian colonization ( most notably the bashkirs ) , serfs [given] to work in the mines and factories of the urals , and tens of thousands of peasants .

Cases were assigned to areas according to their residence address at diagnosis as defined for the national cancer registration scheme .
cases were [given] to areas according to their residence address at diagnosis as defined for the national cancer registration scheme .

Because schools rather than individual pupils were assigned to intervention groups responses of pupils within a school ( cluster ) tend to be correlated and hence the effective sample size is less than the number of students surveyed .
because schools rather than individual pupils were [given] to intervention groups responses of pupils within a school ( cluster ) tend to be correlated and hence the effective sample size is less than the number of students surveyed .

For a period of six months in British Airways all personnel and training staff were taken away from their normal duties and assigned to the task of helping with the process of change .
for a period of six months in british airways all personnel and training staff were taken away from their normal duties and [given] to the task of helping with the process of change .

to assist in the management of the editing and integrating processes it is desirable that update privilege be assigned temporarily to sections of text ( probably main headwords )
to assist in the management of the editing and integrating processes it is desirable that update privilege be [given] temporarily to sections of text ( probably main headwords )

authorization may be assigned to more than one person
authorization may be [given] to more than one person

Bundle : first PSN/last PSN/group/last assigned PSN/window/first lemmatised form/last lemmatised form
bundle : first psn/last psn/group/last [given] psn/window/first lemmatised form/last lemmatised form

Next : next entity number This field contains the next unique entity number to be assigned by the system .
next : next entity number this field contains the next unique entity number to be [given] by the system .

Such a class of behaviours includes going on to another task of a kind similar to that assigned by the teacher at one level and exploratory behaviour at a ‘ higher ’ level .
such a class of behaviours includes going on to another task of a kind similar to that [given] by the teacher at one level and exploratory behaviour at a ‘ higher ’ level .

They are assigned to a team and introduced ( if that 's the word ) to their team leader .
they are [given] to a team and introduced ( if that 's the word ) to their team leader .

Two factors in particular are responsible for the difference : first , the large number of children assigned to the care of a single adult and , second , the curricular aims which provide the framework for most of the activities that take place .
two factors in particular are responsible for the difference : first , the large number of children [given] to the care of a single adult and , second , the curricular aims which provide the framework for most of the activities that take place .

We are trying to get Salvadorean women to start asking questions about the role society has traditionally assigned then , .
we are trying to get salvadorean women to start asking questions about the role society has traditionally [given] then , .

Altogether teachers from 36 schools participated in these groups ; a member of the project team was assigned to each group and meetings were initially held once or twice a term .
altogether teachers from 36 schools participated in these groups ; a member of the project team was [given] to each group and meetings were initially held once or twice a term .

Chapter 6 considers the question of how tasks can be assigned to levels within and between topics .
chapter 6 considers the question of how tasks can be [given] to levels within and between topics .

More precisely , it is the conception of something which has the nature assigned to it above all by the independent nomic conditional ( 5 ) .
more precisely , it is the conception of something which has the nature [given] to it above all by the independent nomic conditional ( 5 ) .

( ii ) Contents , in the case of sensation , lack such a connection , but are in a special way qualitative and are somehow assigned a bodily location .
( ii ) contents , in the case of sensation , lack such a connection , but are in a special way qualitative and are somehow [given] a bodily location .

The early animal links were therefore retained either in the god 's shape , in the attributes assigned to him , or in his association with certain animals deemed to be sacred to him .
the early animal links were therefore retained either in the god 's shape , in the attributes [given] to him , or in his association with certain animals deemed to be sacred to him .

The crown did possess vast estates but lands wee assigned to temples and to individuals .
the crown did possess vast estates but lands wee [given] to temples and to individuals .

Some find great benefit in identifying a small group of staff who for a limited period are assigned to a relief pool , for the sole purpose of filling unexpected gaps in staffing or adding strength to a ward team at times of peak workload .
some find great benefit in identifying a small group of staff who for a limited period are [given] to a relief pool , for the sole purpose of filling unexpected gaps in staffing or adding strength to a ward team at times of peak workload .

Those assigned to the relief pool will be allocated to a particular patient area before starting duty each day .
those [given] to the relief pool will be allocated to a particular patient area before starting duty each day .

The Chinese definitions are complex : there are new entrants to the job market who are ‘ waiting for employment ’ ; those who have become unemployed because of new reforms which include a bankruptcy law ; those who refuse job assignment ; concealed unemployment where labour has been assigned to enterprises to maintain a fiction of full employment ; and surplus labour — peasants with little or nothing to do — in the rural areas .
the chinese definitions are complex : there are new entrants to the job market who are ‘ waiting for employment ’ ; those who have become unemployed because of new reforms which include a bankruptcy law ; those who refuse job assignment ; concealed unemployment where labour has been [given] to enterprises to maintain a fiction of full employment ; and surplus labour — peasants with little or nothing to do — in the rural areas .

By the way , despite what Dove is quoted as saying in the note , there is a direct quotation from his ‘ assigned ’ opera , Figaro : in No .
by the way , despite what dove is quoted as saying in the note , there is a direct quotation from his ‘ [given] ’ opera , figaro : in no .

In the country areas in England the Overseers of the Poor Law assigned foundlings to paid nurses .
in the country areas in england the overseers of the poor law [given] foundlings to paid nurses .

That there is no third kind is crucial for the denial that Reason has the sort of task which Newton assigned it in detecting the underlying order of things .
that there is no third kind is crucial for the denial that reason has the sort of task which newton [given] it in detecting the underlying order of things .

It is almost as if the man assigned the task has been chosen by lot , except that the drawing seems to have been fixed .
it is almost as if the man [given] the task has been chosen by lot , except that the drawing seems to have been fixed .

The new policy will come into effect in June 1992 , and is a revision of previous policy which assigned a number of areas within the building to smokers .
the new policy will come into effect in june 1992 , and is a revision of previous policy which [given] a number of areas within the building to smokers .

But the roles assigned to the various characters , and the preponderance of officers over seamen , was a matter of literary choice and not of social prejudice .
but the roles [given] to the various characters , and the preponderance of officers over seamen , was a matter of literary choice and not of social prejudice .

Ernst Richter was the latest recruit from the academy , having arrived the previous day , and he had been assigned to work with Mauer for the first month so that his temperament and personality could be assessed to ensure that later on he would be paired with the right partner .
ernst richter was the latest recruit from the academy , having arrived the previous day , and he had been [given] to work with mauer for the first month so that his temperament and personality could be assessed to ensure that later on he would be paired with the right partner .

Floating exchange rates have the added advantage that responsibility for the burden of adjustment does not have to be assigned to particular countries : with floating , the exchange rate mechanism itself should lead to an appreciation of strong currencies and a depreciation of weak currencies .
floating exchange rates have the added advantage that responsibility for the burden of adjustment does not have to be [given] to particular countries : with floating , the exchange rate mechanism itself should lead to an appreciation of strong currencies and a depreciation of weak currencies .

Candidates will be assigned an office role within a scenario and provided with ample data on which to base an adequate answer .
candidates will be [given] an office role within a scenario and provided with ample data on which to base an adequate answer .

to allow some flexibility for foods which are partially stable at room temperature within an assigned shelf life ;
to allow some flexibility for foods which are partially stable at room temperature within an [given] shelf life ;

‘ You have to understand the client , ’ said which is why the firm also encourages quarterly meetings where future plans are discussed and the partner assigned to a new client takes along details of other services available which fit perceived needs .
‘ you have to understand the client , ’ said which is why the firm also encourages quarterly meetings where future plans are discussed and the partner [given] to a new client takes along details of other services available which fit perceived needs .

In the end , said , ‘ it 's all about getting to know the client 's business and having a partner assigned to that client whose job it is to know it and what it does or does not want ’ .
in the end , said , ‘ it 's all about getting to know the client 's business and having a partner [given] to that client whose job it is to know it and what it does or does not want ’ .

Afterwards he had completed his training as a fighter pilot , performing so well that he was assigned to take an instructors ' course with the Navy at San Diego .
afterwards he had completed his training as a fighter pilot , performing so well that he was [given] to take an instructors ' course with the navy at san diego .

Although , strictly speaking , the bearers were not assigned to individuals and worked as a pool , carrying messages for anybody in the building , in practice they identified themselves with particular people .
although , strictly speaking , the bearers were not [given] to individuals and worked as a pool , carrying messages for anybody in the building , in practice they identified themselves with particular people .

Bellerophon ‘ slew the Amazons , women peers of men ’ and Heracles , the most popular of Greek heroes , found that the Ninth Labour assigned to him was to seize the girdle of the Amazon queen .
bellerophon ‘ slew the amazons , women peers of men ’ and heracles , the most popular of greek heroes , found that the ninth labour [given] to him was to seize the girdle of the amazon queen .

Each student entering the University is assigned to a Director of Studies who is a member of the teaching staff with special responsibility for providing information and guidance on choice of courses , and to help with academic or other problems as they arise .
each student entering the university is [given] to a director of studies who is a member of the teaching staff with special responsibility for providing information and guidance on choice of courses , and to help with academic or other problems as they arise .

Assistance in making these choices is given by the Director of Studies to whom each student is assigned on joining the University .
assistance in making these choices is given by the director of studies to whom each student is [given] on joining the university .

The Commander has assigned me to you .
the commander has [given] me to you .

He would be accompanied by the police officer assigned to liaison duties with the coroner 's office .
he would be accompanied by the police officer [given] to liaison duties with the coroner 's office .

It is , of course , possible to infer some aspects of bureaucracy in capitalist society from the functions assigned to the state .
it is , of course , possible to infer some aspects of bureaucracy in capitalist society from the functions [given] to the state .

Diffusion of responsibility occurs to such a degree in Japan that outright blame is not easily assigned .
diffusion of responsibility occurs to such a degree in japan that outright blame is not easily [given] .

Gloucester seems already to have had control of the forest , and granted a fee from two closes there in 1473 , which suggests that it may have been assigned to him as warden of the west march , although this is nowhere explicitly stated .
gloucester seems already to have had control of the forest , and granted a fee from two closes there in 1473 , which suggests that it may have been [given] to him as warden of the west march , although this is nowhere explicitly stated .

Those assigned to surgery were scheduled for the next available or convenient operating list .
those [given] to surgery were scheduled for the next available or convenient operating list .

Randomisation was conducted separately in each centre by randomly assigned blocks of four with patients being recruited consecutively .
randomisation was conducted separately in each centre by randomly [given] blocks of four with patients being recruited consecutively .

Those assigned to long term sclerotherapy who presented with oesophageal variceal rebleeding were treated by further sclerotherapy as detailed above .
those [given] to long term sclerotherapy who presented with oesophageal variceal rebleeding were treated by further sclerotherapy as detailed above .

The significance of the association between peptic ulcer and pepsinogen RFLPs was tested using the χ 2 test , with significance assigned values better than p < 0.05 .
the significance of the association between peptic ulcer and pepsinogen rflps was tested using the χ 2 test , with significance [given] values better than p < 0.05 .

Of the 22 patients assigned to dietary treatment , nine ( 41 % ) could not tolerate elemental diet whether given orally or nasogastrically .
of the 22 patients [given] to dietary treatment , nine ( 41 % ) could not tolerate elemental diet whether given orally or nasogastrically .

Consequently 41 % of our patients assigned to dietary treatment , despite hospitalisation , could not tolerate the elemental diet regimen and we could not reproduce the high compliance rates reported by others .
consequently 41 % of our patients [given] to dietary treatment , despite hospitalisation , could not tolerate the elemental diet regimen and we could not reproduce the high compliance rates reported by others .

Some of the patients assigned to prednisolone did receive this drug for more than four weeks .
some of the patients [given] to prednisolone did receive this drug for more than four weeks .

They were randomly assigned to receive either the oleic , linoleic , or eicosapentaenoic acid supplemented diet and were continued on the same diet for at least four weeks before entering the experimental protocols .
they were randomly [given] to receive either the oleic , linoleic , or eicosapentaenoic acid supplemented diet and were continued on the same diet for at least four weeks before entering the experimental protocols .

Each member is assigned a programme tutor from the College staff .
each member is [given] a programme tutor from the college staff .

At Durham Priory , for example , less than half of the income assigned to each office in the monastery was devoted to the activity for which the office had been created ; the rest was absorbed in management costs ( 209 , p.255 ) .
at durham priory , for example , less than half of the income [given] to each office in the monastery was devoted to the activity for which the office had been created ; the rest was absorbed in management costs ( 209 , p.255 ) .

Unsocial crafts , such as butchering and tanning , were assigned to particular quarters , and those with a high fire risk , pottery-making or blacksmith work , were excluded from the more densely populated areas ( 90 , pp.47–8 ) .
unsocial crafts , such as butchering and tanning , were [given] to particular quarters , and those with a high fire risk , pottery-making or blacksmith work , were excluded from the more densely populated areas ( 90 , pp.47–8 ) .

Verbal autopsy questionnaires were examined independently by three physicians who assigned the cause of death to one of eleven categories , which included ‘ miscellaneous ’ and ‘ unknown ’ .
verbal autopsy questionnaires were examined independently by three physicians who [given] the cause of death to one of eleven categories , which included ‘ miscellaneous ’ and ‘ unknown ’ .

If at least two of the three physicians assigned the death to the same category , it was taken as the cause , otherwise the cause was classified as ‘ unknown ’ .
if at least two of the three physicians [given] the death to the same category , it was taken as the cause , otherwise the cause was classified as ‘ unknown ’ .

The use of investment tax credits , so that firms can offset some of the cost of capital equipment against corporation tax liability , is one instrument that could be assigned to this target .
the use of investment tax credits , so that firms can offset some of the cost of capital equipment against corporation tax liability , is one instrument that could be [given] to this target .

It was something of a relief to mind and liver when Edward was assigned to help Jacques Allier , a less flamboyant man than Suffolk , who did not like champagne .
it was something of a relief to mind and liver when edward was [given] to help jacques allier , a less flamboyant man than suffolk , who did not like champagne .

Check that the logical name you assigned in Section 2.3 is still assigned : —
check that the logical name you [given] in section 2.3 is still [given] : —

In the upper page ( Master Level Index ) ‘ Module Management ’ is assigned the number 1 , Design Changes the number 2 and so on .
in the upper page ( master level index ) ‘ module management ’ is [given] the number 1 , design changes the number 2 and so on .

The following paragraphs suggest what sort of privileges such users might be assigned .
the following paragraphs suggest what sort of privileges such users might be [given] .

In order to use the options in the Product System , you will require Marketing privilege , assigned by an ascendant using option 7.2.2 — Update User Details .
in order to use the options in the product system , you will require marketing privilege , [given] by an ascendant using option 7.2.2 — update user details .

Every copy of the Issue which is sent out has a unique Issue identifier assigned by the user .
every copy of the issue which is sent out has a unique issue identifier [given] by the user .

This page allows you to update the user roles assigned to a user .
this page allows you to update the user roles [given] to a user .

This page allows you to view the roles assigned to a user .
this page allows you to view the roles [given] to a user .

Pointers of the same type can be assigned to each other .
pointers of the same type can be [given] to each other .

Hydrogen was always assigned an `` atomic weight `` of one .
hydrogen was always [given] an `` atomic weight `` of one .

One member of each group was assigned a partner from the other group .
one member of each group was [given] a partner from the other group .

One member of each group was assigned a partner from the other group .
one member of each group was [given] a partner from the other group .

One member of each group was assigned a partner from the other group .
one member of each group was [given] a partner from the other group .

One member of each group was assigned a partner from the other group .
one member of each group was [given] a partner from the other group .

Katheryn Murphy ( Kelly McGillis ) , who is assigned to the case , is clearly marked out as one of the boys to begin with : her brusque manner , her determination always to win ( which leads to her plea-bargaining behind Sarah 's back to ensure a conviction of the rapists , but on a lesser charge ) and her interaction with the men from her office — discussing the case with them at the male territory of a sports match
katheryn murphy ( kelly mcgillis ) , who is [given] to the case , is clearly marked out as one of the boys to begin with : her brusque manner , her determination always to win ( which leads to her plea-bargaining behind sarah 's back to ensure a conviction of the rapists , but on a lesser charge ) and her interaction with the men from her office — discussing the case with them at the male territory of a sports match

37327-28 ] , the country was divided into 41 constituencies ; Bucharest , the capital and the most populous constituency , was assigned 39 Assembly seats and 14 Senate seats .
37327-28 ] , the country was divided into 41 constituencies ; bucharest , the capital and the most populous constituency , was [given] 39 assembly seats and 14 senate seats .

The first Iranian ambassador to be assigned to Kuwait in five years ( Kuwait having supported Iraq in the Gulf war ) , Hussein Sadeqi , took up his post on Sept. 29 , 1989 .
the first iranian ambassador to be [given] to kuwait in five years ( kuwait having supported iraq in the gulf war ) , hussein sadeqi , took up his post on sept. 29 , 1989 .

31914-20 ] , had been assigned to the Trade and Industry portfolio in September 1984 [ see p. 33244 ] .
31914-20 ] , had been [given] to the trade and industry portfolio in september 1984 [ see p. 33244 ] .

Some have assigned it to 481 , the probable date of Childeric 's death , others to 486 , when Clovis is said to have defeated Aegidius 's son , Syagrius , and taken over the city of Soissons which he ruled .
some have [given] it to 481 , the probable date of childeric 's death , others to 486 , when clovis is said to have defeated aegidius 's son , syagrius , and taken over the city of soissons which he ruled .

At the same time his status seems to have caused him to be associated with campaigns which took place after his death : the invasion of Italy by Buccelin , which rightly belongs in the reign of Theudebald , was assigned by Gregory to that of his father .
at the same time his status seems to have caused him to be associated with campaigns which took place after his death : the invasion of italy by buccelin , which rightly belongs in the reign of theudebald , was [given] by gregory to that of his father .

The new Viceroy was assigned greater authority than any other servant of the crown .
the new viceroy was [given] greater authority than any other servant of the crown .

Advocates of the view that primary education should be placed in the hands of the clergy failed to win their case , but priests were given entire control of religious instruction and assigned a major role in the new provincial schools councils .
advocates of the view that primary education should be placed in the hands of the clergy failed to win their case , but priests were given entire control of religious instruction and [given] a major role in the new provincial schools councils .

Almost two centuries later it was being proposed that in much the same way every Spanish ambassador should have assigned to him a son or younger brother `` to assist him as a comrade in his work `` , be instructed in the conduct of embassy business and handle matters the ambassador himself could not spare time for , with the implication that he might well succeed to the post if it fell vacant .
almost two centuries later it was being proposed that in much the same way every spanish ambassador should have [given] to him a son or younger brother `` to assist him as a comrade in his work `` , be instructed in the conduct of embassy business and handle matters the ambassador himself could not spare time for , with the implication that he might well succeed to the post if it fell vacant .

But in any case it has been clearly apparent to all fieldworking anthropologists for at least sixty years that the various kinds of performance which have , in the past , been assigned to the categories `` magic `` , `` religion `` , `` magico-religious `` , are expressions of artistic creativity rather than misguided attempts to control the material world by mechanical means .
but in any case it has been clearly apparent to all fieldworking anthropologists for at least sixty years that the various kinds of performance which have , in the past , been [given] to the categories `` magic `` , `` religion `` , `` magico-religious `` , are expressions of artistic creativity rather than misguided attempts to control the material world by mechanical means .

Consideration should be given to ensuring that the staff assigned to the engagement are not involved in other work carried out in relation to either the purchaser or the target .
consideration should be given to ensuring that the staff [given] to the engagement are not involved in other work carried out in relation to either the purchaser or the target .

It is usually the case that a lease can not be assigned without the consent of the lessor : if the lease states this , the lessor will be obliged , not unreasonably , to withhold consent .
it is usually the case that a lease can not be [given] without the consent of the lessor : if the lease states this , the lessor will be obliged , not unreasonably , to withhold consent .

Security for the Loan — All lenders will require the borrower to mortgage the house to them — this means that the legal title to the property is assigned to the lender , however , the borrower still retains the right to live there .
security for the loan — all lenders will require the borrower to mortgage the house to them — this means that the legal title to the property is [given] to the lender , however , the borrower still retains the right to live there .

The coexistence of standard English grammar and dialect grammar gives rise to educational problems , and the burden of coping with these is usually assigned to teachers .
the coexistence of standard english grammar and dialect grammar gives rise to educational problems , and the burden of coping with these is usually [given] to teachers .

Start any Monday of the year , 30 lessons per week an one full hour assigned self study with video or portable language laboratory sets .
start any monday of the year , 30 lessons per week an one full hour [given] self study with video or portable language laboratory sets .

Counsel for the estate agents assigned to it the meaning , ‘ rent agreed between the parties ’ at the time of entering the lease .
counsel for the estate agents [given] to it the meaning , ‘ rent agreed between the parties ’ at the time of entering the lease .

On acceptance , the proposed visitor will be assigned to a particular research group , and a detailed schedule for the visit will be drawn up by the Co-ordinator and the head of the research group concerned .
on acceptance , the proposed visitor will be [given] to a particular research group , and a detailed schedule for the visit will be drawn up by the co-ordinator and the head of the research group concerned .

The core areas are the ranges of points which define the grades , with any post falling within a grey area being assigned the appropriate grade .
the core areas are the ranges of points which define the grades , with any post falling within a grey area being [given] the appropriate grade .

Early in the development of the scheme , one of the main areas of debate was the question of the scores to be assigned to a particular factor profile .
early in the development of the scheme , one of the main areas of debate was the question of the scores to be [given] to a particular factor profile .

It has been pointed out that the insignia assigned to the vicarius of the British diocese , alone of such officers , consists of castellated enclosures instead of maidens , indicating that he commanded troops .
it has been pointed out that the insignia [given] to the vicarius of the british diocese , alone of such officers , consists of castellated enclosures instead of maidens , indicating that he commanded troops .

Few other buildings can be assigned to this early occupation with any confidence .
few other buildings can be [given] to this early occupation with any confidence .

It has been identified as the Alauna of the Ravenna list by Rivet and Smith , although Richmond and Crawford earlier assigned this name to Alchester , which in some ways makes better sense , since its neighbours quoted in the list would indicate that it lies on the road from Silchester to the south Midlands ; nevertheless the derivation of the name of the River Alne from Alauna , and hence the name of the town on or near that river , is an attractive argument in favour of Rivet and Smith .
it has been identified as the alauna of the ravenna list by rivet and smith , although richmond and crawford earlier [given] this name to alchester , which in some ways makes better sense , since its neighbours quoted in the list would indicate that it lies on the road from silchester to the south midlands ; nevertheless the derivation of the name of the river alne from alauna , and hence the name of the town on or near that river , is an attractive argument in favour of rivet and smith .

one house may be taken as typical of that street or area ) and assigned to specific property bands , as shown in Table 16.9 .
one house may be taken as typical of that street or area ) and [given] to specific property bands , as shown in table 16.9 .

The average national property value is calculated and assigned to the appropriate band , i.e .
the average national property value is calculated and [given] to the appropriate band , i.e .

Reform of the law which makes businesses still liable for their successors ' defaults even after they have assigned the lease .
reform of the law which makes businesses still liable for their successors ' defaults even after they have [given] the lease .

The macro can then be replayed by pressing the assigned key combination .
the macro can then be replayed by pressing the [given] key combination .

They are also assigned or denied privileges to limit the types of access open to them — this can restrict access to particular directories or prevent users deleting files .
they are also [given] or denied privileges to limit the types of access open to them — this can restrict access to particular directories or prevent users deleting files .

Trainees of the scheme are assigned to a Mentor [ a senior member of staff with chartered status ] who acts as a professional guide and confidante .
trainees of the scheme are [given] to a mentor [ a senior member of staff with chartered status ] who acts as a professional guide and confidante .

Even if it is possible , the individual may be assigned only to the broadest concept of ‘ racial stock ’ .
even if it is possible , the individual may be [given] only to the broadest concept of ‘ racial stock ’ .

The polymer is then assigned a similar value of δ .
the polymer is then [given] a similar value of δ .

For poly ( methyl methacrylate ) samples , which were prepared under different conditions to give the three forms , resonances at τ = 8.78 , 8.95 and 9.09 were observed , which were assigned to the isotatic , heterotactic , and syndiotactic triads respectively .
for poly ( methyl methacrylate ) samples , which were prepared under different conditions to give the three forms , resonances at τ = 8.78 , 8.95 and 9.09 were observed , which were [given] to the isotatic , heterotactic , and syndiotactic triads respectively .

Richard Zanuck assigned the production and screenplay to Ernest Lehman , who had written North by Northwest and The Sound of Music .
richard zanuck [given] the production and screenplay to ernest lehman , who had written north by northwest and the sound of music .

It was his feature film debut , and he assigned two Oscar-winners , composer John Barry and lyricist Don Black , to write the musical score .
it was his feature film debut , and he [given] two oscar-winners , composer john barry and lyricist don black , to write the musical score .

He was expecting to become a country parson on his return to Britain , and was only assigned to the Beagle expedition through the recommendations of professor Henslow , his mentor .
he was expecting to become a country parson on his return to britain , and was only [given] to the beagle expedition through the recommendations of professor henslow , his mentor .

He was assigned ‘ two or three trusty convict servants ’ by Sir George Gipps , Governor-in-Chief of New South Wales , together with government ‘ tents , and the necessary utensils and materials for leading the life of a bushman ’ .
he was [given] ‘ two or three trusty convict servants ’ by sir george gipps , governor-in-chief of new south wales , together with government ‘ tents , and the necessary utensils and materials for leading the life of a bushman ’ .

He left behind him in Australia an army of naturalists , both amateur and professional , to whom were assigned a multitude of tasks to increase and perfect his collection .
he left behind him in australia an army of naturalists , both amateur and professional , to whom were [given] a multitude of tasks to increase and perfect his collection .

The executive responsible is a member of the Board assigned to ensure the successful progress and completion of the project .
the executive responsible is a member of the board [given] to ensure the successful progress and completion of the project .

She recalled the housekeeper 's kindness to her the previous evening , when she had led her from her mistress 's chamber and shown her the room that Miss Merchiston had assigned for her use .
she recalled the housekeeper 's kindness to her the previous evening , when she had led her from her mistress 's chamber and shown her the room that miss merchiston had [given] for her use .

Corpora may be raw ( text only ) , tagged ( each word is assigned a syntactic category ) or analysed ( parsed ) ( see $ 4.5.2 ) .
corpora may be raw ( text only ) , tagged ( each word is [given] a syntactic category ) or analysed ( parsed ) ( see $ 4.5.2 ) .

Assigning to a given sentence a set of parse trees including all of the surface trees which would be assigned by the transformational grammar .
assigning to a given sentence a set of parse trees including all of the surface trees which would be [given] by the transformational grammar .

The grammatical analysis is performed using a generative approach but each derivation is assigned a probability based on the probabilities of the rules used in the analysis .
the grammatical analysis is performed using a generative approach but each derivation is [given] a probability based on the probabilities of the rules used in the analysis .

Hence there is a significant increase in the processing due to the increased numbers of words to be assigned grammatical information .
hence there is a significant increase in the processing due to the increased numbers of words to be [given] grammatical information .

The probability of each of the possible tag combinations is then found from the transition matrices and the words assigned the relevant grammatical scores .
the probability of each of the possible tag combinations is then found from the transition matrices and the words [given] the relevant grammatical scores .

The score assigned to the word by the syntax analyser is shown beneath the word .
the score [given] to the word by the syntax analyser is shown beneath the word .

The words are then assigned a rating based on the probability of the grammatical transitions that their tags participate in .
the words are then [given] a rating based on the probability of the grammatical transitions that their tags participate in .

Even if the complete compound exists within the syntax window it is likely that the incorrect parts of speech will be assigned to the constituent words resulting in an erratic selection of words by the analyser .
even if the complete compound exists within the syntax window it is likely that the incorrect parts of speech will be [given] to the constituent words resulting in an erratic selection of words by the analyser .

Each of the words within the compounds has already been assigned a root-index as in table 4.5 .
each of the words within the compounds has already been [given] a root-index as in table 4.5 .

Each word is then given a syntactic rating based on the score assigned to the word 's grammar tag(s) .
each word is then given a syntactic rating based on the score [given] to the word 's grammar tag(s) .

The character that best matches the character database is assigned rank 1 , the next best rank 2 etc ..
the character that best matches the character database is [given] rank 1 , the next best rank 2 etc ..

Hence for a trigram window , the final score assigned to each word will be the summation of three recognition scores : the score assigned when the word was in the first position of the window , the score assigned when the word was in the middle of the window and the score when it was the final element of the window .
hence for a trigram window , the final score [given] to each word will be the summation of three recognition scores : the score [given] when the word was in the first position of the window , the score [given] when the word was in the middle of the window and the score when it was the final element of the window .

The number of correct words assigned each rank by the syntax analyser is shown in table 4.13 .
the number of correct words [given] each rank by the syntax analyser is shown in table 4.13 .

The cumulative number of words assigned the correct ranks for these texts are shown in diagrammatic form in fig 4.9a and 4.9b .
the cumulative number of words [given] the correct ranks for these texts are shown in diagrammatic form in fig 4.9a and 4.9b .

No parse structure is produced , instead each candidate word is assigned a score indicating the goodness of fit with its possible neighbours .
no parse structure is produced , instead each candidate word is [given] a score indicating the goodness of fit with its possible neighbours .

Each rule in the grammar was assigned a probability .
each rule in the grammar was [given] a probability .

That damn' word brought me back to the harsh reality of my situation : not just the discovery of a traitor or bringing a murderer to book but vengeance for Agnes and , of course , the Herculean task which the Great Killer had assigned me !
that damn' word brought me back to the harsh reality of my situation : not just the discovery of a traitor or bringing a murderer to book but vengeance for agnes and , of course , the herculean task which the great killer had [given] me !

For traditional criticism it did not make an especial difference whether the date of composition of Milton 's Samson Agonistes was assigned to 1647–53 during the Civil War or to the Restoration period of 1660–70 .
for traditional criticism it did not make an especial difference whether the date of composition of milton 's samson agonistes was [given] to 1647–53 during the civil war or to the restoration period of 1660–70 .

In other words , both parties are to some extent ‘ locked into ’ a transaction to which highly specific assets have been assigned .
in other words , both parties are to some extent ‘ locked into ’ a transaction to which highly specific assets have been [given] .

Given that resources are managed , hierarchy is explained by gains from allowing people to specialize according to their comparative advantage : in particular , those with a comparative advantage in deciding how to coordinate the diverse resources used in the firm and how to adjust this coordination in response to unforeseen changes , are assigned specialist managerial roles .
given that resources are managed , hierarchy is explained by gains from allowing people to specialize according to their comparative advantage : in particular , those with a comparative advantage in deciding how to coordinate the diverse resources used in the firm and how to adjust this coordination in response to unforeseen changes , are [given] specialist managerial roles .

Your specific tasks within that given work are assigned to you by a person called your manager ( or boss or supervisor ) , who ought to be held accountable for the work you do .
your specific tasks within that given work are [given] to you by a person called your manager ( or boss or supervisor ) , who ought to be held accountable for the work you do .

The bodies that govern companies , unions , clubs and nations all employ people to do work , and they all organize these employees in managerial hierarchies , systems that allow organizations to hold people accountable for getting assigned work done .
the bodies that govern companies , unions , clubs and nations all employ people to do work , and they all organize these employees in managerial hierarchies , systems that allow organizations to hold people accountable for getting [given] work done .

In order to make accountability possible , managers must have enough authority to ensure that their subordinates can do the work assigned to them .
in order to make accountability possible , managers must have enough authority to ensure that their subordinates can do the work [given] to them .

This second step was the unexpected and startling discovery that the level of responsibility in any organizational role — whether a manager 's or an individual contributor 's — can be objectively measured in terms of the target completion time of the longest task , project or program assigned to that role .
this second step was the unexpected and startling discovery that the level of responsibility in any organizational role — whether a manager 's or an individual contributor 's — can be objectively measured in terms of the target completion time of the longest task , project or program [given] to that role .

Managerial hierarchy or layering is the only effective organizational form for deploying people and tasks at complementary levels , where people can do the tasks assigned to them , where the people in any given layer can add value to the work of those in the layer below them , and finally , where this stratification of management strikes everyone as necessary and welcome .
managerial hierarchy or layering is the only effective organizational form for deploying people and tasks at complementary levels , where people can do the tasks [given] to them , where the people in any given layer can add value to the work of those in the layer below them , and finally , where this stratification of management strikes everyone as necessary and welcome .

Controlled indexing languages or assigned-term systems are indexing languages in which a person both controls the terms that are used to represent subjects and executes the process whereby terms are assigned to a particular document .
controlled indexing languages or assigned-term systems are indexing languages in which a person both controls the terms that are used to represent subjects and executes the process whereby terms are [given] to a particular document .

Normally an authority list identifies the terms that may be assigned .
normally an authority list identifies the terms that may be [given] .

In classification schemes each subject is assigned a piece of notation , the usual objective being to place a subject within a context with respect to other subjects .
in classification schemes each subject is [given] a piece of notation , the usual objective being to place a subject within a context with respect to other subjects .

Errors , such as indexers assigning unsuitable terms to concepts or omitting relationships , will affect precision by producing unsuitable documents in response to a search ; on the other hand , the same documents will fail to be identified when a search is conducted under the terms which should have been assigned to the document , thus reducing recall .
errors , such as indexers assigning unsuitable terms to concepts or omitting relationships , will affect precision by producing unsuitable documents in response to a search ; on the other hand , the same documents will fail to be identified when a search is conducted under the terms which should have been [given] to the document , thus reducing recall .

Once all other preliminary decisions have been made , notations can be assigned to the scheme .
once all other preliminary decisions have been made , notations can be [given] to the scheme .

For example , in Figure 14.3 , the notation 641.493 could be assigned for the Preservation of Poultry and used in the catalogue , but the truncated notation 641.4 could be used for shelf arrangement .
for example , in figure 14.3 , the notation 641.493 could be [given] for the preservation of poultry and used in the catalogue , but the truncated notation 641.4 could be used for shelf arrangement .

Thus 23/28 is equivalent to 23 + 24 + 25 + 26 + 27 + 28 , provided that all of these notations have been assigned to subjects .
thus 23/28 is equivalent to 23 + 24 + 25 + 26 + 27 + 28 , provided that all of these notations have been [given] to subjects .

The principle of specific entry as applied in Sears ' recommends that as specific a heading as is available in the list should be assigned .
the principle of specific entry as applied in sears ' recommends that as specific a heading as is available in the list should be [given] .

In natural language indexing which uses a stoplist only , the indexing language is open ; there is no record other than the index itself of the indexing terms that have been assigned .
in natural language indexing which uses a stoplist only , the indexing language is open ; there is no record other than the index itself of the indexing terms that have been [given] .

To pursue our simple example above : if Greenhouses is not a term in our controlled language , we might search under Glasshouses instead and retrieve a set of documents which had the controlled index language term Glasshouses assigned .
to pursue our simple example above : if greenhouses is not a term in our controlled language , we might search under glasshouses instead and retrieve a set of documents which had the controlled index language term glasshouses [given] .

The view of the state described by Musgrave is that of the public sector as a ‘ household ’ , with different members of the household assigned different tasks .
the view of the state described by musgrave is that of the public sector as a ‘ household ’ , with different members of the household [given] different tasks .

Thus if the value of ρ or a band is found to be less than ρ max may be assigned to a totally-symmetric mode .
thus if the value of ρ or a band is found to be less than ρ max may be [given] to a totally-symmetric mode .

If our compound has already been characterized , any bands which are present in its vibrational spectrum but are not found in that of a pure sample may be assigned to impurities .
if our compound has already been characterized , any bands which are present in its vibrational spectrum but are not found in that of a pure sample may be [given] to impurities .

Since the 1981 Education Act ( see Chapter 4 ) came into force in 1983 , children assessed as having special educational needs are given an individual ‘ statement ’ of these needs instead of being assigned to a category of handicap ( see Chapter 3 , 1978 Warnock ) .
since the 1981 education act ( see chapter 4 ) came into force in 1983 , children assessed as having special educational needs are given an individual ‘ statement ’ of these needs instead of being [given] to a category of handicap ( see chapter 3 , 1978 warnock ) .

Turning now to the question of the place assigned to reality in Formalist theory .
turning now to the question of the place [given] to reality in formalist theory .

In the Mughal court great importance was always given to small details of protocol and privilege : the colour of a turban , the number of jewels in a noble 's dagger , the place he was assigned in the Red Fort : all these things had significance as subtle indicators to an omrah 's place in the ranking of the empire .
in the mughal court great importance was always given to small details of protocol and privilege : the colour of a turban , the number of jewels in a noble 's dagger , the place he was [given] in the red fort : all these things had significance as subtle indicators to an omrah 's place in the ranking of the empire .

Elephant fights were staged whenever Dara wished ; his retainers were allowed to hold gold and silver maces in the durbar hall ; Dara himself was assigned a small throne immediately beside that of his father .
elephant fights were staged whenever dara wished ; his retainers were allowed to hold gold and silver maces in the durbar hall ; dara himself was [given] a small throne immediately beside that of his father .

In an enterprise such as theirs every aspect of the complex inward theatre must be brought into play and assigned its proper place ; and this — though she shuddered at the consequence — ; included the daemonic figure of her grandfather .
in an enterprise such as theirs every aspect of the complex inward theatre must be brought into play and [given] its proper place ; and this — though she shuddered at the consequence — ; included the daemonic figure of her grandfather .

Half-brothers and cousins and in-laws were given large shares in the benefits accruing from Königsnähe : they commanded powerful military retinues , and were assigned large shares in the rewards of imperial expansion .
half-brothers and cousins and in-laws were given large shares in the benefits accruing from königsnähe : they commanded powerful military retinues , and were [given] large shares in the rewards of imperial expansion .

The Ordinatio assigned Italy to Lothar `` if God wills that he lives to be our successor `` ( c.17 ) , without mentioning Bernard .
the ordinatio [given] italy to lothar `` if god wills that he lives to be our successor `` ( c.17 ) , without mentioning bernard .

Roles , costume and gesture are meticulously assigned ; everyone has his or her place , alongside , or following , the emperor .
roles , costume and gesture are meticulously [given] ; everyone has his or her place , alongside , or following , the emperor .

Pippin was assigned Neustria , but the two main beneficiaries were to be Louis the German and Charles , leaving Lothar with only Italy .
pippin was [given] neustria , but the two main beneficiaries were to be louis the german and charles , leaving lothar with only italy .

In 831 , Charles was assigned a new importance in Louis the Pious 's reconstructed family .
in 831 , charles was [given] a new importance in louis the pious 's reconstructed family .

Twenty years later , Charles reminded an assembly of how `` a part of the realm was assigned me by my lord and father … and in it the metropolitan see of Sens then lacked a pastor .
twenty years later , charles reminded an assembly of how `` a part of the realm was [given] me by my lord and father … and in it the metropolitan see of sens then lacked a pastor .

Pippin , the first of the line , had destined it for his first-born , the young Charlemagne in the 750s ; Charlemagne had assigned it in 790 to his son Charles , later labelled primogenitus and designated heir to the regnum Francorum ( though he predeceased his father in 811 ) .
pippin , the first of the line , had destined it for his first-born , the young charlemagne in the 750s ; charlemagne had [given] it in 790 to his son charles , later labelled primogenitus and designated heir to the regnum francorum ( though he predeceased his father in 811 ) .

In 838 , Louis the Pious assigned Charles a bajulus ( literally , guardian , or superviser ) , Atto , who held a countship in the Rhineland near Mainz and ( along with his two brothers ) was now being promoted hard by the emperor to keep Louis the German in check .
in 838 , louis the pious [given] charles a bajulus ( literally , guardian , or superviser ) , atto , who held a countship in the rhineland near mainz and ( along with his two brothers ) was now being promoted hard by the emperor to keep louis the german in check .

There were ominous signs of crumbling in the heart of the Frankish kingdom assigned to Charles in 837 .
there were ominous signs of crumbling in the heart of the frankish kingdom [given] to charles in 837 .

Already , in the regna assigned to Charles at Orléans , a number of important men had declared for Lothar .
already , in the regna [given] to charles at orléans , a number of important men had declared for lothar .

Lothar immediately sent emissaries into the regna assigned to Charles `` so that they [ i.e .
lothar immediately sent emissaries into the regna [given] to charles `` so that they [ i.e .

Old-style Falangists occupied the ministries associated with social and political control ( Interior , Army , Labour and the Party Secretariat ) , but portfolios connected with the external image of the regime and the assurance of its future ( such as Justice , Foreign Affairs , Education and Public Works ) were assigned to men guided less by rigid ideological concepts than by their awareness that the world had changed since 1945 and that Spain needed to adapt if it was to be counted among the leading nations in the post-war world .
old-style falangists occupied the ministries associated with social and political control ( interior , army , labour and the party secretariat ) , but portfolios connected with the external image of the regime and the assurance of its future ( such as justice , foreign affairs , education and public works ) were [given] to men guided less by rigid ideological concepts than by their awareness that the world had changed since 1945 and that spain needed to adapt if it was to be counted among the leading nations in the post-war world .

After May 1940 each evacuee child was medically examined and assigned a record card , on which were entered ( in coded form ) details of any ailments .
after may 1940 each evacuee child was medically examined and [given] a record card , on which were entered ( in coded form ) details of any ailments .

We have seen accomplished within a few brief months or years reforms to which we should have assigned , not decades , but generations .
we have seen accomplished within a few brief months or years reforms to which we should have [given] , not decades , but generations .

In fact the concept of subjective risk is surprisingly similar in both theories , the differences lie largely in the role it is assigned in the control of behaviour .
in fact the concept of subjective risk is surprisingly similar in both theories , the differences lie largely in the role it is [given] in the control of behaviour .

About 80 percent of the total descriptions could be unambiguously assigned to one of the 40 junctions , either because the subject knew the road names or described the junction or events in sufficient detail for the description to be uniquely associated with one situation on their video .
about 80 percent of the total descriptions could be unambiguously [given] to one of the 40 junctions , either because the subject knew the road names or described the junction or events in sufficient detail for the description to be uniquely associated with one situation on their video .

Subjects were assigned to one of four different conditions with three subjects from each annual mileage group assigned to each condition .
subjects were [given] to one of four different conditions with three subjects from each annual mileage group [given] to each condition .

Typically subjects either described at length one feature of interest ignoring all others , or else they gave several brief cryptic comments which could not unambiguously assigned to particular objects in the film .
typically subjects either described at length one feature of interest ignoring all others , or else they gave several brief cryptic comments which could not unambiguously [given] to particular objects in the film .

From the six potential exemplars three films were chosen of each junction , one low risk , one medium risk and one high risk , the three levels of exemplar risk are assigned relative to the junction mean again using the mean risk rating from Study 2 .
from the six potential exemplars three films were chosen of each junction , one low risk , one medium risk and one high risk , the three levels of exemplar risk are [given] relative to the junction mean again using the mean risk rating from study 2 .

It therefore follows that technical personnel are assigned to divisions on the basis of discipline , and for the purpose of accountability , control and maintenance of professional standards .
it therefore follows that technical personnel are [given] to divisions on the basis of discipline , and for the purpose of accountability , control and maintenance of professional standards .

It is what makes the difference between the phrase ( 30 ) , where the first-order relation is of course qualification , and the completeness of ( 31 ) : ( 30 ) lucky Gomez ( 31 ) Gomez is lucky Similarly , this is the difference which opposes ( 32 ) and ( 33 ) , where the relation assigned is equation rather than qualification : ( 32 ) the broker , a man in a grey suit ( 33 ) the broker was a man in a grey suit The notion of `` completeness `` may seem vague ; again , however , we should not expect it to be defined more closely for the very good reason that fundamental notions — and we take assignment together with equation and qualification , along with the ideas of entity and property , to be the bedrock of linguistic structure — do not allow themselves to be defined .
it is what makes the difference between the phrase ( 30 ) , where the first-order relation is of course qualification , and the completeness of ( 31 ) : ( 30 ) lucky gomez ( 31 ) gomez is lucky similarly , this is the difference which opposes ( 32 ) and ( 33 ) , where the relation [given] is equation rather than qualification : ( 32 ) the broker , a man in a grey suit ( 33 ) the broker was a man in a grey suit the notion of `` completeness `` may seem vague ; again , however , we should not expect it to be defined more closely for the very good reason that fundamental notions — and we take assignment together with equation and qualification , along with the ideas of entity and property , to be the bedrock of linguistic structure — do not allow themselves to be defined .

It is natural to assume that = , whether assigned or not , can not normally relate intensional elements of different types , i.e .
it is natural to assume that = , whether [given] or not , can not normally relate intensional elements of different types , i.e .

Although many adjectives can , in this phrase or that , be unambiguously assigned to ascriptive use or associative use there is undoubtedly a border zone where adjectives can be interpreted either way ; there will be many phrases for which both interpretations can be mapped onto the same single situation , not just in some particular token occurrences , but in all cases .
although many adjectives can , in this phrase or that , be unambiguously [given] to ascriptive use or associative use there is undoubtedly a border zone where adjectives can be interpreted either way ; there will be many phrases for which both interpretations can be mapped onto the same single situation , not just in some particular token occurrences , but in all cases .

It is the position of the adjective which instantiates a property explicitly assigned to the entity already identified by the subject of the sentence but which does not take part in identifying that subject .
it is the position of the adjective which instantiates a property explicitly [given] to the entity already identified by the subject of the sentence but which does not take part in identifying that subject .

Assignment , on the other hand , requires a more explicit focus on the particular property assigned ; what is assigned may be a complex property ( like fairly acceptable ) , or even a co-ordination ; but to expect a single linguistic faculty to make two separate assignments of properties to the same entity in the same phrase would be unreasonable ; it would be analogous to expecting a physical eye to focus on two different objects at the same time .
assignment , on the other hand , requires a more explicit focus on the particular property [given] ; what is [given] may be a complex property ( like fairly acceptable ) , or even a co-ordination ; but to expect a single linguistic faculty to make two separate assignments of properties to the same entity in the same phrase would be unreasonable ; it would be analogous to expecting a physical eye to focus on two different objects at the same time .

Now , clearly , in many circumstances where the property of an adjective matches a speaker 's perception , it may not need to be assigned — i.e .
now , clearly , in many circumstances where the property of an adjective matches a speaker 's perception , it may not need to be [given] — i.e .

On the other hand , it is inevitable that a property which , while still playing its part in entity-identification , needs to be explicitly assigned will nearly always be a more peripheral or unusual or occasional one .
on the other hand , it is inevitable that a property which , while still playing its part in entity-identification , needs to be explicitly [given] will nearly always be a more peripheral or unusual or occasional one .

But , if there is a further `` selecting `` qualifier , such as only , and if the speaker sees the latter as focusing on the property of the adjective , then it is quite reasonable that he or she may also feel it necessary to mark this focal adjectival property as one to be explicitly assigned , rather than being an ordinary part of the identificatory bundle .
but , if there is a further `` selecting `` qualifier , such as only , and if the speaker sees the latter as focusing on the property of the adjective , then it is quite reasonable that he or she may also feel it necessary to mark this focal adjectival property as one to be explicitly [given] , rather than being an ordinary part of the identificatory bundle .

In each case , our intuition agrees with Bolinger that the adjective acts to qualify the description inherent in the noun , rather than the entity identified by the noun ; one may readily agree that there is a significant contrast between these and the following adjectives , in predicative position , which he gives as instances of referent-qualification ( in our terms , instances where the adjective is straight-forwardly assigned to the entity of the subject and shares the same referential locus ) : ( 3 ) the student was eager the man was hungry the lawyer was criminal ( One might , though , add the comment that criminal is seldom used ascriptively of human beings as opposed to their actions . )
in each case , our intuition agrees with bolinger that the adjective acts to qualify the description inherent in the noun , rather than the entity identified by the noun ; one may readily agree that there is a significant contrast between these and the following adjectives , in predicative position , which he gives as instances of referent-qualification ( in our terms , instances where the adjective is straight-forwardly [given] to the entity of the subject and shares the same referential locus ) : ( 3 ) the student was eager the man was hungry the lawyer was criminal ( one might , though , add the comment that criminal is seldom used ascriptively of human beings as opposed to their actions . )

The examples of ( 10 ) have interesting implications , but we shall restrict ourselves here to those aspects which bear on adjectival grammar ; we take them as confirming evidence that we are justified in following Bolinger and recognizing that certain adjectives qualify another property , qua property , and are not to be assigned , independently , to any entity present in or assumed by the structure of the sentence in which they appear .
the examples of ( 10 ) have interesting implications , but we shall restrict ourselves here to those aspects which bear on adjectival grammar ; we take them as confirming evidence that we are justified in following bolinger and recognizing that certain adjectives qualify another property , qua property , and are not to be [given] , independently , to any entity present in or assumed by the structure of the sentence in which they appear .

This is because , as we have already noted , the predicative construction has the specific purpose of marking that the property of the adjective is assigned to the entity identified by the subject noun phrase .
this is because , as we have already noted , the predicative construction has the specific purpose of marking that the property of the adjective is [given] to the entity identified by the subject noun phrase .

When these details arrived in Rome the task of going over them was assigned to a senior lawyer or papal auditor , Benedict cardinal priest of St Susanna .
when these details arrived in rome the task of going over them was [given] to a senior lawyer or papal auditor , benedict cardinal priest of st susanna .

Other individual fluctuations can be assigned to specific causes with reasonable certainty .
other individual fluctuations can be [given] to specific causes with reasonable certainty .

The random effect of such variations can be assigned upper and lower bounds , based on a Poisson distribution model .
the random effect of such variations can be [given] upper and lower bounds , based on a poisson distribution model .

The confidence limits for assessing likely changes in impact factor from year to year can also be assigned ( Nieuwenhuysen 1989 ) .
the confidence limits for assessing likely changes in impact factor from year to year can also be [given] ( nieuwenhuysen 1989 ) .

It is important to note , however , that the categories used in the Rolfe and Will lists may have been assigned for reasons of literary expediency , rather than as the result of rigorous classification .
it is important to note , however , that the categories used in the rolfe and will lists may have been [given] for reasons of literary expediency , rather than as the result of rigorous classification .

Theses are assigned exclusively to a single category in all of the above lists .
theses are [given] exclusively to a single category in all of the above lists .

On average , seven theses per year were assigned to this heading by Rolfe and Will .
on average , seven theses per year were [given] to this heading by rolfe and will .

In the Laming list , theses may be listed under more than one heading , and so the total figures represent the total numbers of sub-discipline headings assigned to Scottish theses , rather than the numbers of theses .
in the laming list , theses may be listed under more than one heading , and so the total figures represent the total numbers of sub-discipline headings [given] to scottish theses , rather than the numbers of theses .

If sufficiently detailed subject headings are assigned to each document in a collection , then there is a high probability that most of the documents relevant to an enquiry will be retrieved in any online search , but only those documents which match the search terms exactly will be recalled .
if sufficiently detailed subject headings are [given] to each document in a collection , then there is a high probability that most of the documents relevant to an enquiry will be retrieved in any online search , but only those documents which match the search terms exactly will be recalled .

To put it briefly : in social science one is dealing with situations in which people , ignoring their birth , have not been randomly assigned to their respective social universes .
to put it briefly : in social science one is dealing with situations in which people , ignoring their birth , have not been randomly [given] to their respective social universes .

In return for all this , Sir George handed them the deeds to Maran Hill , still unmortaged ; and he assigned his heavily mortgaged lands around Stockton .
in return for all this , sir george handed them the deeds to maran hill , still unmortaged ; and he [given] his heavily mortgaged lands around stockton .

Two junior ministers , Joseph Toney and Senator Hochoy Charles , were assigned to the Security Ministry following the July coup attempt .
two junior ministers , joseph toney and senator hochoy charles , were [given] to the security ministry following the july coup attempt .

The Human Rights Commission assigned to Tadeusz Mazowiecki , who had been Polish Prime Minister in 1989-90 , the task of collecting all `` available and credible `` information on human rights in Yugoslavia and particularly in Bosnia-Hercegovina .
the human rights commission [given] to tadeusz mazowiecki , who had been polish prime minister in 1989-90 , the task of collecting all `` available and credible `` information on human rights in yugoslavia and particularly in bosnia-hercegovina .

However , in further negotiations , the size of the section of the fleet assigned to Ukraine came under dispute .
however , in further negotiations , the size of the section of the fleet [given] to ukraine came under dispute .

He also offered to destroy , or to have placed in storage , nuclear rockets assigned to anti-aircraft troops .
he also offered to destroy , or to have placed in storage , nuclear rockets [given] to anti-aircraft troops .

Defined as the `` executive apparatus of presidential authority `` ; headed by a Premier chosen by and reporting to the President , and comprising around 15 heads of ministries and departments in charge of `` those spheres of government assigned to the Union in keeping with the allocation of powers between the Union and the republics `` , plus the heads of republican governments ; replaced the 69-member Council of Ministers , responsible directly to the Supreme Soviet .
defined as the `` executive apparatus of presidential authority `` ; headed by a premier chosen by and reporting to the president , and comprising around 15 heads of ministries and departments in charge of `` those spheres of government [given] to the union in keeping with the allocation of powers between the union and the republics `` , plus the heads of republican governments ; replaced the 69-member council of ministers , responsible directly to the supreme soviet .

The two non-governmental agencies assigned to mediate relations between Taiwan and China held a round of talks in Hong Kong on Oct. 28-29 .
the two non-governmental agencies [given] to mediate relations between taiwan and china held a round of talks in hong kong on oct. 28-29 .

The Nation newspaper had reported on Oct. 10 that the government was planning to review legislation covering the armed forces and the Defence Ministry , and that Chuan had assigned Defence Minister Gen. Wichit Sukmak to supervise the implementation of new defence policies .
the nation newspaper had reported on oct. 10 that the government was planning to review legislation covering the armed forces and the defence ministry , and that chuan had [given] defence minister gen. wichit sukmak to supervise the implementation of new defence policies .

In what many observers regarded as a further example of the new censorship , Gosteleradio on Feb. 1 withdrew from Radio Russia two frequencies giving it an audience throughout the Soviet Union , and assigned to it instead a frequency on which it could reach only 60 per cent of the population and which reduced the quality of reception .
in what many observers regarded as a further example of the new censorship , gosteleradio on feb. 1 withdrew from radio russia two frequencies giving it an audience throughout the soviet union , and [given] to it instead a frequency on which it could reach only 60 per cent of the population and which reduced the quality of reception .

When , as in the present case , the lease has been assigned on the terms that the sureties will guarantee performance by the assignee of the lease , justice and common sense ought to require the sureties , not the original tenant , to be primarily liable in the event of default by the assignee .
when , as in the present case , the lease has been [given] on the terms that the sureties will guarantee performance by the assignee of the lease , justice and common sense ought to require the sureties , not the original tenant , to be primarily liable in the event of default by the assignee .

So long as the reversion is not assigned , that will be the position .
so long as the reversion is not [given] , that will be the position .

Why should the position between the original tenant and the sureties be rendered completely different just because the reversion has been assigned , a transaction wholly outside the control of the original tenant and the sureties ?
why should the position between the original tenant and the sureties be rendered completely different just because the reversion has been [given] , a transaction wholly outside the control of the original tenant and the sureties ?

For , in the absence of a contrary agreement with the original lessor , the original tenant remains liable throughout the entire term of the lease irrespective of the fact that he or she may have assigned or sold the tenancy to another .
for , in the absence of a contrary agreement with the original lessor , the original tenant remains liable throughout the entire term of the lease irrespective of the fact that he or she may have [given] or sold the tenancy to another .

Thus , where a lease has been assigned on several occasions a series , or chain , of indemnities will be built up .
thus , where a lease has been [given] on several occasions a series , or chain , of indemnities will be built up .

The `` black `` group were significantly better at recognising this speaker ( p < 0.1 ) ; most of the `` white `` group felt this speaker was Asian and assigned him to the `` other `` category .
the `` black `` group were significantly better at recognising this speaker ( p < 0.1 ) ; most of the `` white `` group felt this speaker was asian and [given] him to the `` other `` category .

The qualifications that are being introduced , and the credit values that have been assigned to each qualification are as follows :
the qualifications that are being introduced , and the credit values that have been [given] to each qualification are as follows :

( b ) ‘ authorised insurers ’ , ‘ the Council ’ , ‘ practising certificate ’ , ‘ the roll ’ and ‘ the Society ’ shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Solicitors Act 1974 ;
( b ) ‘ authorised insurers ’ , ‘ the council ’ , ‘ practising certificate ’ , ‘ the roll ’ and ‘ the society ’ shall have the meanings [given] to them in the solicitors act 1974 ;

( ca ) ‘ foreign lawyer ’ and ‘ registered foreign lawyer ’ shall have the meanings assigned to them by section 89 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 ;
( ca ) ‘ foreign lawyer ’ and ‘ registered foreign lawyer ’ shall have the meanings [given] to them by section 89 of the courts and legal services act 1990 ;

‘ practising certificate ’ and ‘ the roll ’ have the meanings assigned to them in the Solicitors Act 1974 ;
‘ practising certificate ’ and ‘ the roll ’ have the meanings [given] to them in the solicitors act 1974 ;

‘ practising certificate ’ and ‘ the roll ’ have the meanings assigned to them in the Solicitors Act 1974 ;
‘ practising certificate ’ and ‘ the roll ’ have the meanings [given] to them in the solicitors act 1974 ;

The third segment might look very like a and be assigned a high score on the basis of its acoustic-phonetic features .
the third segment might look very like a and be [given] a high score on the basis of its acoustic-phonetic features .

3 Service squads : mature students can be assigned to special duties such as looking after audio-visual equipment or charts .
3 service squads : mature students can be [given] to special duties such as looking after audio-visual equipment or charts .

Words are used to inflect if they can be assigned to a number of grammatical classes , and the members of all these classes are distinguished from each other by their morphology ( internal shape ) and by their syntax ( the rules of their use ) .
words are used to inflect if they can be [given] to a number of grammatical classes , and the members of all these classes are distinguished from each other by their morphology ( internal shape ) and by their syntax ( the rules of their use ) .

This dating technique was then applied to Halling Man with the result that the age was considerably lowered and subsequently he was assigned to well within Neolithic times .
this dating technique was then applied to halling man with the result that the age was considerably lowered and subsequently he was [given] to well within neolithic times .

This results in a common word like `` History `` being assigned a weight which is very low compared with that assigned to a rare word such as `` swords `` .
this results in a common word like `` history `` being [given] a weight which is very low compared with that [given] to a rare word such as `` swords `` .

She shows both traits assigned to the men , immorality and dishonesty .
she shows both traits [given] to the men , immorality and dishonesty .

The patients with adenomatous polyps were assigned to one of four study groups using the random sampling quota technique allowing for 10 subjects in each study group .
the patients with adenomatous polyps were [given] to one of four study groups using the random sampling quota technique allowing for 10 subjects in each study group .

In contrast with other vitamin supplementation studies , this study assessed the effect of single vitamin supplements only , the study was prospective with a control group , subjects with familial polyposis coli were excluded and subjects were sequentially assigned to each group .
in contrast with other vitamin supplementation studies , this study assessed the effect of single vitamin supplements only , the study was prospective with a control group , subjects with familial polyposis coli were excluded and subjects were sequentially [given] to each group .

As beta values were also randomly assigned to portfolios it was assumed that in each case the average beta value would approach unity .
as beta values were also randomly [given] to portfolios it was assumed that in each case the average beta value would approach unity .

the lack of extra assigned responsibility for the extra pay ( Scale 2 ) of one of the assistant Art teachers .
the lack of extra [given] responsibility for the extra pay ( scale 2 ) of one of the assistant art teachers .

In practice , unlike the example of a collection of objects with randomly assigned characteristics , we reach the same classification by using different sets of characters .
in practice , unlike the example of a collection of objects with randomly [given] characteristics , we reach the same classification by using different sets of characters .

Many royal forests were ‘ assigned to the maintenance ’ of royal castles in or near them .
many royal forests were ‘ [given] to the maintenance ’ of royal castles in or near them .

In the ‘ free chase ’ of Knaresborough , which had been assigned to Queen Isabella for life , they made an unauthorized perambulation and acted upon it by felling trees , planting hedges , and hunting the deer without warrant .
in the ‘ free chase ’ of knaresborough , which had been [given] to queen isabella for life , they made an unauthorized perambulation and acted upon it by felling trees , planting hedges , and hunting the deer without warrant .

Most ministers tended to face similar tasks : their primary work was to lead the church or , if a Methodist , to work in his assigned circuit and to supervise the ‘ stations ’ with their local preachers .
most ministers tended to face similar tasks : their primary work was to lead the church or , if a methodist , to work in his [given] circuit and to supervise the ‘ stations ’ with their local preachers .

Constantine had sponsored the building of a cathedral adjoining a palace he had assigned to the bishop , and of some great memorial churches on the edges of the city .
constantine had sponsored the building of a cathedral adjoining a palace he had [given] to the bishop , and of some great memorial churches on the edges of the city .

If a date can be assigned to one or more points of this relative sequence , it is normally possible to make reasonably accurate inferences about the dates of the intermediary points .
if a date can be [given] to one or more points of this relative sequence , it is normally possible to make reasonably accurate inferences about the dates of the intermediary points .

Once a team of ministers is assigned to the Northern Ireland Office over the weekend , an early meeting of the Anglo-Irish Conference will take place .
once a team of ministers is [given] to the northern ireland office over the weekend , an early meeting of the anglo-irish conference will take place .

The right to a trade mark can be assigned only in connection with the goodwill of the business concerned in the goods for which it has been registered , and comes to an end with that goodwill .
the right to a trade mark can be [given] only in connection with the goodwill of the business concerned in the goods for which it has been registered , and comes to an end with that goodwill .

In Finland local authorities are being turned into the purchasing agents — with a range of powers and responsibilities that look remarkably similar to those being assigned to the district health authorities under the Tory reforms .
in finland local authorities are being turned into the purchasing agents — with a range of powers and responsibilities that look remarkably similar to those being [given] to the district health authorities under the tory reforms .

The three men assigned to the inflatable waited in the cockpit .
the three men [given] to the inflatable waited in the cockpit .

Note We will make payments as stated above provided ( a ) the injured clients notify us of any claim for personal injury within 3 months of their return from holiday ; ( b ) they assign to Horizon Holidays Ltd. any rights against a supplier or any other person or party they may have relating to the claim ; and ( c ) they agree to co-operate fully with us should we or our insurers wish to enforce those rights which have been assigned to us or to which we are subrogated .
note we will make payments as stated above provided ( a ) the injured clients notify us of any claim for personal injury within 3 months of their return from holiday ; ( b ) they assign to horizon holidays ltd. any rights against a supplier or any other person or party they may have relating to the claim ; and ( c ) they agree to co-operate fully with us should we or our insurers wish to enforce those rights which have been [given] to us or to which we are subrogated .

Work duties are assigned by the sergeant at the beginning of the shift in what is known as ‘ parade ’ when all members meet together , occasionally in the presence of senior officers .
work duties are [given] by the sergeant at the beginning of the shift in what is known as ‘ parade ’ when all members meet together , occasionally in the presence of senior officers .

This not only affects how the male public react to policewomen in the province , it also influences how male colleagues treat policewomen in the work environment and the sorts of duties they are assigned in practice ; and the dearth of senior female officers makes it easy for male colleagues to impose such limits on the role of policewomen .
this not only affects how the male public react to policewomen in the province , it also influences how male colleagues treat policewomen in the work environment and the sorts of duties they are [given] in practice ; and the dearth of senior female officers makes it easy for male colleagues to impose such limits on the role of policewomen .

On the other hand , female members of the public who are involved in incidents other than those for which policewomen are normally assigned can find the preponderance of policemen disturbing and problematic .
on the other hand , female members of the public who are involved in incidents other than those for which policewomen are normally [given] can find the preponderance of policemen disturbing and problematic .

Up until recently the English have had certain virtues assigned : honesty , loyalty , fair dealing , kindness to animals ( and women ) . But how much is true now ?
up until recently the english have had certain virtues [given] : honesty , loyalty , fair dealing , kindness to animals ( and women ) . but how much is true now ?

The colour you are assigned arises from your position in the draw , but this may change from round to round , so do n't go to the same position as you went to previously .
the colour you are [given] arises from your position in the draw , but this may change from round to round , so do n't go to the same position as you went to previously .

Nicholas Dyer is imagined as the builder of Nicholas Hawksmoor 's churches in the East End of London ; the enlightened edifices of a rational Christianity are thereby ascribed to a devil-worshipper , while the name ‘ Hawksmoor ’ is assigned to the Detective Chief Superintendent who , in the later narrative , frets himself into a delirium over a series of stranglings which takes place in the vicinity of the churches .
nicholas dyer is imagined as the builder of nicholas hawksmoor 's churches in the east end of london ; the enlightened edifices of a rational christianity are thereby ascribed to a devil-worshipper , while the name ‘ hawksmoor ’ is [given] to the detective chief superintendent who , in the later narrative , frets himself into a delirium over a series of stranglings which takes place in the vicinity of the churches .

Raconteur and raisonneur , in his art as in his personal life , he is a concealed author who is evident enough in his hotly opinionated fiction : he is not given to expounding his own passionate opinions there , but can be recognised without difficulty in almost every aspect of every one of his novels , including the speech assigned to his often disputatious characters .
raconteur and raisonneur , in his art as in his personal life , he is a concealed author who is evident enough in his hotly opinionated fiction : he is not given to expounding his own passionate opinions there , but can be recognised without difficulty in almost every aspect of every one of his novels , including the speech [given] to his often disputatious characters .

While the others are assigned to carvings which were partially damaged David Esterly has to recreate something which was all but destroyed in the fire .
while the others are [given] to carvings which were partially damaged david esterly has to recreate something which was all but destroyed in the fire .

Although conservation matters are generally assigned on an area basis , many councils now have their own conservation officers .
although conservation matters are generally [given] on an area basis , many councils now have their own conservation officers .

What is at stake in this , and in the work of a number of other writers whom Neale acknowledged , is a sensitivity to generic difference as much as to repetition , and , in particular , to generic difference which can not simply be assigned to the magical agency of authorship .
what is at stake in this , and in the work of a number of other writers whom neale acknowledged , is a sensitivity to generic difference as much as to repetition , and , in particular , to generic difference which can not simply be [given] to the magical agency of authorship .

If Brief Encounter were to be critically favoured at all , it had to be rescued from the discredited label of Coward and conclusively assigned to the body of texts marked ‘ Lean ’ .
if brief encounter were to be critically favoured at all , it had to be rescued from the discredited label of coward and conclusively [given] to the body of texts marked ‘ lean ’ .

Robert Schwartz , a young physician working under William Dameshek , the chief of haematology at the New England Medical Centre , was assigned the task of solving this problem .
robert schwartz , a young physician working under william dameshek , the chief of haematology at the new england medical centre , was [given] the task of solving this problem .

The temperament we look for in our dog primarily depends on the work or function assigned to him .
the temperament we look for in our dog primarily depends on the work or function [given] to him .

In his phlegmatic way , the Italian manager declined to say which defender will be assigned to mark the enfant terrible .
in his phlegmatic way , the italian manager declined to say which defender will be [given] to mark the enfant terrible .

In his phlegmatic way , the Italian manager declined to say which defender will be assigned to mark the enfant terrible .
in his phlegmatic way , the italian manager declined to say which defender will be [given] to mark the enfant terrible .

They say that the police could stop the violence overnight if the Special Patrol Group was assigned to patrol the area , or if the Home Office made it sufficiently clear that this kind of activity must stop .
they say that the police could stop the violence overnight if the special patrol group was [given] to patrol the area , or if the home office made it sufficiently clear that this kind of activity must stop .

In 1918 his stock was confiscated , but he became chairman of the cooperative to which it was assigned .
in 1918 his stock was confiscated , but he became chairman of the cooperative to which it was [given] .

Until quite recently , most music publishing agreements assigned all rights in a song to the publisher for this full copyright term .
until quite recently , most music publishing agreements [given] all rights in a song to the publisher for this full copyright term .

Yet , the work 's direction is quite the opposite of that conventionally assigned to the fertility rite .
yet , the work 's direction is quite the opposite of that conventionally [given] to the fertility rite .

Officials said four units of the national police had been assigned to the case , including two specialist terrorist squads .
officials said four units of the national police had been [given] to the case , including two specialist terrorist squads .

The Fenland ( covering Cambridgeshire , Isle of Ely , Huntingdonshire and the Soke of Peterborough ) was without a tutor-organiser from the time Frank Cossey resigned in July 1956 until the appointment of Robert Darby in July 1959 : here it was the decision not to reappoint in Essex following Collingwood 's departure at the end of 1957 which allowed the District to negotiate with the Ministry for a new tutor-organiser to be assigned to the Fenland instead .
the fenland ( covering cambridgeshire , isle of ely , huntingdonshire and the soke of peterborough ) was without a tutor-organiser from the time frank cossey resigned in july 1956 until the appointment of robert darby in july 1959 : here it was the decision not to reappoint in essex following collingwood 's departure at the end of 1957 which allowed the district to negotiate with the ministry for a new tutor-organiser to be [given] to the fenland instead .

They suggest that this may be through the perceived control an individual has over his goals , as compared to that when goals are externally assigned .
they suggest that this may be through the perceived control an individual has over his goals , as compared to that when goals are externally [given] .

In the second phase , evaluation tasks will be assigned to laboratories throughout the 12 member states .
in the second phase , evaluation tasks will be [given] to laboratories throughout the 12 member states .

For funding reasons , health service membership of the teams was slow to build up in the early 1980s and key actors in the local health services were never entirely happy with the developmental role assigned to the CMHTs .
for funding reasons , health service membership of the teams was slow to build up in the early 1980s and key actors in the local health services were never entirely happy with the developmental role [given] to the cmhts .

It is not a political issue about women sharing a function hitherto assigned to men .
it is not a political issue about women sharing a function hitherto [given] to men .

They set about their assigned jobs with a high degree of diligence .
they set about their [given] jobs with a high degree of diligence .

He had put up at a cheap pension , the Hospedaje Lisboa ( ‘ Camas , Comidas ’ — Rooms , Meals ) , where he had an even smaller room than the one assigned to me at the Colegio .
he had put up at a cheap pension , the hospedaje lisboa ( ‘ camas , comidas ’ — rooms , meals ) , where he had an even smaller room than the one [given] to me at the colegio .

As soon as they knew that Bella had been assigned to her , the other two trainees cornered Marie in the canteen and briefed her on what to expect .
as soon as they knew that bella had been [given] to her , the other two trainees cornered marie in the canteen and briefed her on what to expect .

As men expanded the field of responsibility for their own existence , the field formerly assigned to Providence , in the traditional sense , contracted .
as men expanded the field of responsibility for their own existence , the field formerly [given] to providence , in the traditional sense , contracted .

The preeminence assigned to last hours on earth gave a special significance to the final words of the dying .
the preeminence [given] to last hours on earth gave a special significance to the final words of the dying .

Each symbol represents the analysis of an individual object ; samples of unknown origin can be assigned to their source by their position on such a diagram .
each symbol represents the analysis of an individual object ; samples of unknown origin can be [given] to their source by their position on such a diagram .

If a measurement on an ‘ unknown ’ marble fragment is then plotted on this graph and it falls within one of the ellipses , the fragment can probably be assigned to that quarry .
if a measurement on an ‘ unknown ’ marble fragment is then plotted on this graph and it falls within one of the ellipses , the fragment can probably be [given] to that quarry .

Sometimes it is obvious to which group an individual should be assigned , but where it is not .
sometimes it is obvious to which group an individual should be [given] , but where it is not .

Secondly , an individual post-hole can not easily be assigned to any particular building phase , since any datable artefact found within it could either pre-date or post-date the structure for which the hole was dug .
secondly , an individual post-hole can not easily be [given] to any particular building phase , since any datable artefact found within it could either pre-date or post-date the structure for which the hole was dug .

Within a healthy tradition of Goddess-worship , there is assigned to the Goddess an ambivalence , a sense that left to herself she will be destructive rather than nurturing .
within a healthy tradition of goddess-worship , there is [given] to the goddess an ambivalence , a sense that left to herself she will be destructive rather than nurturing .

Nevertheless , although it is not a reason to pass over them as Todd does , a limiting factor in the work of experimental novelists in Britain does seem , as he suggests , to be that they are consistently assigned to marginal rather than mainstream positions .
nevertheless , although it is not a reason to pass over them as todd does , a limiting factor in the work of experimental novelists in britain does seem , as he suggests , to be that they are consistently [given] to marginal rather than mainstream positions .

Obviously it had been a fight , but since Fairbrother was a newcomer to the school , aggressive and ever ready to defend himself with insults , no particular motive was assigned to either party .
obviously it had been a fight , but since fairbrother was a newcomer to the school , aggressive and ever ready to defend himself with insults , no particular motive was [given] to either party .

Acquisition of a button-pressing task ( a separate button was assigned to each of the four faces ) proceeded significantly more rapidly for members of the pair given dissimilar names than for members of the pair given similar names .
acquisition of a button-pressing task ( a separate button was [given] to each of the four faces ) proceeded significantly more rapidly for members of the pair given dissimilar names than for members of the pair given similar names .

3 This agreement is on the assumption that you are the owner of the materials , and that in the event of your employing a third person or persons to provide part or the whole of the materials , that the copyright of those materials have been assigned to you .
3 this agreement is on the assumption that you are the owner of the materials , and that in the event of your employing a third person or persons to provide part or the whole of the materials , that the copyright of those materials have been [given] to you .

From 1959 to 1961 Hayman served as Counsellor in Baghdad , and was then assigned to another public relations post as director-general of British Information Services , New York .
from 1959 to 1961 hayman served as counsellor in baghdad , and was then [given] to another public relations post as director-general of british information services , new york .

He was assigned to what was vaguely described as ‘ guard duty , ’ warned not to talk about his work and taken down to the basement to start .
he was [given] to what was vaguely described as ‘ guard duty , ’ warned not to talk about his work and taken down to the basement to start .

The world champion may not be worried about the £500 fine handed out for throwing the last game of his bizarre straight-games loss to Jahangir Khan in the final of last month 's Stuttgart Open , but he should be more concerned at the zero computer points assigned him for the Stuttgart tournament , which may enable Jahangir to overtake him in the New Year rankings , plus the fact that any further misdemeanour will probably mean draconian punishment .
the world champion may not be worried about the £500 fine handed out for throwing the last game of his bizarre straight-games loss to jahangir khan in the final of last month 's stuttgart open , but he should be more concerned at the zero computer points [given] him for the stuttgart tournament , which may enable jahangir to overtake him in the new year rankings , plus the fact that any further misdemeanour will probably mean draconian punishment .

Often they are recruited or assigned at short notice to an unfamiliar school and are expected to instantly mould themselves to its systems of operating and style .
often they are recruited or [given] at short notice to an unfamiliar school and are expected to instantly mould themselves to its systems of operating and style .

And she has assigned them to me .
and she has [given] them to me .

Its effect is to deny that authoritative instructions can serve the mediating role assigned them above .
its effect is to deny that authoritative instructions can serve the mediating role [given] them above .

The commanding officer may consent to his soldiers ' being assigned certain duties by another officer .
the commanding officer may consent to his soldiers ' being [given] certain duties by another officer .

The rights assigned to the empire by these jurists were so great that many cities refused to acknowledge them .
the rights [given] to the empire by these jurists were so great that many cities refused to acknowledge them .

Once a patient is deemed incapable , having been assigned to one of these categories , his powers of self-determination are taken from him .
once a patient is deemed incapable , having been [given] to one of these categories , his powers of self-determination are taken from him .

In the Iliad Olympian theology and morality are dominated by space-like rather than time-like concepts , the cardinal sin being hubris , that is , going beyond one 's assigned province .
in the iliad olympian theology and morality are dominated by space-like rather than time-like concepts , the cardinal sin being hubris , that is , going beyond one 's [given] province .

Although the Romans respected the literary and other cultural achievements of the Greeks , they were puzzled by the importance assigned by them to mathematics .
although the romans respected the literary and other cultural achievements of the greeks , they were puzzled by the importance [given] by them to mathematics .

This is not surprising since different numbers were assigned to the year in different places .
this is not surprising since different numbers were [given] to the year in different places .

With their love of large numbers , they assigned to a single cycle 12,000 divine years , each of 360 solar years , totalling 4,320,000 years , and 1,000 of such cosmic cycles constituted one kalpa .
with their love of large numbers , they [given] to a single cycle 12,000 divine years , each of 360 solar years , totalling 4,320,000 years , and 1,000 of such cosmic cycles constituted one kalpa .

Their assigned role is best exemplified by the fact that in the 1992 World Cup in Australia , the bowling side was afforded the advantage of two white new balls .
their [given] role is best exemplified by the fact that in the 1992 world cup in australia , the bowling side was afforded the advantage of two white new balls .

Each neighbourhood was assigned a planner who was responsible for notifying neighbourhood residents of planning decisions which were likely to affect them and for channelling requests for action through the appropriate city departments .
each neighbourhood was [given] a planner who was responsible for notifying neighbourhood residents of planning decisions which were likely to affect them and for channelling requests for action through the appropriate city departments .

The neighbourhood ( for which physical limits may be assigned ) acted as a base for a group but , often , these groups could be more accurately defined by housing and class interests than purely by locality .
the neighbourhood ( for which physical limits may be [given] ) acted as a base for a group but , often , these groups could be more accurately defined by housing and class interests than purely by locality .

‘ For God 's sake , get to sea instantly … , ’ the First Lord of the Admiralty signalled the captain in command of the squadron assigned to blockade the Texel .
‘ for god 's sake , get to sea instantly … , ’ the first lord of the admiralty signalled the captain in command of the squadron [given] to blockade the texel .

That role was assigned to older children , not always with their approval .
that role was [given] to older children , not always with their approval .

Still , they met us with fire trucks ; we were politely assigned an armed guard and warned not to take pictures .
still , they met us with fire trucks ; we were politely [given] an armed guard and warned not to take pictures .

The data sheets indicated that in practice , there is considerable overlap between what is regarded as job and development training , with many programmes being assigned dual functions , usually job and development , sometimes induction and job , occasionally all three .
the data sheets indicated that in practice , there is considerable overlap between what is regarded as job and development training , with many programmes being [given] dual functions , usually job and development , sometimes induction and job , occasionally all three .

The following household tasks are generally assigned purely on a cultural basis .
the following household tasks are generally [given] purely on a cultural basis .

But the roles are assigned and Andrew knows his role so well now .
but the roles are [given] and andrew knows his role so well now .

They were assigned a lowly place
they were [given] a lowly place

As an alternative to direct exchange between service points some authorities create circulating collections of ‘ low-interest ’ subjects which move location periodically without being assigned permanently to any base .
as an alternative to direct exchange between service points some authorities create circulating collections of ‘ low-interest ’ subjects which move location periodically without being [given] permanently to any base .

The ultimate aim of interviewers is to produce a well-completed schedule for every interview assigned to them .
the ultimate aim of interviewers is to produce a well-completed schedule for every interview [given] to them .

He stated that ‘ experimental committees , public reports on the workings of the institution , legal injunctions of the council , were soon assigned to the ominous alphabet of dead letters … he enjoyed the privileges of undivided authority , nay , of despotism and great wealth ’ .
he stated that ‘ experimental committees , public reports on the workings of the institution , legal injunctions of the council , were soon [given] to the ominous alphabet of dead letters … he enjoyed the privileges of undivided authority , nay , of despotism and great wealth ’ .

The students spend a given amount of time per week for a period of months , with the guidance of an assigned individual in the company and with the support of the technical staff of the school or college .
the students spend a given amount of time per week for a period of months , with the guidance of an [given] individual in the company and with the support of the technical staff of the school or college .

If the deep anaphor can be assigned a suitable interpretation from a content-based representation it does not matter , at least as far as a considered judgement of acceptability is concerned , if the previous expression of that content does not parallel the one that would have to be substituted for the anaphor to make a full second clause .
if the deep anaphor can be [given] a suitable interpretation from a content-based representation it does not matter , at least as far as a considered judgement of acceptability is concerned , if the previous expression of that content does not parallel the one that would have to be substituted for the anaphor to make a full second clause .

The paraphrase is intended to show not only what referents have been assigned to the anaphors , but also , by using near-synonyms and varying the syntactic structures , what lexical and structural choices have been made .
the paraphrase is intended to show not only what referents have been [given] to the anaphors , but also , by using near-synonyms and varying the syntactic structures , what lexical and structural choices have been made .

Grant guarded their rear — the work assigned to anyone disabled .
grant guarded their rear — the work [given] to anyone disabled .

assigned to you in this Cathedral Church
[given] to you in this cathedral church

Since the convention 's Funds are used mainly to help protect World Heritage sites in developing countries , responsibility was assigned to the Overseas Development Agency , part of the Foreign Office .
since the convention 's funds are used mainly to help protect world heritage sites in developing countries , responsibility was [given] to the overseas development agency , part of the foreign office .

The ‘ truth ’ is then assigned to one level or another yet although these effects may be real , different people will attribute the ‘ true ’ cause to different levels .
the ‘ truth ’ is then [given] to one level or another yet although these effects may be real , different people will attribute the ‘ true ’ cause to different levels .

As a primary source of good , and subject to whatever rules may be agreed from time to time , this early example of human cooperation could be an unquestioned source of ‘ goodness ’ to be assigned to the keeping of the Created God .
as a primary source of good , and subject to whatever rules may be agreed from time to time , this early example of human cooperation could be an unquestioned source of ‘ goodness ’ to be [given] to the keeping of the created god .

Nevertheless it could be a long time before any human decisions acquired sufficient accord to be entered as units of ‘ goodness ’ and assigned to the Created God .
nevertheless it could be a long time before any human decisions acquired sufficient accord to be entered as units of ‘ goodness ’ and [given] to the created god .

The foregoing example illustrates the manner in which a human decision accepted as good , can be designated a unit of ‘ goodness ’ and be assigned to the store which is the Created God .
the foregoing example illustrates the manner in which a human decision accepted as good , can be designated a unit of ‘ goodness ’ and be [given] to the store which is the created god .

It is the work of the resulting army of dedicated and sincere reformers who through the centuries have fought to make mankind accept that the Second Choice is the right one , that has provided , and will go on providing for ever , the real power for the production of the good that will be assigned to the storehouse that is the Created God .
it is the work of the resulting army of dedicated and sincere reformers who through the centuries have fought to make mankind accept that the second choice is the right one , that has provided , and will go on providing for ever , the real power for the production of the good that will be [given] to the storehouse that is the created god .

Corbett felt hemmed in by the sheer frustration of the task assigned him .
corbett felt hemmed in by the sheer frustration of the task [given] him .

All registered students on taught courses are assigned to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , assessment and progress . Students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if required , with study or examination skills ;
all registered students on taught courses are [given] to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , assessment and progress . students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if required , with study or examination skills ;

During her training , a student is assigned to various clinical areas for periods of six to twelve weeks .
during her training , a student is [given] to various clinical areas for periods of six to twelve weeks .

Each learner should be assigned to a clinical teacher or tutor whom they should consult regarding individual difficulties .
each learner should be [given] to a clinical teacher or tutor whom they should consult regarding individual difficulties .

As a visual aid to quick and easy identification , each section in the prospectus has been assigned its own colour code .
as a visual aid to quick and easy identification , each section in the prospectus has been [given] its own colour code .

Unfortunately , these encouraging results have not been substantiated in prospective studies of special forms of treatment , although it is worth noting that no proper , prospective controlled study in which patients have been randomly assigned to either a treatment or a no-treatment group has been carried out .
unfortunately , these encouraging results have not been substantiated in prospective studies of special forms of treatment , although it is worth noting that no proper , prospective controlled study in which patients have been randomly [given] to either a treatment or a no-treatment group has been carried out .

How many men have been assigned to watch him ?
how many men have been [given] to watch him ?

Concurrents Concurrents is the term given to a number in the series 1 to 7 assigned to each year , and has close correspondence with the dominical letter .
concurrents concurrents is the term given to a number in the series 1 to 7 [given] to each year , and has close correspondence with the dominical letter .

With all the ingredients in hand , a regular slot on the weekly network schedule is assigned , and the entire cast meets for several hours ' ’ wood-shed ’ rehearsal where the individual numbers are whittled into shape for the performance .
with all the ingredients in hand , a regular slot on the weekly network schedule is [given] , and the entire cast meets for several hours ' ’ wood-shed ’ rehearsal where the individual numbers are whittled into shape for the performance .

Yet other words denote a value judgement assigned by the user — large , medium , small ; good and bad being examples .
yet other words denote a value judgement [given] by the user — large , medium , small ; good and bad being examples .

After all , they say to themselves , why would the teacher have assigned it if this weren ’ t so ?
after all , they say to themselves , why would the teacher have [given] it if this weren ’ t so ?

For the next hour and a half , she assigned her own mother and herself at least ﬁfteen different roles—mother , father , baby , sister , doctor , nurse , and more—as she explored the idea of a mother dying :
for the next hour and a half , she [given] her own mother and herself at least ﬁfteen different roles—mother , father , baby , sister , doctor , nurse , and more—as she explored the idea of a mother dying :

Each operation is assigned to a single worker , who receives a bundle of unfinished garment parts and undertakes her single operation on each item in the bundle .
each operation is [given] to a single worker , who receives a bundle of unfinished garment parts and undertakes her single operation on each item in the bundle .

Retail buyers , assigned to a specific product line , purchased products based on their best guesses of what would sell .
retail buyers , [given] to a specific product line , purchased products based on their best guesses of what would sell .

The term Leyenda Negra was assigned to this belief by Julian Juderias , a Spanish intellectual , in 1914 .
the term leyenda negra was [given] to this belief by julian juderias , a spanish intellectual , in 1914 .

The total length of time it takes to construct the set of objects is called the “ makespan. ” We may consider , for each schedule , a definition of neighboring schedules , such as swapping the order in which two objects are assigned to a given machine .
the total length of time it takes to construct the set of objects is called the “ makespan. ” we may consider , for each schedule , a definition of neighboring schedules , such as swapping the order in which two objects are [given] to a given machine .

Moreover , for any given number of clauses and V variables , if a given assignment of true or false to the V variables satisfies the Ksat problem , we can ask if any of the -mutant neighbor assignments of true and false to the V variables that change the truth value assigned to one of the V variables also satisfy the Ksat problem .
moreover , for any given number of clauses and v variables , if a given assignment of true or false to the v variables satisfies the ksat problem , we can ask if any of the -mutant neighbor assignments of true and false to the v variables that change the truth value [given] to one of the v variables also satisfy the ksat problem .

Say , a network of , genes is constructed at random , with the simple limitation that each model gene have K = inputs but that the wiring diagram be chosen at random , and the Boolean function assigned to each gene among the possible Boolean functions of K = inputs is also chosen , once and for all , at random , this spaghetti mess of a network with its tangle of , wires connecting the genes in some mad scramble will straighten itself out .
say , a network of , genes is constructed at random , with the simple limitation that each model gene have k = inputs but that the wiring diagram be chosen at random , and the boolean function [given] to each gene among the possible boolean functions of k = inputs is also chosen , once and for all , at random , this spaghetti mess of a network with its tangle of , wires connecting the genes in some mad scramble will straighten itself out .

Obviously , as each variable is in more and more of the C clauses , with randomly assigned truth requirements , Vi versus not-Vi , the chance that the set of clauses can be jointly satisfied gets harder .
obviously , as each variable is in more and more of the c clauses , with randomly [given] truth requirements , vi versus not-vi , the chance that the set of clauses can be jointly satisfied gets harder .

Given rather general assumptions on the probability per pair of species of who eats or kills what , assigned more or less randomly , then as the number of species , hence pairs of species increase , such communities can fill up in the presence of persistent attempts at invasion .
given rather general assumptions on the probability per pair of species of who eats or kills what , [given] more or less randomly , then as the number of species , hence pairs of species increase , such communities can fill up in the presence of persistent attempts at invasion .

Since fitness values are assigned at random for the to the ( K + ) , or to the N input configurations when K = N - , it is easy to show that the resulting fitness landscape is fully random .
since fitness values are [given] at random for the to the ( k + ) , or to the n input configurations when k = n - , it is easy to show that the resulting fitness landscape is fully random .

Hartle and Gell-Mann argue that the decoherent histories of the universe , where true probabilities can be assigned , rather than mere amplitudes , correspond to the classical realm .
hartle and gell-mann argue that the decoherent histories of the universe , where true probabilities can be [given] , rather than mere amplitudes , correspond to the classical realm .

Adjoining chambers are assigned to lesser royal personages , with a gloomy area devoted to the princes who died in childhood .
adjoining chambers are [given] to lesser royal personages , with a gloomy area devoted to the princes who died in childhood .

In fact , it doesn ’ t slow down the great majority of visitors who stampede across the middle of Mallorca in a mad dash to their assigned piece of coastline .
in fact , it doesn ’ t slow down the great majority of visitors who stampede across the middle of mallorca in a mad dash to their [given] piece of coastline .

Because they are the stars of this attraction , the giant pandas are assigned high-ceilinged , spacious cages and outdoor play areas .
because they are the stars of this attraction , the giant pandas are [given] high-ceilinged , spacious cages and outdoor play areas .

Top priority was now assigned to the modernization of China ’ s underdeveloped economy .
top priority was now [given] to the modernization of china ’ s underdeveloped economy .

In fact , these formations so resemble modern sculptures that they have been assigned comical names .
in fact , these formations so resemble modern sculptures that they have been [given] comical names .

Under that program , civil cases for eligible clients are assigned to private attorneys who have agreed to participate .
under that program , civil cases for eligible clients are [given] to private attorneys who have agreed to participate .

Henry M. Greenberg , a partner in the Albany , N.Y. , firm Couch White who previously served 14 years in state government , was made chair of a standing state bar committee assigned to work with the Bar Foundation to put the plan into operation .
henry m. greenberg , a partner in the albany , n.y. , firm couch white who previously served 14 years in state government , was made chair of a standing state bar committee [given] to work with the bar foundation to put the plan into operation .

He contacted Legal Services and his case was assigned to paralegal David Morris .
he contacted legal services and his case was [given] to paralegal david morris .

The type of funds to be deposited is strictly circumscribed , and the use to which that combined interest can be assigned , carefully delineated .
the type of funds to be deposited is strictly circumscribed , and the use to which that combined interest can be [given] , carefully delineated .

As a newly assigned judge at the Clara Shortridge Foltz Criminal Justice Center , Zelon 's day-to-day work no longer affects the public on such a broad scale .
as a newly [given] judge at the clara shortridge foltz criminal justice center , zelon 's day-to-day work no longer affects the public on such a broad scale .

Unless U.S. District Judge William Walls , who is assigned to the case , calls a halt to the process , LSC expects to make final grant awards by early December .
unless u.s. district judge william walls , who is [given] to the case , calls a halt to the process , lsc expects to make final grant awards by early december .

In Loveland , 23 were assigned attorneys .
in loveland , 23 were [given] attorneys .

A total of 366 patients were randomly assigned to the intervention condition , but nearly 15 % of these patients were discharged before the intervention could be given , and nearly 2 % refused the intervention .
a total of 366 patients were randomly [given] to the intervention condition , but nearly 15 % of these patients were discharged before the intervention could be given , and nearly 2 % refused the intervention .

A controlled trial of a similar motivational intervention with older adolescents ages 18 to 19 years treated in an emergency room following an alcohol-related event randomly assigned 94 of the 184 eligible patients.19 Patients were assigned to a motivational intervention or a standard control of a handout about drinking and driving and a list of alcohol treatment agencies .
a controlled trial of a similar motivational intervention with older adolescents ages 18 to 19 years treated in an emergency room following an alcohol-related event randomly [given] 94 of the 184 eligible patients.19 patients were [given] to a motivational intervention or a standard control of a handout about drinking and driving and a list of alcohol treatment agencies .

Implementing screening in clinical practice Any ED staff member could be assigned the screening task .
implementing screening in clinical practice any ed staff member could be [given] the screening task .

IRS restricts the number of senior executives assigned to each bonus level for each business unit .
irs restricts the number of senior executives [given] to each bonus level for each business unit .

After the initial summary evaluation ratings are assigned , the senior executives ' ratings are converted into points-an `` outstanding '' rating converts to six points ; an `` exceeded '' to four points , which is the baseline ; a `` met '' to two points ; and a `` not met '' to zero points .
after the initial summary evaluation ratings are [given] , the senior executives ' ratings are converted into points-an `` outstanding '' rating converts to six points ; an `` exceeded '' to four points , which is the baseline ; a `` met '' to two points ; and a `` not met '' to zero points .

The executive is assigned to a certain number of projects during the year in light of the size of the executive 's regional office .
the executive is [given] to a certain number of projects during the year in light of the size of the executive 's regional office .

For elements where a level of achievement other than fully successful has been assigned , the rating official must describe the executive 's achievements on additional pages .
for elements where a level of achievement other than fully successful has been [given] , the rating official must describe the executive 's achievements on additional pages .

The division of powers between the federal and state parliaments broadly follows the American model-states and territories are responsible for matters not assigned to the federal government .
the division of powers between the federal and state parliaments broadly follows the american model-states and territories are responsible for matters not [given] to the federal government .

Agencies assigned a broad range of responsibilities to teams and allowed members to help each other and learn new skills .
agencies [given] a broad range of responsibilities to teams and allowed members to help each other and learn new skills .

If employees believe they have the authority to tackle goals and objectives beyond their formal job descriptions and assigned units , then when customers have legitimate complaints , empowered front-line employees can `` make it right '' immediately rather than having to wait for management to get involved .
if employees believe they have the authority to tackle goals and objectives beyond their formal job descriptions and [given] units , then when customers have legitimate complaints , empowered front-line employees can `` make it right '' immediately rather than having to wait for management to get involved .

Members of the central group possess a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff assigned to individual business units .
members of the central group possess a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff [given] to individual business units .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently [given] to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .

However , at the organizations we studied , as at federal agencies , security is often a collateral duty , rather than a full-time job , and the individuals assigned frequently have limited technical expertise .
however , at the organizations we studied , as at federal agencies , security is often a collateral duty , rather than a full-time job , and the individuals [given] frequently have limited technical expertise .

Case Example - Coordinating Policy Development and Awareness Activities After experiencing a significant virus infection in 1989 , a retailing company assigned one of its managers to step up efforts to promote employee awareness of information security risks and related organizational policies .
case example - coordinating policy development and awareness activities after experiencing a significant virus infection in 1989 , a retailing company [given] one of its managers to step up efforts to promote employee awareness of information security risks and related organizational policies .

Using either cost valuation method , the cost assigned to an item of PP & E shall include all costs incurred to bring the Federal mission PP & E to a form and location suitable for its intended use .
using either cost valuation method , the cost [given] to an item of pp & e shall include all costs incurred to bring the federal mission pp & e to a form and location suitable for its intended use .

In a broad sense , costs can be assigned to processes , activities , organizational divisions , products , and services .
in a broad sense , costs can be [given] to processes , activities , organizational divisions , products , and services .

Direct costs are assigned to activities by direct tracing of units of resources consumed by individual activities .
direct costs are [given] to activities by direct tracing of units of resources consumed by individual activities .

The costs assigned include those that do and do not vary with the level of activity performed .
the costs [given] include those that do and do not vary with the level of activity performed .

This contrasts with the value assigned to a good or service measured in constant dollars .
this contrasts with the value [given] to a good or service measured in constant dollars .

A predetermined cost to be assigned to products produced .
a predetermined cost to be [given] to products produced .

Over the years , as new social or economic problems emerged , Congress assigned many agencies new and unanticipated program responsibilities .
over the years , as new social or economic problems emerged , congress [given] many agencies new and unanticipated program responsibilities .

In addition , there is nothing that identifies the support staff and the White House Fellow , referred to as the group support staff , assigned to provide support to the NEPDG .
in addition , there is nothing that identifies the support staff and the white house fellow , referred to as the group support staff , [given] to provide support to the nepdg .

Committee Member requests are those involving a program or activity within the jurisdiction of the Member 's assigned committees .
committee member requests are those involving a program or activity within the jurisdiction of the member 's [given] committees .

Individual Member requests are those for work where the program or activity is not within the jurisdiction of the Member 's assigned committees .
individual member requests are those for work where the program or activity is not within the jurisdiction of the member 's [given] committees .

Detailees to the Congress By law , GAO staff can be assigned on detail only to congressional committees , not to leadership or personal offices .
detailees to the congress by law , gao staff can be [given] on detail only to congressional committees , not to leadership or personal offices .

The assigned OMB control number is 0579-0015 .
the [given] omb control number is 0579-0015 .

The Departments submitted the proposed collection requirements to OMB as required by the Paperwork Reduction Act and OMB has approved the information collection requirements and assigned control number 1076-0136 .
the departments submitted the proposed collection requirements to omb as required by the paperwork reduction act and omb has approved the information collection requirements and [given] control number 1076-0136 .

On March 22 , 1996 , OMB approved the information collection and assigned OMB Control No .
on march 22 , 1996 , omb approved the information collection and [given] omb control no .

The assigned OMB control number is 0579-0015 .
the [given] omb control number is 0579-0015 .

Specifically state that auditors should have knowledge of GAGAS applicable to the work they are assigned ( par .
specifically state that auditors should have knowledge of gagas applicable to the work they are [given] ( par .

COMPETENCE 3.9 The third general standard is : The staff assigned to perform the assignment should collectively possess adequate professional competence for the tasks required .
competence 3.9 the third general standard is : the staff [given] to perform the assignment should collectively possess adequate professional competence for the tasks required .

Auditors should be knowledgeable in generally accepted accounting principles and the AICPA 's generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards ( SASs ) when performing a financial audit and should be competent in applying these standards and SASs to the task assigned .
auditors should be knowledgeable in generally accepted accounting principles and the aicpa 's generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards ( sass ) when performing a financial audit and should be competent in applying these standards and sass to the task [given] .

Similarly , when performing an attestation engagement , auditors should be knowledgeable in the AICPA 's general attestation standard related to criteria , and the AICPA 's attestation standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements ( SSAEs ) , and should be competent in applying these standards and SSAEs to the task assigned .
similarly , when performing an attestation engagement , auditors should be knowledgeable in the aicpa 's general attestation standard related to criteria , and the aicpa 's attestation standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements ( ssaes ) , and should be competent in applying these standards and ssaes to the task [given] .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and The AICPA standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and the aicpa standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their [given] functions .

Members of the central group possess a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff assigned to individual business units .
members of the central group possess a variety of technical skills and have specific information security responsibilities , such as developing policy , maintaining the firewall that protects the organization 's network from unauthorized intrusions , or supporting security staff [given] to individual business units .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently [given] to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .

However , at the organizations we studied , as at federal agencies , security is often a collateral duty , rather than a full-time job , and the individuals assigned frequently have limited technical expertise .
however , at the organizations we studied , as at federal agencies , security is often a collateral duty , rather than a full-time job , and the individuals [given] frequently have limited technical expertise .

Case Example - Coordinating Policy Development and Awareness Activities After experiencing a significant virus infection in 1989 , a retailing company assigned one of its managers to step up efforts to promote employee awareness of information security risks and related organizational policies .
case example - coordinating policy development and awareness activities after experiencing a significant virus infection in 1989 , a retailing company [given] one of its managers to step up efforts to promote employee awareness of information security risks and related organizational policies .

Apart from information concerning the Vice President 's meetings , they also have not provided us with factual information concerning who the NEPDG staff , including non-White House staff who were assigned to the NEPDG from various government departments and agencies , met with and the purpose of those meetings .
apart from information concerning the vice president 's meetings , they also have not provided us with factual information concerning who the nepdg staff , including non-white house staff who were [given] to the nepdg from various government departments and agencies , met with and the purpose of those meetings .

Specifically , the NEPDG was financed with appropriated funds and staffed largely by government department and agency personnel assigned to it .
specifically , the nepdg was financed with appropriated funds and staffed largely by government department and agency personnel [given] to it .

The Secret Service has also assigned eight agents who have received specialized training in all areas of electronic crimes through its Electronic Crimes Special Agent Program .
the secret service has also [given] eight agents who have received specialized training in all areas of electronic crimes through its electronic crimes special agent program .

Employees Temporarily Assigned to Another Agency When an employee is on temporary assignment to another agency , the agency to which the employee is detailed must record T & A data for the employee in accordance with these requirements .
employees temporarily [given] to another agency when an employee is on temporary assignment to another agency , the agency to which the employee is detailed must record t & a data for the employee in accordance with these requirements .

AMS received more than 275,000 comments on the rule , which were assigned key words to facilitate subsequent analysis .
ams received more than 275,000 comments on the rule , which were [given] key words to facilitate subsequent analysis .

The final rule amends the FCC rules to allow providers of narrowband and broadband CMRS services to offer fixed wireless services ( excluding broadcast ) on their assigned spectrum on a coprimary basis with mobile services .
the final rule amends the fcc rules to allow providers of narrowband and broadband cmrs services to offer fixed wireless services ( excluding broadcast ) on their [given] spectrum on a coprimary basis with mobile services .

All personnel need to possess and maintain a level of competence that allows them to accomplish their assigned duties , as well as understand the importance of developing and implementing good internal control .
all personnel need to possess and maintain a level of competence that allows them to accomplish their [given] duties , as well as understand the importance of developing and implementing good internal control .

Access to resources and records should be limited to authorized individuals , and accountability for their custody and use should be assigned and maintained .
access to resources and records should be limited to authorized individuals , and accountability for their custody and use should be [given] and maintained .

OMB assigned control number 3060-0687 to the collection and approved several of the proposals while filing comment on one of the proposed requirements .
omb [given] control number 3060-0687 to the collection and approved several of the proposals while filing comment on one of the proposed requirements .

The acquisition project staff should be assigned clear roles and responsibilities .
the acquisition project staff should be [given] clear roles and responsibilities .

If the acquisition exceeds $ 25 million , the APR should also describe the project manager 's experience in previous acquisitions , responsibilities , and scope of authority , and the reporting structure for each official as well as whether each official is assigned full- or part-time to the acquisition .
if the acquisition exceeds $ 25 million , the apr should also describe the project manager 's experience in previous acquisitions , responsibilities , and scope of authority , and the reporting structure for each official as well as whether each official is [given] full- or part-time to the acquisition .

Personnel Stability Tracking the total number of people assigned to a system development effort compared to planned staffing levels provides another indicator of potential problems .
personnel stability tracking the total number of people [given] to a system development effort compared to planned staffing levels provides another indicator of potential problems .

When GAO needs access to classified , proprietary , or otherwise sensitive information , it will comply with all applicable statutory requirements , including obtaining the necessary security and other clearances for assigned GAO staff .
when gao needs access to classified , proprietary , or otherwise sensitive information , it will comply with all applicable statutory requirements , including obtaining the necessary security and other clearances for [given] gao staff .

However , he noted that these officers are often assigned to hardship locations that require difficult travel .
however , he noted that these officers are often [given] to hardship locations that require difficult travel .

On the PEMD AFDC study , for example , evaluators were assigned as site managers , responsible for understanding across themes all there was to know about the issues for their site .
on the pemd afdc study , for example , evaluators were [given] as site managers , responsible for understanding across themes all there was to know about the issues for their site .

They also were assigned to individual themes , such as health and employment , responsible concurrently for looking across all sites for information on their topic .
they also were [given] to individual themes , such as health and employment , responsible concurrently for looking across all sites for information on their topic .

Case studies do not compare individuals or groups to others randomly assigned to different treatments .
case studies do not compare individuals or groups to others randomly [given] to different treatments .

Commissioner Rossotti has assigned clear executive ownership of each of IRS ' major initiatives and is using executive steering committees to provide oversight and accountability for driving the change efforts .
commissioner rossotti has [given] clear executive ownership of each of irs ' major initiatives and is using executive steering committees to provide oversight and accountability for driving the change efforts .

They were both approved by OMB and assigned control numbers : control number 32350461 for the amendments to the Quote Rule and control number 3235-0462 for the Display Rule .
they were both approved by omb and [given] control numbers : control number 32350461 for the amendments to the quote rule and control number 3235-0462 for the display rule .

Because technology was becoming critical to future success in this business sector , top managers were increasingly assigned to support and manage the company « s internal information management functions .
because technology was becoming critical to future success in this business sector , top managers were increasingly [given] to support and manage the company « s internal information management functions .

Several of the managers assigned had both business and technology acumen and had the ability to raise business issues from a technical perspective in a nonthreatening manner .
several of the managers [given] had both business and technology acumen and had the ability to raise business issues from a technical perspective in a nonthreatening manner .

Evaluation weights assigned to RFP topics have been restructured to correspond with the modifications made to the RFP .
evaluation weights [given] to rfp topics have been restructured to correspond with the modifications made to the rfp .

H-2A employers control the amount of work assigned to their workers , their earnings , housing , food , transportation , access to telephone and postal services , future employment , and return transportation to their home country .
h-2a employers control the amount of work [given] to their workers , their earnings , housing , food , transportation , access to telephone and postal services , future employment , and return transportation to their home country .

With the hiring of new state planning team members as well as the additions of Matilde Lacayo and Monica Holman to OPP Main and Joyce Raby in Technology , there is now an OPP Main team member and a state planning team member assigned to every state and territory .
with the hiring of new state planning team members as well as the additions of matilde lacayo and monica holman to opp main and joyce raby in technology , there is now an opp main team member and a state planning team member [given] to every state and territory .

To calculate population exposure to PM , each 8 km by 8 km CAPMS grid cell was assigned to the nearest REMSAD grid cell by calculating the shortest distance between the center of the CAPMS grid cell to the center of a REMSAD grid cell .
to calculate population exposure to pm , each 8 km by 8 km capms grid cell was [given] to the nearest remsad grid cell by calculating the shortest distance between the center of the capms grid cell to the center of a remsad grid cell .

To calculate population exposure to ozone , each CAPMS grid cell was assigned a distance-weighted average of adjusted ozone levels from nearby ozone monitors .
to calculate population exposure to ozone , each capms grid cell was [given] a distance-weighted average of adjusted ozone levels from nearby ozone monitors .

Regardless of the theoretical economic considerations , distinctions in the monetary value assigned to the lives saved were not drawn , even if populations differed in age , health status , socioeconomic status , gender or other characteristics .
regardless of the theoretical economic considerations , distinctions in the monetary value [given] to the lives saved were not drawn , even if populations differed in age , health status , socioeconomic status , gender or other characteristics .

These include : 1 ) approving both changes in existing services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the Postal Service is not providing rates or services as required by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the Postal Service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently assigned task , providing Congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .
these include : 1 ) approving both changes in existing services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the postal service is not providing rates or services as required by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the postal service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently [given] task , providing congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .

Atta explained that Hanjour was assigned to attack the Pentagon , Jarrah the Capitol , and that both Atta and Shehhi would hit the World Trade Center .
atta explained that hanjour was [given] to attack the pentagon , jarrah the capitol , and that both atta and shehhi would hit the world trade center .

Atta told Binalshibh that each pilot had volunteered for his assigned target , and that the assignments were subject to change .
atta told binalshibh that each pilot had volunteered for his [given] target , and that the assignments were subject to change .

Binalshibh says KSM did not approve of Moussaoui but believes KSM did not remove him from the operation only because Moussaoui had been selected and assigned by Bin Ladin himself .
binalshibh says ksm did not approve of moussaoui but believes ksm did not remove him from the operation only because moussaoui had been selected and [given] by bin ladin himself .

Two days later , Ahmed al Ghamdi and Abdul Aziz al Omari , who had been living in New Jersey with Hazmi and Hanjour , flew to Miami-probably signifying that the four hijacking teams had finally been assigned .
two days later , ahmed al ghamdi and abdul aziz al omari , who had been living in new jersey with hazmi and hanjour , flew to miami-probably signifying that the four hijacking teams had finally been [given] .

The NYPD precincts were divided into 35 different radio zones , with a central radio dispatcher assigned to each .
the nypd precincts were divided into 35 different radio zones , with a central radio dispatcher [given] to each .

Some officers were then assigned to assist in stairwell evacuations ; others were assigned to expedite evacuation in the plaza , concourse , and PATH station .
some officers were then [given] to assist in stairwell evacuations ; others were [given] to expedite evacuation in the plaza , concourse , and path station .

Fourth , some firefighters in the NorthTower had been dispatched to the South Tower and likely were on the different tactical channel assigned to that tower .
fourth , some firefighters in the northtower had been dispatched to the south tower and likely were on the different tactical channel [given] to that tower .

The task of accounting for and coordinating the units was rendered difficult , if not impossible , by internal communications breakdowns resulting from the limited capabilities of radios in the high-rise environment of the WTC and from confusion over which personnel were assigned to which frequency .
the task of accounting for and coordinating the units was rendered difficult , if not impossible , by internal communications breakdowns resulting from the limited capabilities of radios in the high-rise environment of the wtc and from confusion over which personnel were [given] to which frequency .

After being assigned to a mission in the U.S. , he secretly reentered the Kingdom but failed in an attempt to have his name removed from the list of prohibited travelers so that he could obtain a U.S. visa .
after being [given] to a mission in the u.s. , he secretly reentered the kingdom but failed in an attempt to have his name removed from the list of prohibited travelers so that he could obtain a u.s. visa .

Injured during a further training session , Hamlan was assigned to guard the airport , where he met future hijacker Ahmed al Nami ( whose recent laser eye surgery had interrupted his training ) .
injured during a further training session , hamlan was [given] to guard the airport , where he met future hijacker ahmed al nami ( whose recent laser eye surgery had interrupted his training ) .

KSM claims to have assigned the Pentagon specifically to Hanjour , the operation 's most experienced pilot .
ksm claims to have [given] the pentagon specifically to hanjour , the operation 's most experienced pilot .

Jane told investigators that she viewed this matter as just another lead and so assigned no particular urgency to the matter .
jane told investigators that she viewed this matter as just another lead and so [given] no particular urgency to the matter .

For officers assigned to rescue , see Port Authority transcripts of recorded Port Authority calls and radio channels , Sept. 11 , 2001 , vol .
for officers [given] to rescue , see port authority transcripts of recorded port authority calls and radio channels , sept. 11 , 2001 , vol .

Conventional weapons and bomb threats were assigned to the NYPD , while chemical , biological , and nuclear attacks designated `` NYPD or FDNY '' as the Incident Commander .
conventional weapons and bomb threats were [given] to the nypd , while chemical , biological , and nuclear attacks designated `` nypd or fdny '' as the incident commander .

The DCI 's Counterterrorist Center would become a CIA unit , to handle the direction and execution of tasks assigned to the CIA .
the dci 's counterterrorist center would become a cia unit , to handle the direction and execution of tasks [given] to the cia .

The Washington Field Office was originally assigned the East Africa bombings case because it generally has responsibility for investigating crimes overseas .
the washington field office was originally [given] the east africa bombings case because it generally has responsibility for investigating crimes overseas .

After the war , foreign intelligence duties were assigned to the newly established Central Intelligence Agency .
after the war , foreign intelligence duties were [given] to the newly established central intelligence agency .

The INS assigned an individual in a new `` lookout '' unit to work with the State Department in watchlisting suspected terrorists and with the intelligence community and the FBI in determining how to deal with them when they appeared at ports of entry .
the ins [given] an individual in a new `` lookout '' unit to work with the state department in watchlisting suspected terrorists and with the intelligence community and the fbi in determining how to deal with them when they appeared at ports of entry .

Lobbying by the FBI , combined with fears of creating a U.S. Gestapo , led to the FBI 's being assigned responsibility for internal security functions and counterespionage .
lobbying by the fbi , combined with fears of creating a u.s. gestapo , led to the fbi 's being [given] responsibility for internal security functions and counterespionage .

Though analysts assigned to the Center produced a large number of papers , the focus was support to operations .
though analysts [given] to the center produced a large number of papers , the focus was support to operations .

The directive called terrorism both a matter of national security and a crime , and it assigned responsibilities to various agencies .
the directive called terrorism both a matter of national security and a crime , and it [given] responsibilities to various agencies .

Spotlighting new concerns about unconventional attacks , these directives assigned tasks to lead agencies but did not differentiate types of terrorist threats .
spotlighting new concerns about unconventional attacks , these directives [given] tasks to lead agencies but did not differentiate types of terrorist threats .

Analysts assigned to the station looked at the information it had gathered and `` found connections everywhere , '' including links to the attacks on U.S. troops in Aden and Somalia in 1992 and 1993 and to the Manila air plot in the Philippines in 1994-1995 .
analysts [given] to the station looked at the information it had gathered and `` found connections everywhere , '' including links to the attacks on u.s. troops in aden and somalia in 1992 and 1993 and to the manila air plot in the philippines in 1994-1995 .

The search was assigned to one FBI agent , and it was his very first counterterrorism lead .
the search was [given] to one fbi agent , and it was his very first counterterrorism lead .

Primary responsibility for terrorism analysis has been assigned to the Terrorist Threat Integration Center ( TTIC ) , created in 2003 , based at the CIA headquarters but staffed with representatives of many agencies , reporting directly to the Director of Central Intelligence .
primary responsibility for terrorism analysis has been [given] to the terrorist threat integration center ( ttic ) , created in 2003 , based at the cia headquarters but staffed with representatives of many agencies , reporting directly to the director of central intelligence .

The head of the NCTC should have authority to evaluate the performance of the people assigned to the Center .
the head of the nctc should have authority to evaluate the performance of the people [given] to the center .

Informed by this analysis , the NCTC would then organize and plan the management of the case , drawing on the talents and differing kinds of experience among the several agency representatives assigned to it-assigning tasks to the CIA overseas , to Homeland Security watching entry points into the United States , and to the FBI .
informed by this analysis , the nctc would then organize and plan the management of the case , drawing on the talents and differing kinds of experience among the several agency representatives [given] to it-assigning tasks to the cia overseas , to homeland security watching entry points into the united states , and to the fbi .

In the international context , NATO commanders may get line authority over forces assigned by other nations .
in the international context , nato commanders may get line authority over forces [given] by other nations .

The CIA should retain responsibility for the direction and execution of clandestine and covert operations , as assigned by the relevant national intelligence center and authorized by the National Intelligence Director and the president .
the cia should retain responsibility for the direction and execution of clandestine and covert operations , as [given] by the relevant national intelligence center and authorized by the national intelligence director and the president .

Congress should pass a separate appropriations act for intelligence , defending the broad allocation of how these tens of billions of dollars have been assigned among the varieties of intelligence work .
congress should pass a separate appropriations act for intelligence , defending the broad allocation of how these tens of billions of dollars have been [given] among the varieties of intelligence work .

Some call this a proposal for an `` American MI- 5 , '' although the analogy is weak-the actual British Security Service is a relatively small worldwide agency that combines duties assigned in the U.S. government to the Terrorist Threat Integration Center , the CIA , the FBI , and the Department of Homeland Security .
some call this a proposal for an `` american mi- 5 , '' although the analogy is weak-the actual british security service is a relatively small worldwide agency that combines duties [given] in the u.s. government to the terrorist threat integration center , the cia , the fbi , and the department of homeland security .

The directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from Homeland Security 's own component agencies , such as the Coast Guard , Secret Service , Transportation Security Administration , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and Customs and Border Protection .
the directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its [given] jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from homeland security 's own component agencies , such as the coast guard , secret service , transportation security administration , immigration and customs enforcement , and customs and border protection .

Customs officers assigned to the port , noticing Ressam 's nervousness , referred him to secondary inspection .
customs officers [given] to the port , noticing ressam 's nervousness , referred him to secondary inspection .

Although the CIA 's Bin Ladin unit had originally been inspired by the idea of studying terrorist financial links , few personnel assigned to it had any experience in financial investigations .
although the cia 's bin ladin unit had originally been inspired by the idea of studying terrorist financial links , few personnel [given] to it had any experience in financial investigations .

By the evening of August 6 , all but the delivery teams and one or two persons assigned to remove the evidence trail had left East Africa .
by the evening of august 6 , all but the delivery teams and one or two persons [given] to remove the evidence trail had left east africa .

By the time Hazmi and Mihdhar were assigned to the planes operation in early 1999 , they had visited Afghanistan on several occasions .
by the time hazmi and mihdhar were [given] to the planes operation in early 1999 , they had visited afghanistan on several occasions .

By late May 2000 , two operatives assigned to the planes operation were already in the United States .
by late may 2000 , two operatives [given] to the planes operation were already in the united states .

This management should have ensured that information was shared and duties were clearly assigned across agencies , and across the foreign-domestic divide .
this management should have ensured that information was shared and duties were clearly [given] across agencies , and across the foreign-domestic divide .

Nashiri has confirmed that Khallad had been assigned to help procure explosives for the ship-bombing plot , and that his arrest caused work on the operation to stop temporarily .
nashiri has confirmed that khallad had been [given] to help procure explosives for the ship-bombing plot , and that his arrest caused work on the operation to stop temporarily .

However , she also recalled that the men had the same last name and had assigned seats on row 9 ( i.e. , the Ghamdis ) , and that account has been adopted here .
however , she also recalled that the men had the same last name and had [given] seats on row 9 ( i.e. , the ghamdis ) , and that account has been adopted here .

Jeffrey Collman would have been assigned to work in coach , but to assist in first class if needed .
jeffrey collman would have been [given] to work in coach , but to assist in first class if needed .

Times assigned to audio transmissions were derived by the Commission from files provided by the FAA and the Northeast Air Defense Sector ( NEADS ) based on audio time stamps contained within the files provided by the sender .
times [given] to audio transmissions were derived by the commission from files provided by the faa and the northeast air defense sector ( neads ) based on audio time stamps contained within the files provided by the sender .

Though the senior agent told someone to convey this information to the Secret Service 's operations center , it either was not passed on or was passed on but not disseminated ; it failed to reach agents assigned to the Vice President , and the Vice President was not evacuated at that time .
though the senior agent told someone to convey this information to the secret service 's operations center , it either was not passed on or was passed on but not disseminated ; it failed to reach agents [given] to the vice president , and the vice president was not evacuated at that time .

Hani Hanjour , assigned to seat 1B ( first class ) , soon followed .
hani hanjour , [given] to seat 1b ( first class ) , soon followed .

Just before 8:14 , it had climbed to 26,000 feet , not quite its initial assigned cruising altitude of 29,000 feet .
just before 8:14 , it had climbed to 26,000 feet , not quite its initial [given] cruising altitude of 29,000 feet .

By 8:33 , it had reached its assigned cruising altitude of 31,000 feet .
by 8:33 , it had reached its [given] cruising altitude of 31,000 feet .

At 8:51 , the flight deviated from its assigned altitude , and a minute later New York air traffic controllers began repeatedly and unsuccessfully trying to contact it .
at 8:51 , the flight deviated from its [given] altitude , and a minute later new york air traffic controllers began repeatedly and unsuccessfully trying to contact it .

At 8:46 , the flight reached its assigned cruising altitude of 35,000 feet .
at 8:46 , the flight reached its [given] cruising altitude of 35,000 feet .

At 8:54 , the aircraft deviated from its assigned course , turning south .
at 8:54 , the aircraft deviated from its [given] course , turning south .

All the hijackers had assigned seats in first class , and they seem to have used them .
all the hijackers had [given] seats in first class , and they seem to have used them .

He alerted his supervisor , who assigned another controller to assist him .
he alerted his supervisor , who [given] another controller to assist him .

These changes were not noticed for several minutes , however , because the same New York Center controller was assigned to both American 11 and United 175 .
these changes were not noticed for several minutes , however , because the same new york center controller was [given] to both american 11 and united 175 .

For example , using a magnetic pulse delivered outside the skull , it is now possible to induce a reversible lesion at the time of a particular computation to determine whether the specific computation assigned to a given area is truly needed to carry out the task .
for example , using a magnetic pulse delivered outside the skull , it is now possible to induce a reversible lesion at the time of a particular computation to determine whether the specific computation [given] to a given area is truly needed to carry out the task .

Bela told the story that he was assigned the problem of testing these number generators ; he decided to use the best pattern recognizer that he knew of—the human visual system .
bela told the story that he was [given] the problem of testing these number generators ; he decided to use the best pattern recognizer that he knew of—the human visual system .

In epidemiological studies , people can not be randomly assigned to different levels of education , or to different kinds and levels of participation in leisure activities .
in epidemiological studies , people can not be randomly [given] to different levels of education , or to different kinds and levels of participation in leisure activities .

Participants were assigned to receive training in one of three cognitive skills : memory , reasoning , or speed of processing .
participants were [given] to receive training in one of three cognitive skills : memory , reasoning , or speed of processing .

They randomly assigned the 372 volunteers to receive either two doses of the DNA ME-TRAP vaccine followed by a single dose of MVA ME-TRAP , or three doses of rabies vaccine .
they randomly [given] the 372 volunteers to receive either two doses of the dna me-trap vaccine followed by a single dose of mva me-trap , or three doses of rabies vaccine .

Statistical Analysis The primary analysis was an intent-to-treat analysis in which dropouts were assigned a week 0 rebound time ( e.g. , maximum failure to delay rebound ) .
statistical analysis the primary analysis was an intent-to-treat analysis in which dropouts were [given] a week 0 rebound time ( e.g. , maximum failure to delay rebound ) .

They , too , have no assigned function .
they , too , have no [given] function .

These genes are ones for which a function has been assigned , but for which there is a good reason to believe the annotation is incorrect .
these genes are ones for which a function has been [given] , but for which there is a good reason to believe the annotation is incorrect .

UKPMC will be able to accept manuscripts in any format , including Microsoft Word , and it will be the responsibility of UKPMC to convert the files it receives into extensible markup language ( XML ) to enable the appropriate document type definition ( DTD ) to be assigned .
ukpmc will be able to accept manuscripts in any format , including microsoft word , and it will be the responsibility of ukpmc to convert the files it receives into extensible markup language ( xml ) to enable the appropriate document type definition ( dtd ) to be [given] .

In order to compare REs of various CTL lines , each clone was assigned an RE score expressed as the negative log 10 value of the peptide concentration required for 40 % specific lysis at an E : T ratio of 10:1 .
in order to compare res of various ctl lines , each clone was [given] an re score expressed as the negative log 10 value of the peptide concentration required for 40 % specific lysis at an e : t ratio of 10:1 .

The way that value is assigned to outcomes to determine success or failure is not discussed .
the way that value is [given] to outcomes to determine success or failure is not discussed .

Children would be followed , when indicated , to ensure that an excess of neurobehavioral problems or other relevant outcomes did not develop among those whose homes were assigned to receive the pesticide application .
children would be followed , when indicated , to ensure that an excess of neurobehavioral problems or other relevant outcomes did not develop among those whose homes were [given] to receive the pesticide application .

Standard encounter forms were completed for a systematic random sample of patient visits during randomly assigned reporting periods .
standard encounter forms were completed for a systematic random sample of patient visits during randomly [given] reporting periods .

To simulate potential animal-to-animal variation in susceptibility to infection , we relaxed this assumption and assigned individual infection probabilities to each animal .
to simulate potential animal-to-animal variation in susceptibility to infection , we relaxed this assumption and [given] individual infection probabilities to each animal .

Impact of Animal-to-Animal Variation in Susceptibility To study how potential heterogeneity in susceptibility affected the power of low-dose challenge trials , we simulated experiments in which each animal was assigned an individual infection probability ( see Methods ) .
impact of animal-to-animal variation in susceptibility to study how potential heterogeneity in susceptibility affected the power of low-dose challenge trials , we simulated experiments in which each animal was [given] an individual infection probability ( see methods ) .

Housing , food , and car expenses , especially for students traveling some distance to their assigned clinical sites , are also costly items .
housing , food , and car expenses , especially for students traveling some distance to their [given] clinical sites , are also costly items .

When he was assigned his first tutor , Joe was reading below the first grade level .
when he was [given] his first tutor , joe was reading below the first grade level .

In every home a ceremonial doctor ( mondo-mogo wa mambura ) is assigned by the traditional council ( njama ya kirera ) to protect the initiates against any possible attacks from witchcraft and also against any temptation or enticement to indulge in sexual intercourse .
in every home a ceremonial doctor ( mondo-mogo wa mambura ) is [given] by the traditional council ( njama ya kirera ) to protect the initiates against any possible attacks from witchcraft and also against any temptation or enticement to indulge in sexual intercourse .

Although Mike Stern was assigned to work out the details of how the EITC would be computed , he insists the idea really was Sen. Long 's .
although mike stern was [given] to work out the details of how the eitc would be computed , he insists the idea really was sen. long 's .

Kevin Dunne ( Gary Sinise ) , assigned to protect the visiting Secretary of Defense ( Joel Fabiani ) .
kevin dunne ( gary sinise ) , [given] to protect the visiting secretary of defense ( joel fabiani ) .

To this category can be assigned the new Armageddon , a blow-you-out-of-your-seat blockbuster that 's sure to make you laugh , cry , thump your chest like an ape , and call your broker to buy shares of Disney stock .
to this category can be [given] the new armageddon , a blow-you-out-of-your-seat blockbuster that 's sure to make you laugh , cry , thump your chest like an ape , and call your broker to buy shares of disney stock .

Perhaps that story should be assigned to a writer in the L.A. Times ' business section .
perhaps that story should be [given] to a writer in the l.a. times ' business section .

The NYT , which has assigned the story to the rewrite desk for the last two days , runs an Associated Press story inside today .
the nyt , which has [given] the story to the rewrite desk for the last two days , runs an associated press story inside today .

Idealism sweet as ether boils off the pages of the book that we 've been assigned to read and discuss this week , Jay Rosen 's history of and argument for `` public journalism , '' What Are Journalists For ?
idealism sweet as ether boils off the pages of the book that we 've been [given] to read and discuss this week , jay rosen 's history of and argument for `` public journalism , '' what are journalists for ?

Salinas had been held in harsh confinement without conviction for years , and the prosecutor previously assigned to the case had tried to plant a corpse on Salinas ' property to frame him .
salinas had been held in harsh confinement without conviction for years , and the prosecutor previously [given] to the case had tried to plant a corpse on salinas ' property to frame him .

Despite U.S. State Department intervention , Serbia denied visas to a delegation assigned by Human Rights Watch to investigate the suppression of academic freedom in that country .
despite u.s. state department intervention , serbia denied visas to a delegation [given] by human rights watch to investigate the suppression of academic freedom in that country .

The Washington Times could hardly contain its excitement : `` A former FBI agent assigned to the White House describes in a new book how President Clinton slips past his Secret Service detail in the dead of night , hides under a blanket in the back of a dark-colored sedan , and trysts with a woman , possibly a celebrity , at the JW Marriott Hotel in downtown Washington . ''
the washington times could hardly contain its excitement : `` a former fbi agent [given] to the white house describes in a new book how president clinton slips past his secret service detail in the dead of night , hides under a blanket in the back of a dark-colored sedan , and trysts with a woman , possibly a celebrity , at the jw marriott hotel in downtown washington . ''

The girlfriend is assigned the cabin next to the president 's lodge .
the girlfriend is [given] the cabin next to the president 's lodge .

Officials assigned to deal with the press were arrogant and hostile .
officials [given] to deal with the press were arrogant and hostile .

Choosing my copy from a miniwall of identical pink paperbacks , I figured I should probably abandon my fallback theory too , which is that the only people who take the Rules seriously are journalists assigned to write about them .
choosing my copy from a miniwall of identical pink paperbacks , i figured i should probably abandon my fallback theory too , which is that the only people who take the rules seriously are journalists [given] to write about them .

Critics skewer this psychodrama starring Anthony Hopkins as a primatologist who clubs two park rangers to death while living in the wild with a band of gorillas , and Cuba Gooding Jr. as the hotshot psychologist assigned to draw out his story .
critics skewer this psychodrama starring anthony hopkins as a primatologist who clubs two park rangers to death while living in the wild with a band of gorillas , and cuba gooding jr. as the hotshot psychologist [given] to draw out his story .

The New York Times wondered if she was `` too young , too immature , too emotional and , yes , too female for the job she was assigned . ''
the new york times wondered if she was `` too young , too immature , too emotional and , yes , too female for the job she was [given] . ''

The beers were ranked on `` corrected average preference points '' -- an average of the zero-to-100 points assigned by each taster , corrected , just like ice skating scores , by throwing out the highest and lowest score each beer received .
the beers were ranked on `` corrected average preference points '' -- an average of the zero-to-100 points [given] by each taster , corrected , just like ice skating scores , by throwing out the highest and lowest score each beer received .

The New York Times Book Review assigned Jeffrey Record to review the book , which seems an odd choice considering that Record just published a book titled The Wrong War : Why We Lost in Vietnam .
the new york times book review [given] jeffrey record to review the book , which seems an odd choice considering that record just published a book titled the wrong war : why we lost in vietnam .

These will be assigned on a first come , first served basis .
these will be [given] on a first come , first served basis .

Everyone else will be assigned to one of 30 tent sites -- unless of course you 'd like to join Bob and Kathy and sleep out under the stars !
everyone else will be [given] to one of 30 tent sites -- unless of course you 'd like to join bob and kathy and sleep out under the stars !

Meanwhile their simpler brethren , assigned specific and narrow tasks ( look for Internet-aware watches , biomedical monitors , and security devices ) , will occupy the price niche of clock radios and bread makers .
meanwhile their simpler brethren , [given] specific and narrow tasks ( look for internet-aware watches , biomedical monitors , and security devices ) , will occupy the price niche of clock radios and bread makers .

He was the man with the nerve to invent the tale in which all the characters -- the engineers , the VCs , the managers , the bankers -- agreed to play the role he assigned to them . ''
he was the man with the nerve to invent the tale in which all the characters -- the engineers , the vcs , the managers , the bankers -- agreed to play the role he [given] to them . ''

Gryffindor is where the series ' hero , Harry , is assigned , and Slytherin is where its murderous villain , Lord Voldemort , was assigned when he was a boy ( it now houses Harry 's obnoxious rival , Draco Malfoy , and Malfoy 's half-wit sidekicks , Crabbe and Goyle ) .
gryffindor is where the series ' hero , harry , is [given] , and slytherin is where its murderous villain , lord voldemort , was [given] when he was a boy ( it now houses harry 's obnoxious rival , draco malfoy , and malfoy 's half-wit sidekicks , crabbe and goyle ) .

When Clark offers a job at Netscape to Alex Slusky , the young venture capitalist assigned to sleep under his bed , Slusky declines , saying , `` He was just too volatile for me .
when clark offers a job at netscape to alex slusky , the young venture capitalist [given] to sleep under his bed , slusky declines , saying , `` he was just too volatile for me .

I suppose that keeping up with Alan Sinai 's daily predictions of Dow movements does give one some authority on this matter ; but , it still seems to me , musings on this subject ( like those on solid-state physics , for example ) should , if they are going to be published , be assigned to individuals who have had more than a little training in the matter .
i suppose that keeping up with alan sinai 's daily predictions of dow movements does give one some authority on this matter ; but , it still seems to me , musings on this subject ( like those on solid-state physics , for example ) should , if they are going to be published , be [given] to individuals who have had more than a little training in the matter .

As I slavishly grind away at the keyboard coding my assigned arcana , I often observe my neuronic ( or is it neurotic ? )
as i slavishly grind away at the keyboard coding my [given] arcana , i often observe my neuronic ( or is it neurotic ? )

Herbert Gutman 's The Black Family in Slavery and Freedom 1750-1925 ( 1976 ) showed that slave families , while often broken up when members were sold or assigned to different plantations , were remarkably monogamous and stable .
herbert gutman 's the black family in slavery and freedom 1750-1925 ( 1976 ) showed that slave families , while often broken up when members were sold or [given] to different plantations , were remarkably monogamous and stable .

Assigned by a fair-minded black principal with two doctorates !
[given] by a fair-minded black principal with two doctorates !

Borrowing its framework from Citizen Kane , the movie follows a reporter ( Christian Bale ) assigned to reconstruct Slade 's life and solve the mystery of his whereabouts .
borrowing its framework from citizen kane , the movie follows a reporter ( christian bale ) [given] to reconstruct slade 's life and solve the mystery of his whereabouts .

An essay distinguishes between class and status : Class is Old World , assigned and never changing .
an essay distinguishes between class and status : class is old world , [given] and never changing .

Christian Coalition head Pat Robertson described himself in résumés and a published autobiography as a Marine officer assigned to combat duty during the Korean War .
christian coalition head pat robertson described himself in résumés and a published autobiography as a marine officer [given] to combat duty during the korean war .

SAT administrators noted that grades assigned by teachers are being inflated relative to SAT scores .
sat administrators noted that grades [given] by teachers are being inflated relative to sat scores .

To commemorate Robinson 's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago , no player will ever again be assigned the number 42 .
to commemorate robinson 's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago , no player will ever again be [given] the number 42 .

To commemorate Robinson 's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago , no player will ever again be assigned the number 42 .
to commemorate robinson 's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago , no player will ever again be [given] the number 42 .

Kids are now routinely assigned classwork on the horrors of smoking .
kids are now routinely [given] classwork on the horrors of smoking .

When told that Slate had assigned a couple of chapters to its readers , he roared : `` It sounds like homework !
when told that slate had [given] a couple of chapters to its readers , he roared : `` it sounds like homework !

Counters the op-ed , nearly all these soldiers reach 18 before being assigned to combat positions .
counters the op-ed , nearly all these soldiers reach 18 before being [given] to combat positions .

Would n't you love to be a fly on the wall when these pieces get assigned ?
would n't you love to be a fly on the wall when these pieces get [given] ?

The Post says that Clinton himself says he feels the picture was an invasion of his privacy and also reports that the Agence-France Presse official ( a former Bush staffer ) who assigned the photographers says that if the president did n't want them there , `` the Secret Service could have made it happen . ''
the post says that clinton himself says he feels the picture was an invasion of his privacy and also reports that the agence-france presse official ( a former bush staffer ) who [given] the photographers says that if the president did n't want them there , `` the secret service could have made it happen . ''

Often , she says , the resulting reforms have been cosmetic -- a token low-level bureaucrat assigned to `` hear '' problems , with no forum to do anything about them .
often , she says , the resulting reforms have been cosmetic -- a token low-level bureaucrat [given] to `` hear '' problems , with no forum to do anything about them .

Du Bois ' racial philosophy emerged in his essay on `` the talented tenth , '' assigned the task of lifting up the rest .
du bois ' racial philosophy emerged in his essay on `` the talented tenth , '' [given] the task of lifting up the rest .

Watching young Cubists bring the techniques of painting to the forefront , she assigned herself to write `` portraits '' of her friends that did the same thing for literature .
watching young cubists bring the techniques of painting to the forefront , she [given] herself to write `` portraits '' of her friends that did the same thing for literature .

Each frequency assigned to a noncommercial owner meant one less competitor selling advertising .
each frequency [given] to a noncommercial owner meant one less competitor selling advertising .

In a front-page report on her `` behind-the-scenes influence , '' the Post cites sources who say `` Wolf 's tentacles stretch far beyond '' the project to which Gore assigned her .
in a front-page report on her `` behind-the-scenes influence , '' the post cites sources who say `` wolf 's tentacles stretch far beyond '' the project to which gore [given] her .

Schools that are looking for places to save money are tossing most LD-diagnosed kids into regular classes , where they are not assigned the rote drills they need if they are to learn how to read .
schools that are looking for places to save money are tossing most ld-diagnosed kids into regular classes , where they are not [given] the rote drills they need if they are to learn how to read .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the news that the INS announced that none of a new batch of Border Patrol agents is being assigned to San Diego -- because the agency feels that illegal immigration there has `` reached a level of control . ''
the los angeles times leads with the news that the ins announced that none of a new batch of border patrol agents is being [given] to san diego -- because the agency feels that illegal immigration there has `` reached a level of control . ''

The findings by retired admiral David Jeremiah and his team : the intelligence community so ignored the new Indian government 's statements on nuclear policy that only one U.S. analyst was assigned to examine satellite photos of India 's test site .
the findings by retired admiral david jeremiah and his team : the intelligence community so ignored the new indian government 's statements on nuclear policy that only one u.s. analyst was [given] to examine satellite photos of india 's test site .

Let me quote from the textbook ( by William Baumol and Alan Blinder ) that I assigned when I taught Economics 1 last year : `` When a firm pollutes a river , it uses some of society 's resources just as surely as when it burns coal .
let me quote from the textbook ( by william baumol and alan blinder ) that i [given] when i taught economics 1 last year : `` when a firm pollutes a river , it uses some of society 's resources just as surely as when it burns coal .

Assigned to : Richard Kahlenberg -- you 've probably written this already !
[given] to : richard kahlenberg -- you 've probably written this already !

True to my old profession , as I write this I 'm crashing to meet the deadline I was assigned by editor Michael Kinsley .
true to my old profession , as i write this i 'm crashing to meet the deadline i was [given] by editor michael kinsley .

Whereas the LAT and the NYT address the provisions of the bill in terms of the dollar amount assigned to them , the WP tends to foreground the legislators who backed or opposed particular provisions .
whereas the lat and the nyt address the provisions of the bill in terms of the dollar amount [given] to them , the wp tends to foreground the legislators who backed or opposed particular provisions .

The story , by Richard Serrano , quotes Alan Leo , a photographer assigned to the engineering unit to which Gore was also attached .
the story , by richard serrano , quotes alan leo , a photographer [given] to the engineering unit to which gore was also attached .

Often he went not with Leo but with other writers and photographers assigned to the brigade .
often he went not with leo but with other writers and photographers [given] to the brigade .

He , too , `` began to play the part assigned to me , '' he writes in Witness .
he , too , `` began to play the part [given] to me , '' he writes in witness .

Feminists today -- or at least , feminists within the small circle of women assigned to write about women for the elite media , many of them a decade or two younger than Bloom and Farrow -- are more upbeat than they used to be , but also more arrogant and hardhearted .
feminists today -- or at least , feminists within the small circle of women [given] to write about women for the elite media , many of them a decade or two younger than bloom and farrow -- are more upbeat than they used to be , but also more arrogant and hardhearted .

In fact , they were assigned to these groups at random .
in fact , they were [given] to these groups at random .

Except that the executive who was assigned the difficult task of dealing with the Shopping Avenger , one Jennifer Nemeth , did a provisionally satisfactory job of making the Shopping Avenger happy .
except that the executive who was [given] the difficult task of dealing with the shopping avenger , one jennifer nemeth , did a provisionally satisfactory job of making the shopping avenger happy .

No wonder George , the New York Times Magazine , Rolling Stone , and Harper 's failed to snoot out the stink factor and assigned pieces to him .
no wonder george , the new york times magazine , rolling stone , and harper 's failed to snoot out the stink factor and [given] pieces to him .

Similarly , Bradley refuses to defend the mildly libertarian position Gore has assigned him on health care .
similarly , bradley refuses to defend the mildly libertarian position gore has [given] him on health care .

Having been assigned the role of the Amateur Politician , Rubin seems pure next to the sleazy pros .
having been [given] the role of the amateur politician , rubin seems pure next to the sleazy pros .

Most men stayed away , and those who enrolled were assigned to a special section .
most men stayed away , and those who enrolled were [given] to a special section .

Given the irresponsibility you describe , not to mention the sleep disturbance , prudence ( the virtue , not yours truly ) demands that you either rustle up another roomie -- preferably a young woman who is planning to become a nun -- or take your chances being assigned a stranger .
given the irresponsibility you describe , not to mention the sleep disturbance , prudence ( the virtue , not yours truly ) demands that you either rustle up another roomie -- preferably a young woman who is planning to become a nun -- or take your chances being [given] a stranger .

If you go through a buffet line and the waiter seats you ; gives you a drink , even if water ; and one waiter is assigned to you , you should give a tip .
if you go through a buffet line and the waiter seats you ; gives you a drink , even if water ; and one waiter is [given] to you , you should give a tip .

It did n't occur to them , unfortunately , to have this new division protect the president , and that very night Lincoln was assassinated when the Washington , D.C. , policeman assigned to guard him wandered out of Ford 's Theater to a tavern down the street .
it did n't occur to them , unfortunately , to have this new division protect the president , and that very night lincoln was assassinated when the washington , d.c. , policeman [given] to guard him wandered out of ford 's theater to a tavern down the street .

Other newly recruited agents were assigned to infiltrate Arab governments .
other newly recruited agents were [given] to infiltrate arab governments .

We have assigned a junior staff member to lurk near the Gates family mailbox and , when no one is looking , to go through the contents and Magic Marker out all references to the fact that Slate is owned by Microsoft .
we have [given] a junior staff member to lurk near the gates family mailbox and , when no one is looking , to go through the contents and magic marker out all references to the fact that slate is owned by microsoft .

They were even assigned special Republican National Committee staff members to help with their problems in Washington .
they were even [given] special republican national committee staff members to help with their problems in washington .

A Times `` Week in Review '' piece points out that another factor is that under current arrangements , many numbers assigned to `` saturated '' area codes go unused .
a times `` week in review '' piece points out that another factor is that under current arrangements , many numbers [given] to `` saturated '' area codes go unused .

One explanation is that so many column-inches and so many reporters are instead assigned to `` hot '' stories regardless of their real import .
one explanation is that so many column-inches and so many reporters are instead [given] to `` hot '' stories regardless of their real import .

The literary marketplace has assigned a huge premium to true-life tales of Salinger and Thomas Pynchon , two great American writers who quit the publicity mainstream decades ago .
the literary marketplace has [given] a huge premium to true-life tales of salinger and thomas pynchon , two great american writers who quit the publicity mainstream decades ago .

Ultimately , the W3C plan , developed by the international World Wide Web Consortium , will provide standard ratings , to be assigned to each page by its developer .
ultimately , the w3c plan , developed by the international world wide web consortium , will provide standard ratings , to be [given] to each page by its developer .

A big story that broke in yesterday 's WP and Boston Globe was inadvertently omitted from yesterday 's TP ( without getting too specific , let 's just say it had something to do with either a faulty T1 line/browser interface or too much wine with dinner ) : namely that UN weapons inspectors in Iraq had in fact been doing something that Saddam Hussein had long accused them of -- providing the U.S. government with intelligence information not related to their assigned task .
a big story that broke in yesterday 's wp and boston globe was inadvertently omitted from yesterday 's tp ( without getting too specific , let 's just say it had something to do with either a faulty t1 line/browser interface or too much wine with dinner ) : namely that un weapons inspectors in iraq had in fact been doing something that saddam hussein had long accused them of -- providing the u.s. government with intelligence information not related to their [given] task .

The story features an anecdote purporting to show how Rehnquist punctures posturing lawyers , in which the pin cushion part is assigned to Kenneth Starr .
the story features an anecdote purporting to show how rehnquist punctures posturing lawyers , in which the pin cushion part is [given] to kenneth starr .

Defending himself against charges of betraying his race , Thomas said , `` I refuse to have my ideas assigned to me because I am black . ''
defending himself against charges of betraying his race , thomas said , `` i refuse to have my ideas [given] to me because i am black . ''

The WSJ reports that when the soon-to-be-released `` Small Soldiers '' got assigned a stiffer-than-expected PG-13 rating two months ago , Burger King was left with a marketing tie-in promotion of action figure toys designed for kids who would n't be seeing the movie .
the wsj reports that when the soon-to-be-released `` small soldiers '' got [given] a stiffer-than-expected pg-13 rating two months ago , burger king was left with a marketing tie-in promotion of action figure toys designed for kids who would n't be seeing the movie .

Yiddish is especially versatile in describing those poor souls who inhabit the world of the ineffectual , and each is assigned a distinct place in the gallery of pathetic types : schmo , schmendrik , schnook , schmegegge , schlep , schlub , schmuck , putz , klutz , kvetch , and nudnik .
yiddish is especially versatile in describing those poor souls who inhabit the world of the ineffectual , and each is [given] a distinct place in the gallery of pathetic types : schmo , schmendrik , schnook , schmegegge , schlep , schlub , schmuck , putz , klutz , kvetch , and nudnik .

Men are seldom assigned to review them , possibly because the editor fears that they will be either ignorant of or unsympathetic to the issues raised , if not biased against them , or because the editor is a woman .
men are seldom [given] to review them , possibly because the editor fears that they will be either ignorant of or unsympathetic to the issues raised , if not biased against them , or because the editor is a woman .

After our scholars have completed their study of descriptive English grammar , they are frequently assigned the writing of a “ supersentence ” -- a single sentence that includes one example of each of the four phrases and three subordinate clauses that are indentified in English grammar .
after our scholars have completed their study of descriptive english grammar , they are frequently [given] the writing of a “ supersentence ” -- a single sentence that includes one example of each of the four phrases and three subordinate clauses that are indentified in english grammar .

I had a Mrs. Ban assigned to me as a translator ; she spoke exquisite French and fluent -- if somewhat stilted -- English .
i had a mrs. ban [given] to me as a translator ; she spoke exquisite french and fluent -- if somewhat stilted -- english .

Later , vagina was borrowed into English and assigned its present meaning from the similarity of the functions .
later , vagina was borrowed into english and [given] its present meaning from the similarity of the functions .

Too much buck-passing ( usually in the name of scientific rigor ) between the experts on language , literature , and history has resulted in the sad fact that clear thought , the mortar that serves to create integrated human interaction , has been quite consistently assigned to the other guy 's bailiwick .
too much buck-passing ( usually in the name of scientific rigor ) between the experts on language , literature , and history has resulted in the sad fact that clear thought , the mortar that serves to create integrated human interaction , has been quite consistently [given] to the other guy 's bailiwick .

In place of the alchemical signs still common through Newton 's day in the notation of chemical reactions , elements got assigned symbols of one or two letters , often drawn from the Latin names for the same substances because Latin remained the common tongue for scholarly communication across national and linguistic borders until well into the 19th century .
in place of the alchemical signs still common through newton 's day in the notation of chemical reactions , elements got [given] symbols of one or two letters , often drawn from the latin names for the same substances because latin remained the common tongue for scholarly communication across national and linguistic borders until well into the 19th century .

However , since I was the sole FW assigned to Louisiana , New Orleans was necessary .
however , since i was the sole fw [given] to louisiana , new orleans was necessary .

Last year , I taught an introductory literature course in which I assigned E.E .
last year , i taught an introductory literature course in which i [given] e.e .

The names tribes gave themselves are not always known , sometimes because both tribe and language are extinct , attested to only by the name assigned to them by others .
the names tribes gave themselves are not always known , sometimes because both tribe and language are extinct , attested to only by the name [given] to them by others .

A Captain who was flying with an assigned altitude of 10,000 feet while being vectored for a landing on runway 27L thought he heard the copilot say Cleared to seven , took this to mean Cleared to seven thousand feet , and started to descend .
a captain who was flying with an [given] altitude of 10,000 feet while being vectored for a landing on runway 27l thought he heard the copilot say cleared to seven , took this to mean cleared to seven thousand feet , and started to descend .

Ha-ha , he-he , or hee-hee may be the closest spelled-out equivalents , with te-hee as a feminine version , dating back to the laugh that Chaucer assigned the reeve 's wife in the Miller 's Tale .
ha-ha , he-he , or hee-hee may be the closest spelled-out equivalents , with te-hee as a feminine version , dating back to the laugh that chaucer [given] the reeve 's wife in the miller 's tale .

Words that are or become nouns in Greek are assigned articles indicating gender , and some words are also inflected like Greek nouns ; but the majority , become uninflected neuters , which , anyway , have fewer inflections than feminines or masculines , so that a change in the article is often the only indication of case and syntax .
words that are or become nouns in greek are [given] articles indicating gender , and some words are also inflected like greek nouns ; but the majority , become uninflected neuters , which , anyway , have fewer inflections than feminines or masculines , so that a change in the article is often the only indication of case and syntax .

Assigned after some weeks to a few hours per week in the makeshift dental clinic in the prison revier or hospital , I took to busying myself during the great gaps of empty time by searching out and putting on paper British army-language specials , like mucker ` partner , ' scoff ` overeat , ' fluff ` girl , ' skilly ` meal , ' griff ` rumor , ' duff ` dessert . '
[given] after some weeks to a few hours per week in the makeshift dental clinic in the prison revier or hospital , i took to busying myself during the great gaps of empty time by searching out and putting on paper british army-language specials , like mucker ` partner , ' scoff ` overeat , ' fluff ` girl , ' skilly ` meal , ' griff ` rumor , ' duff ` dessert . '

Points to be made were assigned to various loci in a house .
points to be made were [given] to various loci in a house .

The authors decided that place-names spent too much time “ loafing about on signposts. ” They assigned definitions to the names which allowed them to “ start earning their keep in everyday conversation. ” Adlestrop , to them , was “ that part of a suitcase which is designed to get snarled up on conveyor belts at airports .
the authors decided that place-names spent too much time “ loafing about on signposts. ” they [given] definitions to the names which allowed them to “ start earning their keep in everyday conversation. ” adlestrop , to them , was “ that part of a suitcase which is designed to get snarled up on conveyor belts at airports .

He also assigns dluth fraoch to the clan Robertson , translated as the ` fine-leaved heath ' ( i.e. , E. cinerea ) but which is literally ` near or close to heather ' ; and fraoch nam Meinnearach is assigned to clan Menzies , though the name probably derives from Archibald Menzies , a well-known 18th-century botanist of North America , rather than from a very rare heather this clan is not likely to have encountered , never mind worn into battle .
he also assigns dluth fraoch to the clan robertson , translated as the ` fine-leaved heath ' ( i.e. , e. cinerea ) but which is literally ` near or close to heather ' ; and fraoch nam meinnearach is [given] to clan menzies , though the name probably derives from archibald menzies , a well-known 18th-century botanist of north america , rather than from a very rare heather this clan is not likely to have encountered , never mind worn into battle .

